recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple wants to rock the market with HomePod but faces challenges Wednesday June 7, 2017 01:31 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: TLC drops first music video in over 10 years High-scoring Indian student chooses religion over college Serbian press lament poor performance of national tennis hero Djokovic ProjekMMO: Dah glamor di YouTube, Mat Luthfi arah filem Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Members of the media photograph a prototype Apple HomePod during the annual Apple Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California June 5, 2017. — Reuters pixSAN FRANCISCO, June 7 — Apple’s new HomePod speaker may be music to the ears of its loyal fans, but how much it can crank up volume in the smart speaker market remains to be heard. Apple unveiled its long-awaited HomePod at its annual developers conference taking place this week in the heart of Silicon Valley, enticing lovers of its products with a high-end offering in a market dominated by lower-priced devices from Amazon and Google . Analysts are yet to be convinced that HomePod will rock the smart speaker market the way iPhones came to rule the smartphone world and iPods dominated MP3 players. “If we are comparing this to Apple’s past successes, it doesn’t fit that model,” said analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. “This product is much more of a me-too offering.” There was no overwhelming differentiation in HomePod, according to the analyst. But he saw a big negative — it is more expensive. HomePod, infused with machine smarts by Siri digital assistant, will be priced at US$349 (about RM1,490) when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain. HomePod will take on Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the Internet and more. Amazon sells Echo devices for US$179, and smaller “Dot” versions for US$50. Google sells Home for US$180, promoting the smart speakers with discounts. HomePod’s tune Apple played up the rich speaker quality of HomePod, and synched it with the company’s music service that boasts 27 million subscribers. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company’s Siri team tuned the virtual assistant as a “musicologist” that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the Internet cloud. The speaker has the “power to rock the house,” according to Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a voice-commanded assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. “Apple’s base should like it, because they are committed to the ecosystem,” Enderle said of HomePod. “If you are paying the extra money because Apple is requiring you to do so to access your stuff, that is the Apple tax and it is the kind of thing that people don’t like.” HomePod combined elements of Echo and Sonos smart speakers, known for rich sound quality, according to Reticle Research principal analyst Ross Rubin. Apple lovers already tend to be “premium product buyers,” and may not flinch at paying more for what they believe is a superior quality product, said Gartner analyst Brian Blau. Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing announces the new Apple HomePod during the annual Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California June 5, 2017. Just a glimpse Blau suspected Apple only gave a glimpse at its vision for HomePod, noting its potential to be a command centre for smart houses and to mesh with iPhones, iPads, online services and more. “We have to imagine there is going to be more there,” Blau said. “Is it going to be an Echo killer? A Google Home killer? We are going to have to wait and see. Apple be saving some insights into HomePod for later this year when it is expected to unveil a tenth-anniversary edition of the iPhone. Since HomePod will not hit the market until December, it is unlikely to catch much of the year-end holiday shopping wave and post big sales this year, according to Blau. “I think, over time, they are going to do just fine in this category but it is going to take a while,” the analyst said. “I don’t think it will be the next iPhone,” Blau said of HomePod, “but, Apple could gain share and be a leader.” In a blog post Technalysis Research founder Bob O’Donnell depicted Apple’s latest product news as an affirmation that the company has not fallen behind competitors and is working to take advantage of potentially exciting new technologies. But O’Donnell also expressed scepticism on Apple’s ability to dominate this new segment. “Yes, some songs may sound pleasing, but for true audiophiles who actually want to hear what the artist and producer intended, Apple’s positioning of the HomePod as super high-quality speaker is going to be a very tough sell,” O’Donnell said in a blog post. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives Cracked screen woes? Apple makes iPhone fixes easier (VIDEO) Don't drop your digital guard on vacation As Apple trumpets HomePod, developers embrace augmented reality KLM becomes world's first airline to send flight info via Twitter A new era for Nokia Samsung Galaxy Note 8 with borderless display could land by summer’s end Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles As Apple trumpets HomePod, developers embrace augmented reality Apple ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon, Google (VIDEO) Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Apple products too many for a table but still add growth Apple Inc tops US$800b market cap for first time ever Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football O-Wrap: FINSAC debt written off...Triple murder in St James...Student killed by peer 7:00 pm Christian Taylor looking forward to 'Special' Racers Grand Prix 9:45 pm ODPEM always prepared for disasters, says director general 9:30 pm LA Olympic bid 'not only about 2024' — official 9:15 pm Cabinet approves contract for the purchase of licence plates 8:45 pm UPDATE: Man murdered in Stony Hill identified 8:15 pm Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Wednesday, June 07, 2017 Tweet SAN JOSE, California (AP) — Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers — the latest test of the iPhone maker's ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals.The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple's technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. The “HomePod” speaker unveiled at Apple's annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple's iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple's own music streaming service, which runs US$10 to US$15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod's owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. “It will reinvent home audio,” boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about US$350 in December in the US, UK and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for US$180; Google's Home speaker goes for US$130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the US are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. The HomePod is Apple's first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn't been a smash hit, fuelling worries that the company's ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company “can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that's less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it's also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana, Blaber said. “This is the start of the AI wars,” he said. Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality “experiences,” although the company didn't announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple's web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES 1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper ï¿½ email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Let's PARTY! Prime Asset now VM Pension Management Ltd Sir Richard opens new Branson Centre in Kingston Holness to focus more on increasing growth Airline industry sees higher profits in 2017 South Korea draws up US$10 billion extra budget to create jobs Trump Organization to launch 'American Idea' hotel chain India hopes new rocket can carry humans into space How I doubled my Instagram Holness urges manufacturers to export to Latin America Four things every sales executive must do Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Arab nations cut ties with Qatar in new Mideast economic, political crisis Ackee exports at highest level in history The explosion of American beer in numbers Who do you know that is good with money? High-end luxury homes all the rage in Miami Premium problem with Palisadoes Co-operative Credit Union Cable Bahamas makes landmark listing on JSE with million-dollar shares NCB Capital Markets sets record with $10-billion bond raise ADVERTISEMENT Poll ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/how-the-next-macos-release-will-change-the-internet-1496768022 Hot Stocks How the Next macOS Release Will Change the Internet Apple’s upcoming version of Safari won’t allow advertisers to track people as they surf the Internet. By Emily Bary June 6, 2017 12:53 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Apple will introduce a "tracker blocker" to Safari -- and block ads that auto-play music. Illustration: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Apple wants to keep advertisers from tracking what websites you visit, a move that could shift the power dynamics of the Internet even more firmly in the big players’ favor. During WWDC on Monday, Apple announced a “tracker blocker” for Safari, meaning that the browser won’t show you those retargeted ads for the shoes you just looked up on another site. It will also block ads that auto-play. More from Barron’s Next New Data Backs Idea that Apple is Winning Wearables You Won’t Have to Wait for That iPhone 8 Android vs. iOS: Are iPhones Really Safer? While this feature may only come to the desktop browser initially, Google is considering its own ad blocker, which will reportedly come to desktop and mobile versions of Chrome in 2018. Google (part of Alphabet) wants to take aim at auto-play ads and those that make you wait 10 seconds before you can close them. (Critics say Google has less-than-noble aims here, as it will try to block ads it didn’t sell and give people less reason to use third-party ad blockers that also block Google ads.) In response to the Apple news, Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak wrote that “these changes only put a higher value on large app platforms’ with data around their unique, logged-in and engaged user bases.” Facebook, for one, is well-positioned, because it has about 1.3 billion daily active users and plenty of its own information about what they like. YouTube also knows a good deal about what interests its users. “In some ways this will lead to a continuation of the winner-take-most dynamic we see in online advertising, with Facebook and Google driving about 90% of US online ad growth,” Nowak wrote. Other less obvious beneficiaries, he says, include Snapchat, Pinterest, and Twitter, which also have sizable user bases and knowledge of consumer preferences. A decline in retargeting might prompt more businesses to try out Amazon’s ad platform and hurt some of Amazon’s much smaller competitors in the e-commerce business. Tracker blocking “is likely to make it harder for retailers and small e-commerce platforms ( eBay, Etsy) to profitably grow and compete against scale (and low-margin) leader Amazon,” Nowak wrote. Also vulnerable: Criteo, a company that analyzes users’ browsing habits for ad retargeting. “We see this as a substantial risk to Criteo’s long-term growth,” Nowak wrote. Big Picture: An end to “retargeted ads” in Safari could hurt publishers and give more power to Internet companies like Facebook that have their own user data. Text Size Regular Medium Large Most Popular Why Pandora Tanked Today Tesla’s Annual Meeting: What You Need to Know One Number That Should Trouble Snap’s Investors How to Build a More Fashionable Nike Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Telco Market Digital Transformation – Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies Latest niche market research report on “Telco digital transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies” available with OrbisResearch.com. “Telco Digital Transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies”, a thematic research report, examines effective strategies for telcos to capitalize on the explosive growth in the consumption of digital services. The report identifies key lessons in digital prowess from major brands including Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon that have led the value shift from technology provision to enablement, and provides and in-depth analysis of telco strategies to transform their internal operations, coming up with new technology use cases and exploring new service and revenue models. Key players listed in the report are Akamai Technologies, Alcatel-Lucent, Alibaba, Alphabet (Google), Amazon, Amazon Web Services, AOL (Verizon), AppAnnie, Appcoach, Apple, Ascenta(Facebook), ATandT, Baidu, Best Tone , BMW, Chaordix, China Telecom, China Unicom, Chinese All, Cisco, CIRP, City of Marseille, DesignCrowd, Deutsche Telekom, DirectTV (ATandT), Double Helix (Amazon), Emerson, Ericsson, Facebook, General Electric, General Motors, Georgia Tech University, Google, Groupama Banque, Groupon, Huffington Post, Hughes Telematics (Verizon), Indiegogo, Instagram (Facebook), Kiva Systems (Amazon), Linkedin, Microsoft, NBA, Oculus (Facebook), Onstar (GM), Orange, Pebbles, Phoenix Publishing, Rockwell Automation, Safeway, Sensity Systems, Singtel, Skype (Microsoft), Starbucks, Sony, TechCrunch, Telefónica, Tencent, Time Warner, Twitch (Amazon), Twitter, Udacity, University of Notre Dame, Verizon, Visa, Warner Brothers, WeChat, Xinhuanet, Yahoo (Verizon) Key Findings – The world’s leaders in market capitalization show us how disruptive digital strategies can produce remarkable growth opportunities for the business. Apple and Google taught us how to pioneer revolutionary business models. Amazon showed us how to masterfully virtualize a brick-and-mortar industry, and Facebook transformed the definition of content services, putting the user as the central author. – Telecom service providers know first-hand the impact of the digital revolt, as SMS and traditional voice services become increasingly replaced by IP-based voice and messaging apps such as Skype and WhatsApp. Telcos have been catalysts of the transformation of mobile devices from communications tools to life management hubs. Yet, to thrive in the digital economy requires far more than technology or product prowess– it calls for entirely novel service models. – To secure a profitable slice of the new digital domain, telecom service providers need to transform how they deliver services, content and apps. Telco digital transformation begins with a digital corporate culture to drive the discovery of new innovation engines, disruptive business models and digitally-smart customer relationship platforms. Telecom companies that can turn the challenge of digital transformation into profitable opportunities will prevail. Request a sample of this report at http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/175027 . The “Telco digital transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies” report analyzes the growth drivers of digital services, strategies of leading digital companies, as well as case studies on the digital transformation of four major telecom services providers. Data and insights are derived through a mix of desk-based secondary research and qualitative primary research. The report is structured as follows: Section 1: Market context – digital services growth drivers and trends. This section provides a high-level overview of the growth drivers of digital services and the impact of the rise of digital brands on the traditional telecom service provider model. Section 2: Lessons in digital prowess – GAFA strategies. Here we examine the market approach and strategies of four leading digital companies – Google, Amazon, Facebook and Apple – with a special focus on their key business values and success factors. Section 3: Case studies – Telco approaches to digital transformation. We continue with a review of the strategies and programs that leading telecom companies ATandT, China Telecom, Orange and Verizon are putting in place to create profitable growth amidst the business disruption brought about by successful digital service providers. . Section 4: Key findings and recommendations. We conclude the report with a set of key findings on the core values and success factors of digital leaders, and strategy recommendations for telecom services providers. Reasons To Buy “Telco digital transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies” examines best practices of four of the world’s leading companies to help telecom executives develop effective growth strategies, make informed strategic business decisions and optimize return on investment. The report provides valuable insights about effective corporate values, innovation programs, organizational strategies and revenue models that can help service providers transform their operational models and profit from the digital opportunity. The report’s case studies provide real examples of market approaches and strategies being employed by leading telcos to build revenue opportunities in the digital age, related to their internal organizations, their ecosystem development and revenue creation. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews, Telco digital transformation Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Malathion Market United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia Size, Status and Forecasts 2021 Next PostNext Pneumatic Filters Sales Market Outlook, Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Size Analysis Search Recent Posts Global Body Worn Camera Market Is Expected to Reach a USD 990 Million by Forecast to 2023 Asia-Pacific PPTA Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Recent killings in western Mosul indicative of rising atrocities against civilians – UN rights arm Microsoft signs agreement to acquire Hexadite Asia-Pacific Polypropylene Copolymer Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Telco Market Digital Transformation – Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies Latest niche market research report on “Telco digital transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies” available with OrbisResearch.com. “Telco Digital Transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies”, a thematic research report, examines effective strategies for telcos to capitalize on the explosive growth in the consumption of digital services. The report identifies key lessons in digital prowess from major brands including Google, Apple, Facebook and Amazon that have led the value shift from technology provision to enablement, and provides and in-depth analysis of telco strategies to transform their internal operations, coming up with new technology use cases and exploring new service and revenue models. Key players listed in the report are Akamai Technologies, Alcatel-Lucent, Alibaba, Alphabet (Google), Amazon, Amazon Web Services, AOL (Verizon), AppAnnie, Appcoach, Apple, Ascenta(Facebook), ATandT, Baidu, Best Tone , BMW, Chaordix, China Telecom, China Unicom, Chinese All, Cisco, CIRP, City of Marseille, DesignCrowd, Deutsche Telekom, DirectTV (ATandT), Double Helix (Amazon), Emerson, Ericsson, Facebook, General Electric, General Motors, Georgia Tech University, Google, Groupama Banque, Groupon, Huffington Post, Hughes Telematics (Verizon), Indiegogo, Instagram (Facebook), Kiva Systems (Amazon), Linkedin, Microsoft, NBA, Oculus (Facebook), Onstar (GM), Orange, Pebbles, Phoenix Publishing, Rockwell Automation, Safeway, Sensity Systems, Singtel, Skype (Microsoft), Starbucks, Sony, TechCrunch, Telefónica, Tencent, Time Warner, Twitch (Amazon), Twitter, Udacity, University of Notre Dame, Verizon, Visa, Warner Brothers, WeChat, Xinhuanet, Yahoo (Verizon) Key Findings – The world’s leaders in market capitalization show us how disruptive digital strategies can produce remarkable growth opportunities for the business. Apple and Google taught us how to pioneer revolutionary business models. Amazon showed us how to masterfully virtualize a brick-and-mortar industry, and Facebook transformed the definition of content services, putting the user as the central author. – Telecom service providers know first-hand the impact of the digital revolt, as SMS and traditional voice services become increasingly replaced by IP-based voice and messaging apps such as Skype and WhatsApp. Telcos have been catalysts of the transformation of mobile devices from communications tools to life management hubs. Yet, to thrive in the digital economy requires far more than technology or product prowess– it calls for entirely novel service models. – To secure a profitable slice of the new digital domain, telecom service providers need to transform how they deliver services, content and apps. Telco digital transformation begins with a digital corporate culture to drive the discovery of new innovation engines, disruptive business models and digitally-smart customer relationship platforms. Telecom companies that can turn the challenge of digital transformation into profitable opportunities will prevail. Request a sample of this report at http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/175027 . The “Telco digital transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies” report analyzes the growth drivers of digital services, strategies of leading digital companies, as well as case studies on the digital transformation of four major telecom services providers. Data and insights are derived through a mix of desk-based secondary research and qualitative primary research. The report is structured as follows: Section 1: Market context – digital services growth drivers and trends. This section provides a high-level overview of the growth drivers of digital services and the impact of the rise of digital brands on the traditional telecom service provider model. Section 2: Lessons in digital prowess – GAFA strategies. Here we examine the market approach and strategies of four leading digital companies – Google, Amazon, Facebook and Apple – with a special focus on their key business values and success factors. Section 3: Case studies – Telco approaches to digital transformation. We continue with a review of the strategies and programs that leading telecom companies ATandT, China Telecom, Orange and Verizon are putting in place to create profitable growth amidst the business disruption brought about by successful digital service providers. . Section 4: Key findings and recommendations. We conclude the report with a set of key findings on the core values and success factors of digital leaders, and strategy recommendations for telecom services providers. Reasons To Buy “Telco digital transformation: Lessons from the world’s most powerful digital companies” examines best practices of four of the world’s leading companies to help telecom executives develop effective growth strategies, make informed strategic business decisions and optimize return on investment. The report provides valuable insights about effective corporate values, innovation programs, organizational strategies and revenue models that can help service providers transform their operational models and profit from the digital opportunity. The report’s case studies provide real examples of market approaches and strategies being employed by leading telcos to build revenue opportunities in the digital age, related to their internal organizations, their ecosystem development and revenue creation. About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customised reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialisation. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews, Telco digital transformation Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Malathion Market United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia Size, Status and Forecasts 2021 Next PostNext Pneumatic Filters Sales Market Outlook, Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Size Analysis Search Recent Posts Global Body Worn Camera Market Is Expected to Reach a USD 990 Million by Forecast to 2023 Asia-Pacific PPTA Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Recent killings in western Mosul indicative of rising atrocities against civilians – UN rights arm Microsoft signs agreement to acquire Hexadite Asia-Pacific Polypropylene Copolymer Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login Home Free PC Games Google Google makes games to help teach internet sense, safety and positivity to kids By Philippa Warr on June 6th, 2017 at 4:29 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google has announced Be Internet Awesome; a collaborative project focused around teaching children how to be safe online. There are a bunch of teaching resources for parents and schools but I’m posting about it because the Interland section [official site] is a suite of four colourful games each focusing on a different aspect of safety. As per the Google blog the initiative was developed in collaboration with the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition, ConnectSafely and others. Pavni Diwanji (Google’s VP of engineering for kids and families) notes: “for kids to really make the most of the web, we need more than just helpful products: We need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online. “This is one of the most significant issues that we all face as a new generation grows up with the Internet at their fingertips. It’s critical that the most influential people in our kids’ lives—parents and teachers, especially—help kids learn how to be smart, positive and kind online, just like we teach them to be offline. It’s something we all need to reinforce together.” First and foremost I’m interested in whether the parents among you think these games will be useful to your children. I’ve played all four and I think some felt more able to stand alone than others. The ability to act as standalone games will be more or less important depending on whether you want to use them alongside the other resources Google is offering. But given it’s far more of an investment to read the 48 page PDF which is what the curriculum section is [Be Internet Awesome Curriculum PDF] than go to the browser page it seemed to me like having them all function as fun things which teach by themselves was important. I’ve put my own thoughts below but, as I say, I’m interested in whether parents or other caregivers think differently. I’ll also add that to me it seemed like the curriculum was aiming for a totally different age range than the games. The games seemed like pre-school or very early primary age whereas the curriculum activities (which would theoretically be supported by those games) seemed to be for the top end of the primary age range – maybe even early high school. The first was a river zone which looks at phishing but crossing the river is just answering a quiz. I think the basic info it imparts is obviously useful but from being a kid at one point and knowing kids, you can know the correct answers for an educational game high score but then not apply them at all in real life. It’s things like knowing not to forward chain letters or not clicking on pop-ups offering you free stuff. You know know that in the abstract (and explicitly giving that information is valuable) but it isn’t the same as being in the moment and feeling the pressure to interact. For that one I would have been interested in a game where you maybe have to manage a pretend inbox and where clicking on the faux pop-ups gives you a penalty and the game gradually teaches you more about the ways you know if someone has been hacked. This section was also clearly US-focused in that it mentions what to do if someone asks for your social security number. I assume it’s supposed to be existing in dialogue with the other resources but sometimes that makes it feel like an end-of-chapter test rather than a tool for imparting knowledge in a fun way. I’m specifically thinking of a question where one of the answers involves verifying that an email comes from who you think it does but that can be a pretty complicated thing. The curriculum digs into that in a lot more detail, by the way. The sharing section was really interesting to me because it abstracted the idea into a kind of laser reflection puzzle. You needed to bounce a beam of light to only hit particular targets representing how you only want information to go to some people and not others. I liked how when you were sending a video you had taken of someone without permission it asked you to send it to the bin and not a person because you shouldn’t record people without permission. Other bits had you sharing a picture of an x-ray only with family. It felt like a good balance of an actual puzzle and the info Google and their associates wanted to impart to me but I’m well above the target audience. There was also a simple platformer where you collected hearts and then distributed them as compliments to fellow Internauts (for thus the game’s inhabitants are named). Big yellow bears acted as cyberbullies and would need to be reported or trapped. This felt more like a basic “don’t be a jerk” theme I’ve seen in a lot of games aimed at young children, although the idea of reporting a bully to get them removed from the gamespace felt effective. Again, I’m not sure how it would translate to real life because it would depend on the accessibilty and effectiveness of the moderation where you happened to be hanging out online. As an example, Twitter is a place where it can be incredibly difficult to get any real resolution to cyberbullying. The remaining game is a simple collection game where you pick up cubes with lower case, upper case and symbol characters in order to create a secure password. This one felt nothingy to me because it was more like a vague tutorial than actually putting any knowledge into practice. The passwords I generated using the system would perhaps have kept the enemy hacker character at bay (and hackers in real life) but I tried to memorise the password myself to see if it was useful for real life and… four minutes later it’s gone. Obviously the part about using a mixture of characters is the important part, but I’m concerned that you might leave the game thinking “well, that’s the theory but I guess I’d need to write it down to use it a second time so maybe I’ll stick with something else”. There are also a bunch of theories about online passwords and how we manage the balance between memorable and safe (or rely on some other system which we need to evaluate for safety). Perhaps that’s overthinking it. But lest it sound like I’m being dismissive of the Be Internet Awesome project as a whole, I downloaded and read the curriculum PDF. I’ve been pointing out that it augments and improves upon the browser games but there are some cool activities beyond the Interland games tucked away in there. The one which just caught my eye is where you give kids a selection of online activity from various characters and see what they can deduce from those snippets about that person. There’s a detective game element but it would underline the point that you can give away a lot of information without meaning to if you aren’t careful. It includes things like status updates, browser history, checking in at locations, pictures from events and more which could be used to find you or figure out how you might be vulnerable. An extension of that activity encourages kids to look at the information and see what other types of people might think based on that info. What would an employer assume? What would your family think? What would the police find out? What would an advertiser get? How about you in ten years? Another activity in that section is about evaluating the information you have and whether you a) have the right to share it in the first place and b) if you do whether it’s in the appropriate place. To me it feels like the curriculum document is the far stronger piece which is perhaps to be expected. It’s great on one level because it offers a bunch of different ways of approaching important topics but I’m a little disappointed that the games can’t seem to do more of the heavy lifting, simply because downloading and reading a 48 page PDF is less immediately engaging than playing browser games. Anyhoodle. Enough from me. What do you think? Good? Bad? Weird age discrepancy? Sudden strange need to throw letter blocks on the floor as a means of password generation? Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 10 Comments 06/06/2017 at 17:51 Eightball says: Thanks corporate overlords! Thorporate overlords. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 18:34 Kefren says: Ironic when Google are one of the companies that makes online privacy a nightmare to maintain. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 19:28 skeletortoise says: In order to help Google teach you about internet safety please provide us with your current location, financial information, and partial rights to your soul. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 22:11 Marclev says: Comments above seem rather cynical. This seem like *a good thing* to me. I looked at the site, and as far as teaching kids about internet safety, playing a games has got to be more effective than lecturing them, so good on Google for doing this in my opinion. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 22:58 Someoldguy says: I’d be interested to know what age range and technical knowledge level this is aimed at. I wouldn’t equate setting up a sensible password with the age where you’re managing your own emails and video sharing. Maybe this is a toolset you dip into at need? I know from personal experience that most kids in our school are using the computer from a very young age. The BBC even has CBeebies games for the 3-5s. Having graduated to games that need accounts (like Roblox) I did try and teach my kid the value of having a secure password and not sharing it. Can’t have done it too well because it wasn’t too long before he’d given it away to another player offering him free Robux. Fortunately their security meant I could recover the account pretty quickly, but it taught him about password security far more effectively than all my gentle nagging. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 00:03 haldolium says: The game itself seems as detached to reality as many other educational ideas are, the PDF does do a lot more. For instance addressing the parents at the very start. I’ve played the game a bit and the target demographic clearly is very young, too young to actually grasp the meaning. Older children are most def. more interested in actual games, or are already deep into CS, CoD or GTA and would laugh off about this in their favorite subreddit or whatever kids use these days (ICQ still a thing?) The irony of this being a Google endeavor aside, this may should’ve been a game targeting at PARENTS who don’t know shit about the internet instead of kids, who grew up, make mistakes, and then maybe learn from it. Or being educated by their smarphone-moms who all the sudden got a game made by Google that educated them how all their facebook baby pics, candy crush spendings, trump re-tweeting and hatespeech postings are actually bad. Media literacy needs to be a mandatory subject of raising kids today, there is no way around that. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 05:40 dethtoll says: Safety and positivity? Sounds like a commie safe space for libcuck sno– okay no I can’t do that with a straight face today. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 06:03 death_au says: Games have the general idea down, but… I don’t know. I think they were a bit too boring and/or heavy handed. The blocking/reporting/spread positive vibes platformer was a decent enough idea. The abstraction of sharing into a light puzzle was a neat idea, but I feel like part of the puzzle should have been who you share the posts to, rather than telling you from the start. The password runner was just boring; I kept tripping over the corners of rocks and losing progress and it’s basically a password generator on its own and doesn’t encourage you to participate in creating your own passwords. And the phishing river quiz? No kid is going to care about that. Too boring. Plus it seems a bit self serving of Google to suggest that a site is probably trustworthy because it ranks highly in search results… In any case, I think the games are a neat idea but they need work. The Phishing one in particular I think could be replaced entirely with a Papers, Please style accept or reject based on how trustworthy the email looks with increasingly legit looking spam. The password generation one needs a rethink, too. I feel like there needs to be something where a ‘hacker’ character is attempting to brute force a bunch of accounts (treasure chests) which you have to lock with passwords. Too simple and the chests get unlocked quickly, and you can change a password to reset a hacker’s progress. Perhaps you could also include ‘phishing’ chests which take the password you enter and if your other passwords are too similar it unlocks those chests. Just spitballing here. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 12:11 RaoulDuke says: I’m not 100% sure what “oversharers” means, but I think that it could exclude autistic kids by accident which would be a shame. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 00:45 jorjordandan says: I played through them all, and I thought it was great. My 5 year old could do the games pretty easily, other than the reading heavy river one. Fortunately, she has no account that could be phished. But you can’t really make this type of educational game even the least bit frustrating, or you will alienate someone. I think most non-gamers appreciate easy games – the little dopamine hits of success might even get them to try some other games. I think that the points were well made, and well adapted to game form. The lasers reflecting game really emphasized the fact that you need to think before you post about who that post will reach. I thought that was smart. I think there are LOTS of adults who would benefit from playing through these – even if they are not super fun, it’s a great tool to get you to think about this stuff for a few minutes. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags Google, Interland, Online safety. Search for clues News and things Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November Suck on this PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements We'll take 'em Super Meat Boy co-creator announces The End Is Nigh And in the game Be a struggling artist in painting sim Passpartout Struggle baguettes genuis And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Caveblazers is an interesting contrast to Spelunky I love it despite frustrations Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber poliovaccine : “*I* hadnt forgotten about this! This is what I'm hoping upon hope will be a ...” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November PiiSmith : “I am not sure if it encourages "camping" more than the other game mechanics do. ...” on PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements JakeOfRavenclaw : “I actually dug Remember Me quite a bit and have been hoping Dontnod would take ...” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November PiiSmith : “But do they match make with other players of your skill or just try to ...” on PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements poliovaccine : “From what I understand, it's exactly both.” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise Help me, I can't stop playing Flow Free Anything but free Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. What the Cyberpunk 2020 RPG can tell us about Cyberpunk 2077 What would Saint William Gibson do? Paradox on the future of historical strategy, RPGs and their internal development studio "The next Crusader Kings could be an RPG" The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island The Joy Of Arkham Asylum's broken Batman Batbeards and Batbruises Have You Played… Assassin’s Creed? "You killed me? Let's talk" The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Steam Charts: A New Dawn Plop-pickers The Sunday Papers Read more How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5550 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.737% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple A new Amazon Android phone might be coming, and this one won’t be dumb Chris Smith BGR News June 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Remember the Fire Phone? I can’t blame you if you don’t, because it was one of the saddest smartphone releases in recent history. But it looks like Amazon hasn’t given up on making smartphones, as a new report says the company is working on a new kind of Android device, the kind that Google will like. Don't Miss: Foxconn insider drops avalanche of information about the iPhone 8, new MacBooks, Apple’s smart glasses and more That’s according to Gadgets 360’s sources, who say that Amazon has changed focus for its upcoming smartphones, and that includes operating system changes and branding. Rather than creating an Android-based operating system that would be deprived of one of the most important features of Android — that’s official Google Play app support — Amazon is making a device that runs the Android OS you expect, complete with Google support. Instead of trying to steal buyers away from the iPhone or other Android flagships, the Amazon Ice phone will be targeting the entry-level market, and especially India. The Amazon Ice has a screen between 5.2-inch and 5.5-inch and features a Qualcomm Snapdragon 435 chip, 2GB of RAM, 16GB of storage, 13-megapixel camera, a fingerprint sensor on the back, Android 7.1.1 with Google Assistant support. Surprisingly, there’s no Alexa on this device, although this might change in the future. The phone should sell for Rs 6,000, which is about $93. It’s unclear at this time when the phone will launch, and whether it’ll be available in other markets. But Amazon plans to launch at least one phone in India this year, according to a source. Trending right now: iOS 11 beta 1 is now available to download Yet another study shows Verizon and T-Mobile are the fastest networks New leak gives us a better look at the iPhone 8’s awesome redesign See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Watch live streaming video of James Comey’s testimony before Congress right here BGR News All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech The iPhone 8's Big New Feature Is On the Way Tech Media Network (Tom's Guide) No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 6 GOOG: 976.57 -7.11 Chrome 59 for Android loads pages faster with updated JavaScript engine Abner Li - Jun. 6th 2017 9:17 pm PT @technacity Apps & Updates Chrome/OS Chrome 59 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Following yesterday’s release to Mac, Windows, and Linux, Chrome 59 is now rolling out to Android. Google notes faster page loading and less memory usage in this version, as well as other stability fixes and security patches. Nintendo Switch An updated JavaScript engine is responsible for pages loading faster while less memory is consumed. Back in April, Google touted improvements in JavaScript page load performance due to the development of a new metric that better quantifies real-world usage. As a result of this optimization, Chrome has loaded pages 10-20% faster over the past year by optimizing for startup times. At the time, Google noted that real-world performance would be better accounted for during engine architecture design. JavaScript performance would also be improved by including modern libraries and frameworks. This version also adds full support for animated PNGs. APNGs are similar to GIFs, but with support for both 24-bit images and 8-bit transparency. Long supported by Mozilla’s Firefox, the format is gaining traction after Apple adopted it for iMessage apps in iOS 10. Chrome 59 for Android is rolling out via the Play Store and will be available over the course of the next week. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Chrome/OS View THe Guide Chrome 59 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Mobile  |  News  | Asus ZenFone AR to launch on June 14: Press invites out Asus ZenFone AR to launch on June 14: Press invites out By: Chandrika Jana Published: Wednesday, June 7, 2017, 10:00 [IST] Last month, Google said that the Asus ZenFone AR will be up for sale by summer this year. Now, an official invite from Asus has confirmed that the phone will be launched on June 14 in Taiwan. Asus had first introduced the ZenFone AR at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in January. So almost six months have passed since the unveiling of the device but it still hasn't made it to the market. However, considering the press invite sent out by Asus, you may finally get your hands on the smartphone. To remind you, the Asus ZenFone AR is the second device from the Google Tango series. The first one being the Lenovo PHAB 2 Pro, which was launched last year. Notably, the ZenFone AR is the first phone to provide support for both Google Tango AR and Daydream VR. In addition to this, the smartphone also packs 8GB RAM on board. Speaking of other specifications, the Asus ZenFone AR sports a 5.7-inch AMOLED display with QHD resolution. Under the hood, the smartphone is powered by a Snapdragon 821 processor. Other than the 8GB variant, there is also a basic version with 6GB of RAM. Storage-wise, the ZenFone AR has 64GB/128GB of native storage space. Powering the device is a 3300mAh battery that offers fast charging support. On the software front, it runs on Zen UI 3.0 which is based on Android 7.0 Nougat. The phone also features a fingerprint scanner and a USB Type-C port. Now coming to the key highlight of the ZenFone AR, it has a rear-facing camera setup that comprises of three separate camera sensors. The 23MP camera is equipped with features like motion tracking, measure depth and room mapping. There is also a dual-LED flash accompanying the camera. Up front, the device bears an 8MP selfie shooter with dual-LED flash. Currently, there has been no word on pricing of the Asus ZenFone AR. However, ASUS CEO Jerry Shen has claimed that the device won't cost higher than Samsung Galaxy S8. Via Asus ZenFone AR (ZS571KL) 60,000(Expected Price) Specs Competitors Images +3 Read More About asus zenfone | asus | news | google | smartphones Other articles published on Jun 7, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... How to stay safe on Instagram: Simple tips that you can follow Reliance Jio 4G services far more accessible in India : OpenSignal Government is aiming at a $ 1trillion digital economy by 2020: Ravi Shankar Prasad Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
News Real estate Hotels Insight Classifieds Jobs Newsletter Signup Register / Login × Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events Recent Comments Popular JapanToday Higashi-Azabu IS bldg, 4F 1-8-1 Higashi-Azabu Minato-ku Tokyo 106-0044 Japan Tel: +81 3 5561 7755 Fax: +81 3 5561 7756 Email: editor@japantoday.com ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Apple's HomePod smart speaker enters a market segment dominated by Amazon and Google, but is being touted as a high-quality music device Photo: AFP tech Apple wants to rock the market with HomePod, but faces challenges June 7 01:00 pm JST 1 Comment By Glenn CHAPMAN SAN FRANCISCO Apple's new HomePod speaker may be music to the ears of its loyal fans, but how much it can crank up volume in the smart speaker market remains to be heard. Apple unveiled its long-awaited HomePod at its annual developers conference taking place this week in the heart of Silicon Valley, enticing lovers of its products with a high-end offering in a market dominated by lower-priced devices from Amazon and Google . Analysts are yet to be convinced that HomePod will rock the smart speaker market the way iPhones came to rule the smartphone world and iPods dominated MP3 players. "If we are comparing this to Apple's past successes, it doesn't fit that model," said analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. "This product is much more of a me-too offering." There was no overwhelming differentiation in HomePod, according to the analyst. But he saw a big negative -- it is more expensive. HomePod, infused with machine smarts by Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain. HomePod will take on Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. Amazon sells Echo devices for $179, and smaller "Dot" versions for $50. Google sells Home for $180, promoting the smart speakers with discounts. Apple played up the rich speaker quality of HomePod, and synched it with the company's music service that boasts 27 million subscribers. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company's Siri team tuned the virtual assistant as a "musicologist" that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the "power to rock the house," according to Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a voice-commanded assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. "Apple's base should like it, because they are committed to the ecosystem," Enderle said of HomePod. "If you are paying the extra money because Apple is requiring you to do so to access your stuff, that is the Apple tax and it is the kind of thing that people don't like." HomePod combined elements of Echo and Sonos smart speakers, known for rich sound quality, according to Reticle Research principal analyst Ross Rubin. Apple lovers already tend to be "premium product buyers," and may not flinch at paying more for what they believe is a superior quality product, said Gartner analyst Brian Blau. Blau suspected Apple only gave a glimpse at its vision for HomePod, noting its potential to be a command center for smart houses and to mesh with iPhones, iPads, online services and more. "We have to imagine there is going to be more there," Blau said. "Is it going to be an Echo killer? A Google Home killer? We are going to have to wait and see. Apple be saving some insights into HomePod for later this year when it is expected to unveil a tenth-anniversary edition of the iPhone. Since HomePod will not hit the market until December, it is unlikely to catch much of the year-end holiday shopping wave and post big sales this year, according to Blau. "I think, over time, they are going to do just fine in this category but it is going to take a while," the analyst said. "I don't think it will be the next iPhone," Blau said of HomePod, "but, Apple could gain share and be a leader." In a blog post Technalysis Research founder Bob O'Donnell depicted Apple's latest product news as an affirmation that the company has not fallen behind competitors and is working to take advantage of potentially exciting new technologies. But O'Donnell also expressed skepticism on Apple's ability to dominate this new segment. "Yes, some songs may sound pleasing, but for true audiophiles who actually want to hear what the artist and producer intended, Apple's positioning of the HomePod as super high-quality speaker is going to be a very tough sell," O'Donnell said in a blog post. © 2017 AFP Earn an American degree in Japan. Undergraduate / EMBA / Law / TESOL The oldest and largest foreign university in Japan. Temple University, Japan Campus View More BMW INTERNATIONAL GOLF CHALLENGE June 9th, Taiheiyo Golf Club, Minori Course, Ibaraki. www.bmwgolfjapan.com Sign Up Sort by Oldest Latest Popular 1 Comment Login to comment Cliffy June 7 09:50 pm JST Speakers? How do the sound compare to Bose? 0 ( +0 / -0 ) Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook Connect Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me Forgot password? User registration Earn an American degree in Japan. Undergraduate / EMBA / Law / TESOL The oldest and largest foreign university in Japan. Temple University, Japan Campus View More Earn more from your Tokyo property Our property management allows you to lease-out on the short-term market & increase your monthly earnings. HOUSING JAPAN View More Tech Today 06:27 am JST 3 Comments Sony's PlayStation VR headset sales top 1 million units Today 05:57 am JST 0 Comments Japan Display considers deeper restructuring, seeks more funding: Nikkei June 7 06:05 am JST 3 Comments Fujitsu to reach agreement 'soon' on integrating PC business with Lenovo View all Popular Trump criticized for tweet on London mayor after bridge attacks 215 Comments Ex-FBI head Comey says Trump pressured him on Russia probe 81 Comments White House tries to regroup, but Trump isn't helping 95 Comments Worker at Ibaraki facility has up to 22,000 becquerels of plutonium in lungs 46 Comments Trump announces U.S. withdrawal from Paris climate pact; allies voice dismay 152 Comments View all Articles, Offers & Useful Resources A mix of what's trending on our other sites 3 Tips to Slim Down and Get Fit in Japan this Summer GaijinPot Blog Art & Culture Japanese Traditions: Teru Teru Bozu Savvy Tokyo Food & Drink Artistic Dessert Feast At Janice Wong Tokyo Savvy Tokyo Luxury Living MORI LIVING’s Father Daughter Party Gets A Masked Theme Insight Japan Today What's Happening This Week(End): Tokyo Area Events For June 10-11 Savvy Tokyo Training Day: Use Orientation to Learn New Skills for the Job Ahead GaijinPot Blog 2017 Top Jobs in Japan Week 23 GaijinPot Blog Lifestyle 5 Beautiful Tokyo Gardens To Visit This Summer Savvy Tokyo Bars June live music schedule at The Dickens! Insight Japan Today Autumn Komagome GaijinPot Travel National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Is Apple’s $349 HomePod overpriced? Maybe… maybe not 06/06/2017 at 10:59 AM by Brad Linder 5 Comments There was a very infomercial-like “how much would you expect to pay?” moment during yesterday’s unveiling of the Apple HomePod speaker. High-end WiFi speakers from companies like Sonos typically cost $300 to $500, while smart speakers like an Amazon Echo or Google Home tend to cost between $100 and $200. So you might expect to pay $400 to $700 for a HomePod which combines aspects of both, right? But no… the HomePod is “just” $349. If you’re comparing to the speaker to an Amazon Echo that’s a pretty steep premium. And that’s basically the comparison we all expected to make when rumors of a Siri-powered Apple speaker started making the rounds. But it might not really be the best comparison to make. Apple says HomePod doesn’t just sound better than Amazon or Google’s speakers. It designed HomePod to compete with premium WiFi speakers from Sonos and others. And while we’ll have to wait a while for detailed reviews from experts in home audio equipment, early impressions seem to be pretty positive. Plenty of tech journalists report that the HomePod is competitive, if not better than a Sonos speaker and makes the Echo and Google Home line of products seem like toys. Viewed in that light, it’s probably best to think of the HomePod as a premium speaker with built-in Siri functionality. That’s how it’s priced, and that’s allegedly how it sounds. And from that point of view, $349 is actually a pretty competitive price. Of course, not everyone wants to drop that kind of money on a single speaker. If all you want is a voice-activated device for news, weather, and traffic updates, question-and-answer, games, and maybe a little music thrown into the mix, Amazon and Google have much cheaper options to sell you. And since Amazon and Google are making their Alexa and Assistant software available to third-party developers, we could eventually see smart speakers that do sound just as good as a HomePod in the future. Just don’t expect them to be as affordable as today’s Google Home/Amazon Echo/Tap/Dot devices.   Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 5 Comments on "Is Apple’s $349 HomePod overpriced? Maybe… maybe not" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest savagemichael Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. But the missing key here is that both Amazon and Google’s ecosystems have cheap and easy linking via industry standards to whatever speaker and amp anyone wants to use. New. Old. Vintage. Whatever you want. Amazon – Echo Dot leaves you about $300 to invest in that speaker/amp. Google – Home plus Chromecast leaves you about $200 for the same exercise. And that’s if you only want one speaker. Google with two speakers that sync if you want – $130 for Home and $70 for two Chromecasts. Now you’ve got $500 left to spend on speakers and amps against two Applepods @$350 each. Even worse, Google Assistant is on the verge of being everywhere so that $130 Google Home probably isn’t even necessary. You can probably just use the Chromecasts and whatever entry point for Google Assistant you want. That leaves over $300 after buying a Chromecast to buy something… Read more » Vote Up3Vote Down  Reply 1 day 22 hours ago Author Brad Linder Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Yeah, I sort of touched on the Echo Dot + speaker in my previous post, but didn’t feel like rewriting it today. But I do think that Apple has the chance to create a Sonos-like ecosystem here. HomePod might just be the first of many products. Perhaps they sell the 1st-gen model for $349 and it becomes sort of the home hub/speaker. Then in a year or so they start to offer $100 – $600 satellite speaker accessories that you can use to build out your whole-home sound system. Maybe there’ll even be a $50ish mic and cheap speaker that you can put anywhere in the house just for Siri interactions, while the good speakers are in just a few rooms, sort of like NVIDIA’s Spot accessories for the Shield TV. https://liliputing.com/2017/01/closer-look-2nd-gen-nvidia-shield-tv.html Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 1 day 22 hours ago Member peanut_throwaway Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. “Premium Speaker”… I for one am disgusted with the market and the use of “premium” for marketing. And with Sonos testing Alexa integration, what would separate Apple from Sonos? Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 1 day 19 hours ago Guest savagemichael Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Fair enough but it’s not like the other ecosystems will be sitting still going forward either. Another point of interest is what connectivity Homepod has. I have not been able to find that out with a quick look around. If the only connectivity is through Apple software then that’s a real letdown. I would expect a good speaker properly taken care of to last for many more years than even Apple will be supporting this product with software I’d suspect. I currently listen quite often to stuff via a Chromecast Audio into a Tivoli Pal speaker I’ve owned for some time. I couldn’t even tell you how long at this point. 20 years? Something like that anyway. It sat on a shelf for a number of years doing nothing but collecting dust since radio reception is lacking where I live now and I also just don’t listen to much local… Read more » Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 17 hours 40 minutes ago Guest epinoa Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Except that “premium” wifi speakers sound worse than a low end hifi. Get your granddad to leave you their old 50 year old hifi and you will be blown away by the quality. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 1 day 5 hours ago Latest News How do you feel about the war on smartphone bezels? Over the past few years we've seen smartphone bezels get thinner and thinner, … [Read More...] Chrome 59 for Android promises faster page loads, less memory use The latest version of Google's Chrome web browser for Android devices is here, … [Read More...] iOS 11 lets you “offload apps” to save space, while retaining data and settings There's no such thing as an iPhone with a microSD card. So if you're running out … [Read More...] Popular articles Deals of the Day (6-07-2017) JXD S192k handheld Android game console coming soon OnePlus 5 to feature 8GB RAM, Snapdragon 835 (leaks) Deals Deals of the Day (6-07-2017) Microsoft's entry-level Surface tablet hasn't received an update in a while, but … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends If GOOGL wants to control the home, this is one more way to do it By Will Ashworth, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 6, 2017, 7:00 pm EDT Get GOOGL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends Ford Motor Company (F) Stock Is Dead Money Until It Gets a REAL Innovator 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Recent Posts: Choosing Between Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock and Snap Inc (SNAP) Is Tough Nike Inc (NKE) Stock Will Outlast the Adidas AG (ADR) (ADDYY) Onslaught I Wouldn’t Buy Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Stock, But You Can View All Posts Ok, don’t laugh, but I think the idea of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL, NASDAQ:GOOG) buying Whirlpool Corporation (NYSE:WHR) isn’t nearly as crazy as most investors would believe it to be. Let me explain why. Source: Brionv via Wikimedia (Modified) The idea came to me in two parts. Nest Cam IQ to the Rescue First, my fellow Canadian and InvestorPlace contributor Brad Moon recently wrote a piece about Nest’s new high-resolution indoor security camera, dubbed Nest Cam IQ. It allows homeowners to detect strangers in the house by utilizing Google’s machine learning technology to get the job done. It’s kind of Big Brother, “1984” stuff, if you ask me, but Brad’s a tech geek on a level I could never get to, so if he thinks it’s a big deal, it’s a big deal. From an investor standpoint, this is significant because Google paid $3.2 billion for Nest back in 2014 and hasn’t had much to show for its purchase since. The Nest Cam IQ, as well as other products expected to launch by the end of 2017, suggest its hibernation is over. That’s great news for GOOGL stock. Automation Taking Hold The second seed for my idea comes from a May 25 Los Angeles Times article about Carrier, the Indiana air-conditioning company owned by United Technologies Corporation (NYSE:UTX).  According to the article, Carrier informed the state of Indiana that it would begin layoffs that would result in the transition of 632 jobs from Indianapolis to Mexico, jobs President Trump supposedly saved during the election campaign. Clearly, in addition to many of the president’s obvious flaws, he’s atrocious at math. “Carrier stepped it up, and now they’re keeping over 1,100 people,” Trump told an audience of cheering factory workers last December. “And by the way, that number is going to go up substantially as they expand this area, this plant.” Actually, Donald, 1,400 minus 632 is 768, not 1,100. To make matters worse, the $16 million Trump said could increase the number of jobs saved above 1,100 will reduce it below 768, according to UTX CEO Greg Hayes. “What that [automation] ultimately means is there will be fewer jobs,” Hayes told CNBC’s, Jim Cramer. I’m not sure what this means for GOOGL stock, except that it’s nicely positioned to benefit from automation and artificial intelligence. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/alphabet-inc-googl-crazy-ma-idea-that-could-pay-dividends/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy George Orwell's 1984 was published 68 years ago: Other dystopian novels that now hit home Vladimir Putin cracks the secret to acche din: The answer is to 'not be a woman' Man jokes about being 'stuck on Mars', receives Twitterati's ire for wasting Sushma Swaraj's time Pakistan's top diplomat laughed at for saying there are no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pak UK Election 2017: Rejoice! Dogs at polling stations tell you what's up most commented Renault Lodgy Stepway Edition launches for Rs 9.43 lakhs in India By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HAL and Godrej played a key role in ISRO’s launch of its heaviest rocket, the GSLV MKIII By IANS 1   Comments Lenovo launches Moto Z2 Play in India for Rs 27,999; goes on sale from 15 June on Flipkart By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Lenovo IdeaPad 110 review: Makes for an ideal laptop for the first-time buyer only By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Google With a rise in terror attacks, EU seeks to make it easier to collect electronic evidence from tech firms Google Pixel expected to be the first smartphone to get the Android O update Asus launches Chromebook Flip C213 2-in-1 convertible in India Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google will teach pre-teen children to protect themselves from online troubles   07 Jun 2017 , 08:57 #Google Image: Reuters 0 Google is spearheading an educational campaign to teach pre-teen children how to protect themselves from scams, predators and other trouble. The program announced Tuesday is called “Be Internet Awesome.” Google coordinated the curriculum with several online safety groups, including the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and Connect Safely. The lessons are tailored for kids ranging from eight to 12 years old, a time when many of today’s children are getting their own smartphones and other devices that connect to the internet. To make the experience more fun, Google and its partners developed a game called “Interland” to help teach children about the ins and outs of online safety. Google is encouraging teachers to use elements of its program in their classrooms, too. The Chromebook has gone from a standing start in 2011 to wild popularity in the market for education technology, which tech companies have traditionally viewed as a critical way to win over the next generation of users. In 2016, mobile devices running Alphabet Inc’s Google’s Chrome operating system accounted for 58 percent of the U.S. market for primary and secondary schools, according to Futuresource Consulting. The company also introduced a new code-builder in May 2017  in addition to its Minecraft education edition to help students learn coding skills through the popular game in May 2017. Associated Press Publish date: June 7, 2017 8:57 am| Modified date: June 7, 2017 10:23 am Tags: Be Internet Awesome, bullying, Chromebook, Connect Safely, educational campaign, Family Online Safety Institute, Google, Interland, online safety, online safety groups Also read Google relaunches Contributor to help users browse ad-free pages Google’s virtual assistant is facing widespread outage on ‘Home’ devices X Recommended For You With a rise in terror attacks, EU seeks to make it easier to collect electronic evidence from tech firms Google Pixel expected to be the first smartphone to get the Android O update US tech giants team up to take ‘America’s Pledge’ for Paris Accord WWDC 2017: Apple plays catch-up with rivals Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Tableau Jun 8, 2017 Tableau 10.3 adds data driven alerts, a PDF connector, and a smart recommendations engine #net neutrality Jun 8, 2017 Mozilla, Amazon among others call for Internet-Wide Day of Action to save Net Neutrality #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Facebook Jun 8, 2017 Facebook has decided to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own data centres #AI Jun 8, 2017 AI robot gets below average scores in Chinese university entrance exam #3D printer Jun 8, 2017 Researchers develop self replicating 3D printer that can be used to build an outpost on the Moon SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 0.5 / 10 10 reasons why you need to get the CENTRiC G1 ASAP! Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS Berita hari ini: Kamis, 8 Juni 2017 The wRap Comey testifies on Trump pressure, Russia probe U.S. & Canada SMRC: Pilkada DKI tak mengubah peta politik nasional Berita KPK sayangkan sikap DPR tetap proses hak angket Berita Bulgaria charges 3 after deadly migrant crash Europe Venus Raj earns her master's degree from UP Entertainment News No public apology yet from Aguirre for fake news Inside Track Low pressure area to bring rain to Visayas, Mindanao on Friday #WeatherAlert Congresswoman files resolution over Tabal's exclusion from SEA Games Other Sports Melobi nasib Kendeng hingga ke Megawati Berita View more stories Tech News Apple 'HomePod' speaker to take on Amazon, Google The smart speaker is being framed as a music-centric device that, as Apple VP Phil Schiller describes it, has the 'power to rock the house' Agence France-Presse @afp Published 7:37 AM, June 06, 2017 Updated 5:35 PM, June 06, 2017 SMART SPEAKER. Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller speaks during the Apple Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California on June 5, 2017. Photo by Josh Edelson/AFP CALIFORNIA, USA – Apple on Monday, June 5, unveiled its "HomePod" speaker as it moved to challenge Amazon Alexa and Google Home as a smart home and music hub. HomePod, powered Apple's Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain, the tech giant announced at its annual developers conference. (Read: My favorite from WWDC 2017: an auto-reply feature while user drives) "It's so cool, we really believe it is going to take your home music experience to the next level," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said of the new device. HomePod will be taking on Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have been building momentum in the market for voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. HomePod is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the Siri team at Apple had tuned the assistant into a "musicologist" that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the "power to rock the house," according to Schiller, who said the team worked to make HomePod a potent assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. Playing to strength HomePod capped a keynote presentation at Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference that included updates to its iPad and Mac laptop lines, and upgraded operating software enabling augmented reality for iPhones and iPads. Analysts said Apple is playing to its strength in the music industry by focusing on sound quality and its catalog of songs available on HomePod. "Apple is smart to frame the HomePod as a music-centric and audio-centric device rather than just another smart speaker or another home for Siri," said Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. "The fact that Apple is claiming to marry really great and smart audio with a smart assistant and cloud music service makes this device unique in the market so far." Some industry insiders, however, note that Apple will be under more pressure to improve the computing smarts of its Siri software in the face of offerings from rivals Google and Amazon. Amazon has dominated the category of connected speakers since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods or rides and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6% of the US market, compared with 23.8% for Google Home and 5.6% for others including Lenovo, LG, Harmon Kardon and Mattel. Macs and iPads Cook used the Apple keynote to show off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provide glimpses at coming versions of the software powering the technology titan's devices. Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi said the next Mac operating system will be named "High Sierra" in tribute to the California mountain range. High Sierra features will include being able to stop unexpected videos from starting to play automatically when landing on web pages and "intelligent tracking prevention" that will prevent ads from following people about the internet. High Sierra will be released later this year as a free update, according to Federighi. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple provided a look at an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. The iMac Pro was to begin shipping in December with a starting price of $4,999. Apple told the developers they were overhauling the App Store, giving it a fresh look, and beginning to add the floor plans of shops and airports to its mapping program. Apple also released a software kit so developers could infuse augmented reality into applications for iPhones or iPads. Given the hundreds of millions of Apple mobile devices in use, that will create the largest augmented reality platform in the world "overnight," executives said. – Rappler.com Filed under:High Sierra•HomePod•internet of things•smart speaker•speaker•Apple HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 26° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 46-55 We set you thinking Thursday 8 June 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition IT Show Cameras Gadgets Games Tech Reviews newstream Sports Argentina star Messi’s absence from Singapore game angers local fans 1496906760 Business Wall St. opens little changed; Comey awaited 1496930143 World “Blackface” video in Malaysia blasted on social media 1496930221 World North Korea launches missiles at area where US warships had sailed 1496898120 Business Euro slips as ECB damps down inflation, tapering expectations 1496929352 World UK arrests three as footage of London Bridge attack appears online 1496903745 Business Italy rally soothes Europe's UK election, ECB jitters 1496925587 Business Nordstrom family exploring deal to take retailer private 1496927864 World Ethnic tensions bubble in Nigeria in echo of Biafra civil war 1496928406 Singapore Singapore Zoo’s white tiger, Omar, dies 1496898180 World Food, families and flights: anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar 1496927703 World Tehran blames Saudis for terror attack 1496871060 Business Forestar says D.R. Horton's offer could be superior to Starwood bid 1496927120 World Italian electoral reform deal unravels, markets rally 1496926586 World Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq: ministry 1496926705 Business More upbeat, the ECB signals end to rate cuts 1496927085 World Pakistan says raid on cave hideout stops Islamic State 'foothold' 1496925827 World UAE re-imposes port ban on Qatari-linked oil tankers 1496925755 World Al Jazeera says will keep editorial independence in Gulf dispute 1496925755 World Russia rebuffs Poland's criticism it mishandled 2010 air crash bodies 1496925728 World U.N. expert mission assists Ivory Coast arms cache investigation 1496923803 World Britain drops opposition to new EU military command center 1496925225 Business ECB policy changes came without dissent - Draghi 1496926124 Business ECB's Draghi drops reference to 'downside risks' to economy 1496925711 Business Nissan to make automatic emergency braking standard in one million U.S. cars 1496923405 Business Jobless claims drop; labor market slack shrinking 1496926235 Business Boeing barrels ahead on 787 and 777 cost reductions 1496913339 Business Boeing studies pilotless planes as it ponders next jetliner 1496926512 World May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election 1496876899 Entertainment Peranakan fashion at your fingertips 1496921820 Singapore Plea deal offered to Australian involved in Changi Airport scuffle 1496924220 World Story of mankind rewritten as oldest fossils found 1496925730 Sports Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa 1496924340 China&India Indian teenager tops exams, eschews college to become monk 1496924220 Sports Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson 1496923740 World Chad recalls ambassador from Qatar amid Gulf Arab row 1496922498 World ‘I am doing good’: A Syrian smuggler’s story 1496923027 Singapore More than 2,700 cartons of contraband cigarettes seized from a farm 1496923021 Entertainment Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album 1496922724 Sports Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore 1496920980 World Boko Haram attack on Nigerian city of Maiduguri kills 14 people, say police 1496921084 World Norway Supreme Court turns down mass murderer Breivik's appeal 1496919670 World Kosovo Islamic State commander killed, police and family say 1496918466 World Manchester bomber radicalized in UK in 2015: Tripoli counter-terror force 1496917900 World Somalia's al Shabaab kills 20 soldiers in Puntland attack: officer 1496917390 World Final UK opinion poll shows PM May's Conservatives' lead widening 1496919038 Entertainment Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia 1496920338 World Al Shabaab takes over Somali town, claims killing 61 in military base attack 1496913416 World Australian police to get greater powers to shoot in militant sieges 1496903045 World Bodies, debris found in search for missing Myanmar aircraft 1496904598 Tech Apple wants to rock the market with HomePod, faces challenges A prototype of Apple's new HomePod displayed during the 2017 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference at the San Jose Convention Centre on June 5, 2017 in San Jose, California. Photo: AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:05 AM, June 7, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO — Apple’s new HomePod speaker may be music to the ears of its loyal fans, but how much it can crank up volume in the smart speaker market remains to be heard. Apple unveiled its long-awaited HomePod at its annual developers conference taking place this week in the heart of Silicon Valley, enticing lovers of its products with a high-end offering in a market dominated by lower-priced devices from Amazon and Google. Analysts are yet to be convinced that HomePod will rock the smart speaker market the way iPhones came to rule the smartphone world and iPods dominated MP3 players. “If we are comparing this to Apple’s past successes, it doesn’t fit that model,” said analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. “This product is much more of a me-too offering.” There was no overwhelming differentiation in HomePod, according to the analyst. But he saw a big negative — it is more expensive. HomePod, infused with machine smarts by Siri digital assistant, will be priced at US$349 (S$481) when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain. HomePod will take on Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the Internet and more. Amazon sells Echo devices for US$179, and smaller “Dot” versions for US$50. Google sells Home for US$180, promoting the smart speakers with discounts. HOMEPOD’S TUNE Apple played up the rich speaker quality of HomePod, and synched it with the company’s music service that boasts 27 million subscribers. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company’s Siri team tuned the virtual assistant as a “musicologist” that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the Internet cloud. The speaker has the “power to rock the house,” according to Mr Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a voice-commanded assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. “Apple’s base should like it, because they are committed to the ecosystem,” Mr Enderle said of HomePod. “If you are paying the extra money because Apple is requiring you to do so to access your stuff, that is the Apple tax and it is the kind of thing that people don’t like.” HomePod combined elements of Echo and Sonos smart speakers, known for rich sound quality, according to Reticle Research principal analyst Ross Rubin. Apple lovers already tend to be “premium product buyers”, and may not flinch at paying more for what they believe is a superior quality product, said Gartner analyst Brian Blau. JUST A GLIMPSE Mr Blau suspected Apple only gave a glimpse at its vision for HomePod, noting its potential to be a command centre for smart houses and to mesh with iPhones, iPads, online services and more. “We have to imagine there is going to be more there,” Mr Blau said. “Is it going to be an Echo killer? A Google Home killer? We are going to have to wait and see. Apple be saving some insights into HomePod for later this year when it is expected to unveil a tenth-anniversary edition of the iPhone. Since HomePod will not hit the market until December, it is unlikely to catch much of the year-end holiday shopping wave and post big sales this year, according to Mr Blau. “I think, over time, they are going to do just fine in this category but it is going to take a while,” the analyst said. “I don’t think it will be the next iPhone,” Mr Blau said of HomePod, “but, Apple could gain share and be a leader.” In a blog post Technalysis Research founder Bob O’Donnell depicted Apple’s latest product news as an affirmation that the company has not fallen behind competitors and is working to take advantage of potentially exciting new technologies. But Mr O’Donnell also expressed scepticism on Apple’s ability to dominate this new segment. “Yes, some songs may sound pleasing, but for true audiophiles who actually want to hear what the artist and producer intended, Apple’s positioning of the HomePod as super high-quality speaker is going to be a very tough sell,” Mr O’Donnell said in a blog post. AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Tech READ COMMENTED ‘Smart’ solar palm trees power Wi-Fi, phones in Dubai ‘Sextortion’, a new cyber crime, is common: Study ‘PCs will not go away in the next five or 10 years’ ‘PCs not dead yet’ ‘MyShake’ app, a personal tsunami warning system Work and play with Microsoft US might expand laptop ban to 71 airports: Homeland security So your phone ran out of juice. Here are the top chargers for it. Peranakan fashion at your fingertips More style and substance from Acer Apple wants to rock the market with HomePod, faces challenges Apple unveils HomePod speaker, taking on Amazon and Google Inside Today World “Blackface” video in Malaysia blasted on social media Ethnic tensions bubble in Nigeria in echo of Biafra civil war Food, families and flights: anxiety and confusion descend on Qatar Iran attackers fought for Islamic State in Syria, Iraq: ministry Italian electoral reform deal unravels, markets rally Business Wall St. opens little changed; Comey awaited Euro slips as ECB damps down inflation, tapering expectations Nordstrom family exploring deal to take retailer private Forestar says D.R. Horton's offer could be superior to Starwood bid More upbeat, the ECB signals end to rate cuts Sports Conte says I am not in his plans next season: Diego Costa Manchester City sign Brazilian keeper Ederson Family carnival and clinics to kickstart ICC football activities in Singapore Argentina star Messi’s absence from Singapore game angers local fans Foreign talent scheme ‘can help Lions roar again’ Entertainment Chuck Berry revisits youth in posthumous album Peranakan fashion at your fingertips Wonder Woman banned in yet another country — Tunisia Movie review: The Mummy George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Ella and Alexander About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Android O Developer Preview 2 gets a small bump to OPP2.170420.019, fixes Android Pay but isn't installing on many Nexus devices [Update] Richard Gao Follow View All Posts 2017/05/18 6:32pm PDTMay 18, 2017 42 Plus 1 on G+ 102 Share on Facebook 48 Share on Twitter Total Shares192 Android O Android OS Google News Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Nexus Player Pixel Pixel XL Update 1: 2017/05/20 9:18am PDT Google is now sending out a full OTA, measuring in at around 1GB, to Nexus devices that were unable to update due to the incremental flash fail. Additionally, 0.019 factory Android O's second developer preview was only released yesterday, but Google has already released an update for it. We're getting bombarded with tips from readers with Nexus and Pixel devices alike. This update reportedly somewhat fixes Android Pay, which did not open at all on yesterday's version. However, it appears that Nexus devices are having trouble updating. This OTA bumps the version number to OPP2.170420.019 and is weighing in at anywhere between 38.8 and 55.9MB, depending on which Google device you have. One tipster informed us that Pay is no longer throwing him an 'unsupported in this build' message and shows him a normal screen with his cards, but hasn't tested whether they're working or not. It appears that Pay has been fixed via a server-side update, which is why some people who have had trouble updating their Nexuses can now use the Pay app.   A rare, successful install on a Nexus 6P. While the update seems to be installing just fine on Pixel and Pixel XL devices, a majority of owners with Nexus devices appear to be having some trouble. From what we can tell, units of Nexus 5X and 6P smartphones, as well as the Nexus Player, are throwing errors and showing the dead Android logo in recovery. After a hard reboot, the devices are booting up fine, but they remain on yesterday's OPP2.170420.017 build. One user is claiming that Android Pay has begun working for his 6P, despite the install appearing to fail. However, there are users successfully updating their 6Ps to the 0.019 build. (update: It looks like those who flashed the O factory image are updating without issue, while those who took the OTA from Nougat are struggling. This is due to devices that updated from Nougat via OTA retaining the 7.1.2 build fingerprint. Flashing the factory image and then taking the OTA should get the update to work.) Factory image and OTA downloads are not yet available. An official post in the Android Beta Program Google+ page states that the update will hit all devices currently enrolled in the preview within the next few hours, but given the installation failures that Nexus devices are seeing, it's likely to be halted. We'll update this post with more information when we get it. Update 1: 2017/05/20 9:18am PDT Google is now sending out a full OTA, measuring in at around 1GB, to Nexus devices that were unable to update due to the incremental flash fail. Additionally, 0.019 factory and OTA images are now available to download. End of Update Source: Android Beta Program (Google+) Thanks: Everyone who sent this in Tags android o android o dp2 Android Pay developer preview dp2 nexus 5x nexus 6p nexus player ota pixel pixel xl update subscribe ... Previous Story Android O Dev Preview 2 swaps around WiFi and cellular status icons for some reason ... Next Story Android O feature spotlight: Apps can finally capture the mouse pointer Trending 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Darius Burgess My notification dots stopped appearing after this update. Dirge Not the ugly, ugly dots! No! Trooper311 Have not noticed that myself. Tiuri Elvander They never appeared for me in the first place. Do you know which apps support them?? Leroy You have to enable the special permissions, under apps& notifications Maxime Labrecque-Raymond Where exactly? do you have a screenshot ? Tiuri Elvander If I go to Settings > Apps & Notifications > App Info, and select Gmail (because it's often shown to support dots in screenshots), Then I go to App notifications and Badge app icon is switched on, yet none appear. Is there a different setting somewhere that I've missed??? Ah, just saw another reply. It's pixel launcher only :( Laraib Zafar Khan Is the notification dot only for pixel launcher? Tr3ple Yes Daniel Grobe I have pixel launcher on my nexus 5x, the dots dont work for me.. nor does the picture in picture. Dirge Installed fine on my Pixel; Won't install on my Nexus Player. vwnut13 Does Hulu open on your Nexus Player? Dirge I don't use Hulu so I don't know. Kyle Anyone having scrambled audio when playing videos? Usually within Facebook or streamable videos. Julian Berger Yes I have it when playing Youtube videos in chrome maestro PL Installed fine on my 6P. Android Pay enabled OkieDokie This small OTA failed to install for me twice (Nexus 6P) 2 Men-E Thanks for the update on the update... My Nexus 6P and I await good news... vwnut13 Had to revert on my Nexus player, as the update broke Hulu. On second thought, wonder if it has anything to do with my unlocked bootloader... Nexus✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Remember folks this software isn't ready for a daily driver yet. They say so themselves. Consider yourself lucky if your using it and they fix stuff like android pay. Also do not forget to unlock your bootloader if you are using the beta. If you do not unlock the bootloader and the beta on your phone goes south you can not use your computer to fix your phone and restore it. Period. The only fix is to send it in. You can re lock the bootloader after the final stable builds are released. Carson Saldanha Wow, thanks for that second part. Didn't think about that. 👍 Dn Bro I disagree with the bootloader thing. I think if they are sending out fixes to Android Pay, they actually want the bootloaders locked. Also, I would say that at the very least, make sure you go into deveopler settings and allow unlocking. That way, you can at least still unlock your phone if it won't boot. Matty032 Is that the USB Debugging option? Dn Bro No it's oem unlocking option https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e5b64da4b008176fb08c064f9e16566252aa48001e2ccb59231062d5af2a2dd4.png ZettabyteGamer I'm using it as my daily and while it has only been one day it has been pretty solid for me. It's in beta, I think it is ready for daily driver use for people who are okay with minor hiccups here and there. Martial Clausse I don't think it's ready yet. Lots of apps are crashing, including inbox and Google search... Joshua Lillis The only app that FC on me is Samsung pay, smooth sailing for me. Martial Clausse Out of curiosity, which device are you using ? And did you update through the OTA or flashed the factory image ? Joshua Lillis I have the pixel XL, I enrolled in the beta program and took two ota, one from nougat to o and then the .019 OTA. SomeGuy112 Seems pretty stable on my Pixel XL. The Pixel performance lead at Google said the Beta is pretty stable on Twitter recently but maybe that's only for the Pixel version. https://mobile.twitter.com/t_murray/status/864927591274127360 Martial Clausse After a day or two, all the crashes seem to have gone away automagically... It was bad, I couldn't read my emails and so on, but now everything works... So I'll keep this as a daily driver :) Laraib Zafar Khan Apple music is FC too BrandoHD This information isn't correct, you can flash official factory images with a locked bootloader ZettabyteGamer I hope you didn't mean to reply to me, because I never said anything about a bootloader. Joshua Lillis I think he meant to reply to Nexus 2 Men-E I don't use Android Pay, but I do notice the signal will drop for extensive periods of time on my Nexus 6P... Most stuff is running "okay", though... LALO Everything works fine on my Google Pixel. Surprisingly no apps have crashed since I updated. blackeyeX2 On my 6P, I have had more FC's and freezing than I did on the Alpha preview. boop Looks like it comes with the new Assistant features (or maybe I just got them at the same time). Dirge You got them the same time. It is a server side switch. . Carlos Rodríguez The OTA fails because the recovery has an old build fingerprint from 7.1.2, so the installer fails. You can try to install the OTA many times and it will fail. When you get the error, press Power + Volume Up to see the actual error, then you can safely reboot from there. The solution is to sideload the full DP2 OTA from here (https://developer.android.com/preview/download-ota.html ) or the factory image from here (https://developer.android.com/preview/download.html ) and then you can install the small OTA. Cheers! Peter Good work sir. Thanks for the info. Richard Gao Thanks for letting us know. I've added this to the post. Mike Arnett Stupid question: the OTA on my phone to this was 55mb, but the OTA package is 1GB. Is this the full image, and will it wipe all my data? Carlos Rodríguez The full OTA shouldn't wipe the device, make a backup just in case. blackeyeX2 The 55mb one was an update to the full (1GB) released yesterday. bobfrealy Per Carlos R.'s suggestion, after having registered for beta, taking 017 ota, failing with E3001 error on 019 ota, I downloaded and sideloaded the 017 ota. now the 019 system update notification is nowhere to be found. any idea on how to get that back? just wait? meanwhile recover still shows 7.1.2, and Android Pay seems to be running fine. Carlos Rodríguez After some minutes the update should show up. Check for updates. It eventually appeared for me the 3 times it failed to install. bobfrealy yep, it showed back up. and still failed (that's why i mentioned my recovery version, most likely the issue). will likely have to do full image. better to have a full clean install, just a pain with much setup to do afterward. blackeyeX2 Google Pay. My update failed, but Android Pay is now working anyways. Zikaeroh This didn't work for me. After sideloading the update and trying to install the OTA, I get the same error. I'd simply flash just the recovery image from the factory image, but I'm not OEM unlocked. :( Carlos Rodríguez Indeed. The only solution is to unlock the bootloader and flash the DP2 recovery. I guess we're screwed until google does something. Paige Turner I'am freelancing using the web, performing basic jobs that requires from you personal pc or alternatively laptop and additionally internet service access and so I couldn't be more satisfied... 6 months have passed by when i started off this and also i profited up to now overall 36,000 dollars... Basically i profit almost $80/hourly and work for 3 to 4 h everyday.And superb point regarding this work is that you can actually decide when to work yourself as well as for how long and you are compensated at the end of each week.>>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Flint_PS 017 OTA sideload doesn't work, I got the error again Fernando Pena So, I decided to start from scratch and flashed the factory image, following updating the .19 OTA. Everything went just fine and I was able to boot the device and restore my backup. Then I started to install/update my apps and noticed that Google App isn't updating, the app keeps refusing to update even downloading the latest APK from apkmirror. It's currently stuck at version 6.16 and this sucks because assistant is not working. Play store doesn't show any updates even if I apply for Google app beta. I don't know what to do, I would appreciate some help... Tyler Shaw Same issue! Have you figured out a solution? Fernando Pena Yes. Let me paste what I posted on g+: "Here's what I did and worked perfect for me: 1) Flashed 7.1.2 factory image. 2) Locked bootloader and updated all the apps. 3) Downloaded and installed the 1gb OTA. 4) Profit! You need to lock the bootloader right after restoring 7.1.2, before​ updating to O, not after. If you do the opposite, you'll end up with the unupdatable apps..." I mention locking the bootloader because you need to do that if you want android pay, ignore that if yoir bootloader is not unlocked or you don't care about android pay... blackeyeX2 The updated images ending 19 are not available yet, the ones posted are still 17. So OTA is only option for now. JC I was getting the same error. It never successfully installed on my nexus 5x. Dn Bro So I did the OTA yesterday on my Nexus 6P, got the Android Pay is unsupported, as was the case. Today, tried this update, it failed, but now when I open the android pay it shows my cards like normal. Not sure if they work, but there you go. Nate Hallett I'm still on the .017 build from yesterday on my Pixel XL, I took the beta OTA and have opened & used Android Pay without a problem. I don't understand why so many people don't have Android Pay enabled on yesterday's build, even with the N Preview they enabled Android Pay so why would it be different this time around? I'm currently waiting for the .019 OTA to finish installing, I'll update my comment with the results. nxtiak I'm on 017 on my XL and I just opened Android Pay and it said it's not enabled in this preview. Installing 019 now. lomsha It's only toward the end that pay was enabled on n previews, not from the start. Frisi Started installing on my Pixel XL. After step 1 was done, it restarted. Still on .017. Thing is, it started step 2 but it hangs here. Andeoid Pay now works, though. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/721d0f338ee7cfe4ff4a19f06d55c9318dd4fa5e7be02f24d9f4befb5eff7b14.png Frisi Well, it started moving after I posted this. I don't know what's causing it to take that long. daburghit It failed for me on a Nexus 5X but I can secondarily confirm that Android Pay works post-failure on the 17 build. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7c5c1a621e6af03a2092437d0a84552a7cb821509966e5f48c9bdb8ce2a19af5.png Anthony Castanza Android Pay started loading again for me *without* installing this update. It appears to be a server side fix and not directly related to this build. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/bca05de36f641e9afb90773dd4129e37cd5eee46791485bab34ec82e2c423f39.png Chris Thurber Same for me as well except on a 6P! JeffCO Just updated on the XL and Android Pay which was not working earlier now comes up. Haven't tried to use it. Bizziet I was hoping it fixed the now broken MMS issue in messages! Try to add a picture and the whole messages app freezes. Pixel XL on T-mobile. ZettabyteGamer Just updated my XL and when I go to add a new card to Android Pay I get "Android Pay can't be used on this device" So it isnt fixed for me atleast. Lucas Araujo It seems that the update has been pulled. My N5X had the same problem while applying the update and it is not showing in the updates anymore. My Android version still at *.017. Also, after update failure, my google photos app lost its icon and ir showing a generic Android Robot icon. bobfrealy My Photos app icon had this problem immediately after taking 017 ota. reboot; clear cache; etc, re-install app, nothing restored icon. :( doesn't matter now as i'm likely full 017 flashing. blackeyeX2 I disabled the app (which then uninstalled app to original version), then it updated and Icon is back to normal!! Just wiping the cache will not work. blackeyeX2 It's not pulled. It will show up again in your notifications in 30 min, or so. I've tried it a couple of times and each time it reappears after some time. JohnyNoLegs Quality google. Brian Sandoval Not sure if anyone had this issue after update on 6P? I have a hidden network for my wifi and device once updated will no longer connect to it. Ján “Johnny” Valentík This new build fixed for me Google Play Music inside Android Auto on my Pixel XL. In 0.17 I couldn't play any music nor the widget with controls would show... Mattsus The OTA update worked for me this morning(UK time), this is coming directly from an OTA update from Nougat to O Dev Preview 2, can confirm Android Pay now works. neon tiger Have you tried actually using it or just opening the app ? Mattsus I've tried both opening the app, adding new card details as old one expired yesterday, and using it against several terminals. Can confirm no issues thus far. Before update, opening the app wouldn't work but was able to pay using it no problem at all. Joshua Lillis I guess I'm lucky, took the beta OTA from 7.1.2, and now took the .019 OTA just fine. Couldn't flash a factory image if I wanted to, damn Verizon. mieszk3 Nexus 5X 019 OTA: https://android.googleapis.com/packages/ota-api/google_bullhead_bullhead/44bdd4f9967717bad5ef82a54c1dbf2c1ba92fa1.zip Rowan I tried to install it today on my Nexus 6p and a error message came up. I thought it was about to start boot looping but it turned on minutes later to my releif Besnik Rrustemi It worked for me on my Nexus 6P. But maybe it is because i was on 7.1.2 and updated to DP2 the moment they announced it on live Google I/O (0.17 build) and after the first update the 0.19 installed without problem, So maybe the issue is updating directly from 7.1.2 to DP2 0.19 ? jon Hutchinson The update failed on my Nexus 6p. Though android pay began to work. Double edge sword though I'm glad my android pay is restored. I'm still on 0.17. Updated over OTA and even for a factory reset while on Android o. iftekhar bongo my nexus 5x showing error while installing upate... any solution? Leroy This latest build seems to cause problems with safetynet. Stock phones are registered as 'uncertified' in the play store and Android pay doesn't work because the devices are rooted, only they're not.. Small OTA received over the beta factory images on 5X.. Device is marked as uncertified now lol https://www.reddit.com/r/AndroidPreviews/comments/6c0bsg/small_ota_received_over_the_beta_factory_images/ neon tiger Yeah my banking app won't let me use fingerprint login because of this. Leroy Yeah it's really annoying. Hopefully they can fix it on their end without. Would be a shame is we have to reflash 017 build or wait for next OTA to fix it. compuguy1088 Same here on the PixelXL. I'm sure they will update SafetyNet soon enough to fix this. wickets So, next question....when are they fixing PIP?? :) Ernie My Nexus 6p also got an error trying to update from . 17 to. 19 as well. Cache wipe didn't solve the problem either. Any other tricks? Alex Kruger I installed the update via OTA on my Pixel XL, now I can open Android Pay, but I can't add any cards because it thinks my bootloader is unlocked. It's not, I've done everything through the official OTA channel. nextelnutt I received the update and got the dead Android error. However, my build number did indicate .019, then 25 minutes ago, I noticed the update was available again for my 6P. So I downloaded and installed again and device restarted fine. As for Android Pay, I will try it when I am out shopping today. Robert Macdonald Play store now showing as uncertified, Android pay loads but says cannot be used. Otherwise it installed just fine on my pixel. Andreas Constantinides 6p here, got the issue. JoeInMO On my Pixel XL I get "Android Pay can't be used on this device." I'm not rooted or bootloader unlocked. I never had Pay set up before. Matty032 I have the same error. Maxime Labrecque-Raymond Got the issue and my DOTs dosen't work Nexus 6P blacleyeX2 The OTA Nexus 6P failed, but I can confirm that Android Pay is now working and I have used it for a transaction. Not sure how that worked, any ideas? Marty Got the error. 6P. blacleyeX2 The available images are only for the images ending 17 and not the new 19, so we can't side load yet. mieszk3 All of you with unlocked bootloader -> manually flash via fastboot: bootloader, boot, radio and recovery and then 019 OTA will work. (Probably only bootloader is necessary). Marty Firmware not available yet. mieszk3 Use 017 version, then sideload 019 OTA Marty "Factory image and OTA downloads are not yet available." mieszk3 Nexus 5X 017->019 OTA: https://disq.us/url?url=https%3A%2F%2Fandroid.googleapis.com%2Fpackages%2Fota-api%2Fgoogle_bullhead_bullhead%2F44bdd4f9967717bad5ef82a54c1dbf2c1ba92fa1.zip%3AgIXISwZNuhjf2FlMgjO4Va15Lr0&cuid=1370072 Firmwares: https://developer.android.com/preview/download.html Marty I was just contrasting what you said with what the article said. I'm not desperate to update my 6P. I don't use it anymore. Ultra Sage My nexus 5x worked fine for the first few hours. Then when this update came out, I tried installing it but my phone kept on crashing and restarting after every few minutes. It was not bootloop since I could receive calls, but if I opened anything else, then it would crash and restart. I finally managed to use terminal to unlock the boot loader and restore nougat factory image, since the OTA download would stall the screen, and it would restart. I was a beta tester for Nougat, but this was a bad experience. Kris Fannin Same issue with my Nexus 6P. Update fails. Just another data point for you and thanks for the information. ctk4949 I was about to switch back to my Pixel XL from my S8+. But when I tried connecting my Gear S3 watch, it wouldn't open the app. It force closes each time. :( Matt McNair After the update Android Pay will launch but I just tried to pay with it and I get a message stating that my Pixel XL isn't eligible. Had to pull out the ole wallet. StW I tried to apply this update twice on my Nexus 6P but each time the updated failed near the beginning of the install. However, yesterday Android Pay was not working (unsupported developer version message) but today, even though the install failed, Android Pay works. Cael Android Pay works on my Pixel XL after receiving this update. Ernie I think Google might have pulled the . 19 update for the Nexus 6p. I haven't gotten a notification for the update for almost 2 hours now. EnerJi I still have a notification pending on my Nexus 5X. I wonder if that means it's been fixed on the 5X? I've been holding off on trying it until I see some folks confirm that it works for people who OTAd from 7.1.2. Matty032 At first I got the root error with Android pay. But, I cleared cache and then restarted the phone. I was then able to complete the transaction. Works now. That's after Google Chat Support told me it wouldn't work with O. LOL Ian Kumlien 019 ota is up and will apply on a 017 Android O OTA (as in N -> O) phone via ADB sideload Guilherme Noronha Just got the update notification again after failing​ to install this morning. The version is the same, but now it's a 1047MB download. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9000c49c9403d0d934b43f20e78a43675548972a522f62b370ca9822f5b69643.png Guilherme Noronha Just installed the 1047MB OTA. It installed successfully and build number went up to .019 OkieDokie Awesome news. My 6P is downloading a much bigger .019 OTA as well, this time it is 1053.3 MB so hopefully this one works like it did for your 5X. satyendra karn It is working now. For my Nexus 6P, Installation​ size got changed from 55 mb to 1053.3 mb for build no .019. Dr Maario For me, the update cost 1053,3MB RobVdm I got the small update yesterday and it didn't install. Just now I received a bigger one (1GB). Hopefully this will fix it. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7aac1aa45ceac04c15cf1394c549307120b4151768e693d068d79f759450192e.png Domingos Ferreira Re appeared for my 6p but the size now if of 1053.3 MB Domingos Ferreira And installed correctly.. but was way too fast to be a 1gb update.. weird Jer (on Pixel XL) : no troubles installing, but that's the end of the good news. Really want to undo this. Google App crashes, Music crashes, Casting/Google Home crashes.. Actually anything using Bluetooth may crash. The Assistant freezes like a deer in the headlights with an actionable command (such as "ok Google, send text to XYZ...). Basically I've had a hell of an experience. Oh- just remembered, I had to disable native Messages and go to a different SMS app when I discovered that MMS froze that as well. Thus, right now, I may as well be using a Droid Razr. Patel Nisha Obviously being beta it ain't perfect, but is it usable? As in, would my phone work for the most part fine with this just expect some bugs? Mitchell I just installed the beta today and I am on US Cellular and I have absolutly no data connectivity. I double checked all APN and carrier settings and just getting no data. I flashed back to general release channel and my data connection was back. I then flashed back to the beta release 2 and again no data for me. Anyone else have a similar issue? Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 124 queries | 0.477s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Tech Transformers Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Cybersecurity Tech Guide US tech firms should keep trying to crack China, trade body says Gary Shapiro, CEO of the Consumer Technology Association, said there are "challenges" for U.S. tech firms trying to get into China, but ultimately it's "worth it". Some companies like Netflix have said that entering the Chinese market is off the table in the near term. Shapiro said the political relationship between the U.S. and China is better than people had expected. Arjun Kharpal | @ArjunKharpal Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 8:27 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters 'Smart everything' at CES Asia    Tuesday, 6 Jun 2017 | 9:13 PM ET | 02:23 U.S. technology companies like Facebook and Google should still keep trying to get into China despite censorship and other challenges because the rewards could be big, the head of a trade body told CNBC on Wednesday. Many American technology firms have struggled in China. Facebook and Google are both banned under the censorship regime in the world's second-largest economy. Gary Shapiro, president and CEO of the Consumer Technology Association, which represents 2,200 firms, made the comments as the annual Consumer Electronics Show Asia kicked off. CES is held in Las Vegas every year and showcases the latest gadgets and technology. But the organization also holds an event in Asia, which is now in its third year. "There are challenges … there is still major censorship that goes on here. But if you can get into the market, if you could get the partner, if you can understand the rather vague and ambiguous market, you have a huge market of 1.4 billion people and a lot of them are middle and upper class," Shapiro told CNBC. Some U.S. technology firms have publicly said China is not a market they are focusing all their efforts on in the short-term. Reed Hastings, CEO of Netflix, told CNBC in May that China was "off the table for the next couple of years." Yet despite the challenges, there are definitely rewards. "It is tough to get in this market, but it's worth it," Shapiro said. The CTA head discussed the relationship between the U.S. and Chinese governments and said there is a "much better relationship" than anyone thought there would be after the anti-Chinese rhetoric during last year's election campaign. Then-candidate Donald Trump had threatened to brand China as a currency manipulator, but his administration has since backed away from that label. Peter Foley/Bloomberg | Getty Images Facebook and Google logos While China has often made it difficult for foreign companies to operate in the country, Shapiro said that when Beijing negotiates with the likes of Trump, it may have to give concessions. "Well I think what the Chinese government is going to face, especially against administrations like the Trump administration is a concept that there is a little bit of parity, which is necessary, looking at trade deals and relationships that are fair on both sides," Shapiro told CNBC. But ultimately, Shapiro said companies would continue to try and break into China despite any politics. "I think the seduction of China is the big market and politics will just have to play out as it plays out, but it is so large, so fast and so growing and so important that every major tech company wants to be here," Shapiro said. CES Asia is taking place from Wednesday to Friday and will see major technology firms such as Chinese smartphone maker Huawei exhibiting their latest products. Auto firms are also expected to have a big presence with artificial intelligence, robots and virtual reality all taking center stage. Arjun KharpalTechnology Correspondent Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- FB --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 120 Plus 1 on G+ 202 Share on Facebook 44 Share on Twitter Total Shares366 Applications Polls The Google account dashboard is a pretty cool way to see what's going on with your Google account, and the last time we ran a poll utilizing stats from it, we asked you how many apps Google thought you'd installed to your various devices. This week, we're doing Google Photos. To see how many Photos are synced to your Google Photos account, just head to https://myaccount.google.com/dashboard and scroll down until your see the entry for Photos, as shown below. So, how many photos are synced to your account? I'm at a little over 8,000 at this time, and that honestly doesn't seem like a lot to me (my Lightroom catalog contains over twice as many). I'll be curious to see how many of your break into the five-figure ranges. How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Tags google+ photos photos sidebar-poll weekend poll subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Buy a Daydream View from the Google Store and get $25 of Google Play credit Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Corbin Davenport 8,785 photos - pretty much everything I've taken since mid-2012. Boolean Corporation the trick is to plug your iPhotos Library to the desktop uploader and see the magic happen. I have my Canon and SONY photos up there as well. ZettabyteGamer 6,002 photos Jes Marwaha 3.5k, since like 2014ish rndusrnm479461 Surprised that mine rose to 23k. Used to be 15k not long ago. Liam Clifford 17,017 Iwanova > 7k photos backup from blackberry until now yippiedad 78,693 Danyel Gustavo Just copy/paste of the question I made to another user: does having that many pics saved to your Google Photos slows down or makes the app lag in any way? I have the impression that after I backed up my photos, the app takes longer to open. Barron Roth Yes, I've got 500k in Google Photos and it can be unbearably slow. makapav 55K and no it's not slow for me on my Pixel XL or Chrome on Windows. Danyel Gustavo I currently have 5k photos from my phone uploaded. I was thinking about uploading all my 15k photos taken with my camera. Alvar Lagerlof That will be no problem Michael Zinfandel Rork Not in the slightest. Hardly any of those are on my phone, and when on the web it's purely cloud based so it only loads what you are looking at. There is absolutely no lag from having more images in Google Photos. Level380 at 55k its not slow at all, searching is still fast. yippiedad Nope, I haven't noticed any lag. Victoria I have 15500 photos backed up and it's not slow in the least, still blazing fast. icethegreat 40k woohoo vmxr lower than 10 lol Liam Spradlin 55,207 photos 👀 vmxr are you trying to map the world 👀 Calvin Mccoy I get the job done from comfort of my home, with the help of hassle-free gigs that only takes from you a Desktop computer system in addition to web connection and I am also pleased than before... After half a year with this career and therefore i obtained cash in sum Thirty six Thousand us dollars... Ordinarily I make up approximate to eighty bucks/h and work for three to four hours every single day.And excellent point about this task is the fact that you can supervise time and effort whenever you work and for just how long as you may like and you attain a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Boolean Corporation 57,382... noob. :P Boolean Corporation The creepy thing is that it has recognized photo locations without having GPS data in my camera photos. Robert Porter If you have Google maps tracking your location it can go off of that too vidvox That was the craziest thing about using my DSLR on a trip through Texas last year, looking at the photos online and seeing the correct GPS location on them! Tyler Humphreys My mom had some pictures of Siberia, California and Google Photos thought they were from Russia, just from an album named "Siberia". chacalau 62,000 ish keltypack I have over 66,800 photos on Google Rob 54,857..... Both of you beat me! :P Đức Thành I feel small on here with just under 48.600 photos. But to be fair, my Nexus 5's relatively mediocre camera does diminish the frequency of my photo-taking whims a bit. I feel like this would be a different story if I had something like the Pixel or Nexus 6P, or even the Nexus 5X instead. LightofHonor Beat me. 50,866 smonkeyhouse Albums: 4,166; Photos‌: 249,245 Jerry Suppan Wow!　And I thought I had too many at 51,000+. Well, I guess we can store our entire life from birth if if we include pre-digital era scanned photos. (^J^) Đức Thành That is a creepy thought but somehow I find it kind of exciting as well. Imagine storing all of our memories, thoughts and emotions on the cloud. Victor A backup of met-art archives? 😁 Danyel Gustavo Does having that many pics saved to your Google Photos slows down or makes the app lag in any way? I have the impression that after I backed up my photos, the app takes longer to open. Liam Spradlin Doesn't seem to make the app lag. Of course if I scroll back a really long way it'll take a sec for the photos to all load in, but otherwise things seem fine. Teja How to check the exact count? Luqmaan Mathee "To see how many Photos are synced to your Google Photos account, just head to https://myaccount.google.com/dashboard and scroll down until your see the entry for Photos, as shown below." It's in the article. Teja Oops, missed that. Its 51,929 photos. :D Carl Draper Photos does not appear for me on that page Margaritas Ante Porcos omg! are breaking films into frames and then upload? lol Kenni Odelheim I said 20-40 as a guess, but it was 46k I found out afterwards... jesus man.. I snap alot :D sssgadget ~15000 Booyabobby 3075 Paul_Werner 26,263 photos currently dcdttu 47,793. I used the photos uploader on my desktop. Lexxior what happens if you do? dcdttu It uploads pictures. Jorim Tielemans 78,533 photo's, that's only 3 times the amount of my bookmarks 🤐 maybe that would be a cool poll for next weekend. Lexxior wtf 20000+ bookmarks?! Wis Zero. makapav My condolences. matteventu 1543. I'm not a big shooter. But I don't understand how they count "Albums"... I'm sure I don't have 464 albums lol (just 4-5 actually). Antoine Martin Every link you share creates a hidden album nagi 71,234... yes, I shoot a lot. Nathaniel V Stupid question. Why is the album count so high? I think I've only got about 40 albums. Ruddock's looks the same... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3b938bcf21775e44a09d96b5f066996b5222174f26d73027381a6cbf127a6ce8.png Sean It probably includes the auto-generated "this day x years ago" albums and such Lars Jeppesen Also I think it includes "shared" stuff makapav All those Hangouts albums from Picasaweb in the background that are probably hidden in Google Photos. Morten Ulv Yep, this is the correct answer. You could see them in Picasaweb. One for each day. Tomáš Petrík I have almost that many albums with less than half the photos. Bryan Mine says 577 albums, but if i click the arrow to expand it, it only shows 3 (which is correct) Hexlattice Yeah, it makes a shared album every time you share even just one photo with a person... Kinda why I prefer sharing a photo via Hangouts or some other means. I don't like the clutter it makes in my albums. senor_heisenberg Under a thousand. whispy_snippet 11,049 Dominic Labbé Well.... 99042... 😮 Got my first digital camera in December 1999. BigTurk Beat me by almost 2000! I got my first digital camera in 2002. Kudos to you haha Richard Riker 13,148 Shaunak Guharay 18,679 . I expected it to be somewhere around 5000, but holy shit JW 12k Joshua Ferguson 61K, I've slowed down over the last couple of years Simps 11,222 photo's and 959 albums that I have not created. Boolean Corporation Also, people like to share their sites with me... it appears... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fbf6c5a8bcd2762fb0751916cddfc1c30c07e67b2f9bc325f16d5e39a091d222.png Stoffers I've also had 1,648,103 shared with my 2 sites. Boolean Corporation So it must be the total amount of public Google Sites out there. Dn Bro I have 8,973,294...I'm not really sure where they are. exadeci https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3db3521ceda62f5bd4e638a39d5ae74f7f04e770dc7485d7a198f8b445df4f99.png Anand Slightly higher than your count ;). What are these sites??? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/be13189cca9396d4e74c49fdc6aecbbbd4492ec5084d30989724d23a522efbbe.png Captain_Invisible 8.973.487 here 😲 Andrew Bone Just beat you 😉 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/707765784503bfaf20d2fe1327e82cdb628e443e39d108a823b2ddff6dd7e04f.png Roderick Gadellaa 8,973,436 :P Vasilj Milošević Nearly 4M over here. WTF? Where are those sites? Anthony https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a438430be5924c8714c16e394b9f093c1241bebf635d0d22be1752a0267c8d77.png Cheesespix Not a single :) I don't save my photos online. Corey Kinard Here, have a 🍪 Phil Miller Do you hide them under your mattress? BigTurk 97,222 :O Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher I don't have Photos listed! But I estimate around 250,000-300,000 photos. Makes Photos on my phone practically unsuable, somehow Google Photos insists keeping all thumbnails in internal memory which takes up 2-3GB of space. Photos uses up all the battery of my phone if I enable the app :-( dsDoan All of my photos are synced with Google Photos, but I don't take many photos, so it's under 1,000. Jason Brian Chapa 35,445 Maxr1998 Only slightly above 2500 pictures, that's​ everything I took in the last five years. I don't take many pictures, but that's also because I'm very selective with my images - I remove most "duplicates"/alternative photos which aren't that good and only keep the best images. Bryan How does the album count work? I've only made 3 albums but it says i have 577 albums. App Shah 65K + https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4077abf057824ff03b40189ea40058cc9fdea8e6160c0bcbde23fbeaaac30a52.png Martins Nkem I've got over 2200 photos mostly photos from my picasa album and photos i uploaded to Google drive about 3 years ago. I prefer not to use cloud storage for photos any more. Richard Markert Under 100, lol. Try under 10. I don't use Photos. VAVAMk_2 Over 1700...I need to take more photos I guess. Laurentiu 27,809 SchmilK EnHaggen Just under 200,000 photos over here. Took 6 days to upload my entire photo library via desktop app. Everything I've shot with my DSLR and phones over the past 13 years. Phil Miller 42 photos a day? Do you even have time to sleep? SchmilK EnHaggen I shoot a lot of bursts, plus it's a mix of me, my wife, and my 2 kids phones all synching to the same account (granted the oldest is only 7, but she has been know to take 42 pictures of a TV show lol) Vasilj Milošević 52.832 photos 3.784 albums :D Image upload bugs for me on disqus, so here's imgur link: http://imgur.com/a/qY6gw Jeffrey Heesch Only 7,770 for the time being, but I just recently got myself a DSLR, so I'm expecting my Google storage to hurt in the near future. Mr Wright 64,616 all nudes 😎 Dmitry Stepanushkin about 30000. Nudes will stay on local storage 😁 cadtek91 I don't think the Album counts are accurate. Lord Argyris 2,925 here. Everything since I got my Nexus 7 on December 31st, 2013, which is when I officially joined the Android ecosystem. I'm curious, where is the Sites statistic some people have posted? I can't seem to find that anywhere on my account dashboard. 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f18afe5301756a2f37e6f449c2faf0ec975cf47ead995985d6cf0ee4cb56fe1c.png tapsboy 10,351 JG 64,884... With another 1,940-some waiting to upload as I type (literally just got back from an extended data-light/less vacation where I was the unofficial group photographer). A lot of the pics (especially from this trip) are burst shots. Trying to photograph something as we drove by so I just let it go to get the most tree-less pic... Or to make an animation or panorama pic. That, and of course, cat pics :) Hey, if Google is going to give me free unlimited storage... Might as well take advantage. Bryan Kolb Just under 200,000... Dre 44,153 Kevin Sword "Wekeend" poll? Guess so! 9,179 photos. Phil Miller 19,268. For my 20k photo, it will be a pick of my friend Harry Johnson. Akilesh Akil https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5b22006051777d76bece05eecfcae428cdcf2381379fdc6e701e6c4f64988671.jpg Barron Roth I feel like I'm an edge case, Google Photos runs very slow for me 😔 an old screenshot, I probably broke 500k these days. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d2363f77f2556cf6b91ee1f158be42694f8fcb74f9869a02f388dddcdc95e383.png Rob What are all those photos? Is your porn collection included in that number? Kidding ;) Your comment about the service being slow is odd, it should only load what you're looking at and not everything. But perhaps something goes wrong when the number is so high. Barron Roth I'm a photographer, so it shouldn't be too unusual! It's slow mostly during search or scrolling through historical dates. uthark 107,383 Dlang123 Photos ‌124,910 tu3218 If I upload photos to google photos that wasn't taken on my phone, will they be analyzed and sorted correctly by their date, location ,etc. Assuming all this data is attached to the file. Robert Porter Yes, any photo on Gphotos is analyzed. If they don't have the locations, I believe Google fills that info with your Google maps location during that time. HSidhu 000064 Photos :) Victor %01000000 David Zero smonkeyhouse Albums: 4,166; Photos‌: 249,245. I have it sync with my PC, and all my DSLR pics get uploaded Justin Osborne 15k, but probably half of those just since I got the Pixel, due to our first baby. Over 20GBs of HQ pics/video since then. Michael Zinfandel Rork 70,503 Level380 55K and counting. Leandro Brandão 10132. I backed up some old photos and used the photo scan app to scan others, maybe 100 or 200 photos. I use google photos since my first android phone in 2012, i was amazed how that worked back then, now is even better. Joshua Talley Pretty sure I saw over 100k several months ago... codingismy11to7 17k, in original quality... and I've recently been thinking about uploading my 90+ GBs of stuff from before gphotos existed... Willie Chalmers III I am definitely in the minority with only 2,140 photos. What do you people take pictures of? b_boogey_xl I've got like 25k photos but if I remember correctly, this isn't just Google Photos but any photo you have uploaded to Google across their many services, including Hangouts, Google+ Messager, Google Voice, Google+, Picasa, etc… I believe if you go to your About Me page you can see all the "albums" and photos you've ever uploaded to those Google services (not including Google Photos). Mike in KC 457. Guess I'm not much of a photographer... Saqib What is maximum free storage allowed with Google photos? tehboogieman They say unlimited for compressed images Miku is Best Vocaloid 10000 and counting Joshua Worth 83,689 😊 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ef968361c0424a651500b83acdd44d4fa19466201c00685b3a584e99d0e40e77.jpg Sherrie B 297,771 Daniel Rodriguez Looks like I've taken a picture or two in my time... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/505b72e38a4d6a15ced01c270253dc58d8777887f0c273491675ea1e322be65e.png Morten Ulv Jesus. What are all those photos of? You take hundreds of photos every day? I take maybe 10 000 per year of my kids, so that's a modest average of ~30 per day. Andrew Bone ~95% selfies 😉 Daniel Rodriguez Oh god, not if I can help it. No one needs to see that much of me. abc He takes a pic of every meal he's ever eaten. Daniel Rodriguez .. guilty as charged. Daniel Rodriguez Hah, actually, I'm definitely an edge case with an unusual situation: I have a little 'lifecam' thing that takes pictures every 30 seconds that I use when traveling around, so it generates thousands and thousands of pictures when using it. The company that makes it recently went under, and so the service they offered where they hosted the pics it took went down- I downloaded my pics before it went down, and uploaded them to Google Photos, all in the Unlimited storage when letting Google compress them (which is fine, the vast majority aren't high quality anyway). So far, no issues with it, Google claims unlimited storage when you use their compression, and, numbers above showing, they mean it. create812 Google is in an intense meeting now, discussing how to handle "whales" like you. Daniel Rodriguez Hey, they promise unlimited storage if using their 'high quality' compression, I'm just taking them up on the offer! Francisco Peña they gonna throttle you from taking any more pictures. Daniel Rodriguez I'm actually curious if they will, I upload tens of thousands at a time when I travel thanks to my lifecam, and so far haven't run into any issues or gotten any alerts. I tell the client to upload them using the Google 'high quality' compression, for which they offer unlimited storage if you use it, and so far, they've been as good as their word. Definitely not doing anything that's against terms of service, all falls within the service's promised offer, so if they did throttle me, I'd love to know why. There's a big difference between 'unlimited' and 'unlimited as long as you don't go over 50,000 photos' or something like that. Artem Russakovskii Around 35k for me. Dennis 64.498 - ich speichere mittlerweile ausschließlich dort.. ast00 3342. I guess I don't take many pictures. Roderick Gadellaa Somehow Photos doesn't show up for me in that list. It's supposed to be above Play Music, right? It shows Payments there for me. Weird? vwnut13 I'd have more, but they are in a "brand account" attached to my Gmail. Still accessable online, but no longer in the Android app. Thanks for breaking, then removing that feature Google. Trent 25,525 it was very low prior to getting my Nexus 5X when that and Local Guides launched. The Pixel has raised it somewhat, but getting my DSLR and traveling fairly often (only 8 countries so far this year, but about that many again planned up until December) to take pictures and backing up my RAW files along with JPEGs has made a big difference. Peter World Citizen I love cats. I've just over 5k of photos of pussies. Plus another 2k of food and cars/bikes. Jan-Lk Else Where's the no option? Javier180 Simply dont vote. McClain S https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4911bca160a898e3d9f1f092a2af15587d485f0ca9ef12ceb21637dcd00bd2a6.png Arvid Over a 100.000 photos. I did upload everything I have, including older ones I scanned and our Family archive (going back to 1960) Wilson I'm running out of storage :O Victor 4982 albums and 246688 photos. Everything since 1996 on my Amiga till now, where every picture received or taken with the phone gets automatically baked up. Erik 41000 for now. I hope AI will improve so I can find what I'm looking for. It would be nice not to get pictures of cats when I search for dogs, buses and cameras when I search for cars and picture frames when I search for computers for example. Oh, and face recognition is still not available in Europe. I guess Google doesn't want to upset EU more than they already have. Rob I have face recognition in Europe. Not sure how I did, but it's fairly easy to activate it. I think by a single-time usage of VPN and reset app data. Have had it ever since. Alenekbell Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !do151c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !do151c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs441ShopBetterGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!do151c:....,..... James 53,235 so far. I have had a hard drive failure and if it wasn't for them being backed up, theses photo s would have been lost. sasu85 Backup in Google compressed resolution or at full resolution? Do you have also other backup (like hard drive?) Or not? James It just so happens that my pics are 12mp or less and I believe that is the restriction that Google has set. Many of my pictures are scanned pictures from old photos and every smart phone I owned (I always had them backed up). I do have them on my hard drive, but have actually been rethinking this as I see no benefit from having on my hard drive. Just 440. Removed all after switching from Nexus 5 to Pixel, and will do so after switching from my Pixel to something else. mcored Photos ‌66,423 Tom Daley settings say 7700 same folder on my server says 20000+ Hmmmm not sure whats happening there Timothy Vreeland 38k, so close to moving up in the poll bracket. Pavan Thanuj Upadrasta 24,008 :D Suicide_Note 25,686 photos for me. Soundjudgment ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Billions... and Billions..." MayorMcCheese I was positive that I would have 0 and was surprised to see 2.... My YouTube banner, twice. Not sure how it got on Google Photos tho. drcaveman Nears as makes no difference 75,000 psydex None. (Can't vote - no such option) h20ray 13,495 Kaleas 697 and I could probably prune ~100 of those. I really do not take many photos, most of what I do take is used for online sales or confirmation photos, so they get deleted after the transaction. Another large number is having info from hardware at work so I can enter it into a database when I get back to my desk. Again those get deleted once that data is entered. Alfonso Surroca 8K, and that's including the fact that I synced like 15 years of photographs from my desktop computer to my Photos account. abc This is more of a "how many photos do you take" question than a Google Photo question. benmarvin 16,405. And I don't even take that many pictures. Some of my photos go all the way back to Picasa days Indefinite Implosion Yep 15,608 and a lot are from before I had a smartphone/from my DSLR when I had a smartphone. Brandon I've got just over 5k, which is less than many people here but is pretty much every photo I've taken in the last 12-ish years. I try to remember to back up to my external hard drive now and again just in case, but otherwise Google is the only thing I use for photo storage, management, or editing. James Miller My wife takes pictures of our 5 boys daily with our DSLR. Whenever I put them on our NAS drive, I have them automatically backed up using the desktop backup client. I'm up to 116,053, but that number grows by about 1000 every couple of weeks. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a6190002ab404d0e7e513fe45d2931f9173bc76ab04c9c6bfc6167f5e961b10a.jpg Deb Newman I quit using google photo because my account got hacked and googles recovery system wouldn't verify it was me even though I knew most of the answers to their questions, finally got to speak to someone from tech support and still would not verify. Lost prob over 500 pics because google would not assist me in getting back iny account. Rob Next time: 2-step verification dmo580 don't get hacked then. RenatoFontesTapia 43687 :O Chris 20,532 wew Anthony I was amused to see my gmail number figured it would have been more. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e5d80f18c078be951e79f29f286e0cec2147bbc2aa7a3acf508532abc718c03b.png firerock2013 This is mine. Start using Google Photos the day it came out on my country until today. The best photos and videos cloud storage. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/36938c09f7f5a043eb71d0f1c47405fa70c1a7c6f685b2d1ce5de5ff91ef2abf.png Vincent K. I have probably over 1000 but I have a couple photos that have over 120,000 views each! justmy2pennies2012 3,158 photos Ho0n I have 56K :O dhamp2g 10,843 and I have a ton of non digital that I need to back up. Probably about 8,000 or so. I have set a goal of 100 a day until they are complete. xavier savoie 8,200+... Synced across 7 different devices... Mangesh Narawade If Google include true 'hide photos' feature with security like pincode/fingerprint, these numbers will go sky high gsDroid You should have had an option for zero. Charles Sweeney 13k'ish Rob 54,857 3223 And here we are, uploading our mug and stuff to skynet. That'll make their job far easier *runs into a bunker with tinfoil hat on* In all seriousness, this has helped alleviate loads of storage issues, especially for phones with smaller storage :) Jesse Lee I didn't see the article on installed apps, so wasn't as surprised to see 11K photos saved but instead, that I've installed 1,355 apps. Holy moly that seems like a lot. Francisco Peña 1,068 albums 14,376 Photos Pär Parbring 90800, I synced my entire library to Google photos... Kostas 💪🎩 Any way to put photos to a special place separate from the others, that aren't in your face all the time? Abhimanyu Seth Just 44,672 photos till now! philopek each as he likes but then i think the question is not very specific hence the answer doesn't provide much else than a sheer number. if the question had been "self made and unique images" that would have provided a more useful picture. while there certainly are photographers, selfie addicts and the likes, i know how many years it takes to produce a few 10'000 images of notworthy quality and uniqueness because i'm producing photos for the last 45 years now, all digitalized and stored safely, and at the times the pace of production was insanely high and still one gets' nowhere near some of the numbers that have bee mentioned here. further what are all the folks doing once google will drop a platform entirely. i remember that i have changed platform due to changes made by apple and/or google which is why all my images are now structred in simple folders and subfolders, storable and managable on every computer cross platform, no matter what some may decide. when apple changed from iphoto to photos for example most features were missing and to continue watching the library on apple-tv one had to purchase software without knowing whether it would meet requirements etc. i would like to know how many of those images are self-made and more or less unique, everything else is just claiming bragging rights IMO Ozl yeah, i will triple my photos and videos by the end of the year when i get the New Pixel Phone xD (hoping it still has that unlimited upload) Chris Foote 139,750. Due in no small part to the fact that I've been wearing Glass for the past four years, though. Ste Tan Man I thought I had so many at 18,751 photos but dayaum, all of ya'll in the comments are 50k+. Lol. I really do love Google Photos! :P johdaxx I took a few hundred here at my desk this morning to get to the next category...Felt I needed to level up before posting. jdrch I don't use the service because I find it pointless, so I have no idea. Kody 84k Berni Hargrove So apparently I'm just some weird fringe user that has less than a thousand photos. Something must be wrong with me for just living life, and letting most of everyone else do the photo work. Only a matter of time before we have people taking photos of people taking photos. Nathan J 20,793. Includes every picture I've taken with one iPhone, six Android phones, a bunch of flip phones, and various point and shoot and disposable cameras. Pro tip: Put Google Photos on your computer. If you're on vacation and you have Wi-Fi at the hotel, but Google Photos on your laptop. When you check in at the hotel, plug your phone up and copy/move all the photos over. Let it back them up while you're out and about. myssi Wondering how much it costs to Google to save all these bazillions of photos; that too for an app which earns $0. Leroy Filon 132.068 photos. If the Google Servers ever are going down, i'm screwed. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/549868d0e41d5a5cd16d5673b378dc744607daa7fa1c62e9ed238c335c4365e8.png Ailín Ó’S 93,207. Android user since 2010. Vic21 None.I don't really trust google with my photos so I sync them to Mega using FolderSync instead. instinct 43,947 - Didn't realize I had that many. I did go back and back up old photos from years ago though. Pedro o Raposo People do take a lot of photos these days. saltyzip 78,000 for me, that's what you get for having lots of kids and pets! Rosh Mathew This is for people who have 40,000 photos synced. Do you ever get the feeling that - OK IM KINDA GETTING TIRED OF SNAPPING AWAY DURING A VACATION THAN ACTUALLY ENJOYING the moment? Years later, that foggy feeling that I spent so much time taking photos that I don't remember the vacation at all? And when you do have some time to sit down and reminisce, going through thousands of snaps feels exhausting, and there is too much emphasis on quantity of snaps than QUALITY? (I used to snap away 30+ pics a day on average, now cut it down to 5-6, keeping the phone away during events to actually enjoy the moment) Horacio Gómez 66.333 photos. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.639s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Business Software Mobile Network Storage Cloud & Services Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Business Software Mobile Network Storage Cloud & Services Home Cloud & Services How-To How to delete your Google data You have some power over the data, and we'll show you how to wield it. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Samuel Axon Contributor, PCWorld | Jun 6, 2017 6:36 PM PT Credit: Samuel Axon / IDG More like this How to download your Google data How to use Android's In Apps search to find your phone's content faster How I deleted Google from my life Video Windows 10 Fall Creators Update Preview I deleted Google from my life for a while, and it worked out surprisingly well, despite the fact that Google is involved in a lot of things we deal with these days. For some, part of the reason for dropping Google is to protect your personal information. But when you stop using the products in favor of alternatives, that doesn’t do anything to all the personal data Google has already collected on you. To round out your Google departure, let’s go over what you can delete, and how. And if you want to download some of it before you axe it, check out the tutorial on downloading your Google data, too. Using Google’s My Activity tool to delete your data Samuel Axon / IDG You can choose to delete your Google activity by time or date range, and by Google product. Google tracks every search you’ve ever made, and targets ads and search results to you based on that information. But you can disable those features and delete almost all that data. To do so, go to myactivity.google.com. On this site, you can view all the information Google has on you. It’s a lot, right? Samuel Axon / IDG The My Activity tool will warn you before it deletes a selection of data.  To delete all of it with no exceptions, click Delete activity by in the left panel. In the drop-down beneath Delete by date, select All time. Then, select All products in the drop-down at the bottom. Click Delete, and you’re done. If you want to keep data from some apps, but not others,  that’s easy too. Just pick which products you want to delete one by one in the previously mentioned drop-down. Removing personal information from search results Samuel Axon / IDG When you remove data from Google search results, you may still have work to do to remove it from other search engines or online platforms like social media.  Removing personal information from search results is a different beast, and quite a bit trickier. Google doesn’t generally mess with its search results unless there is some legal reason to do so. You can visit Google’s support page on the subject to learn what they’re willing to remove. If you’re looking to remove something that falls into that handful of sensitive categories, visit Google’s removal page and check the box at the bottom that says you’d like to remove personal information you see in Google search. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Cloud & Services Google Samuel Axon is a Los Angeles-based writer and editor who’s spent the past 10 years covering culture, personal technology and video games. He is also the director of Playsource, a marketing services platform for indie game developers. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apple wants to rock the market with HomePod, faces challenges By Afp Published: 21:33 EDT, 6 June 2017 | Updated: 21:33 EDT, 6 June 2017 e-mail Apple's HomePod smart speaker enters a market segment dominated by Amazon and Google, but is being touted as a high-quality music device Apple's new HomePod speaker may be music to the ears of its loyal fans, but how much it can crank up volume in the smart speaker market remains to be heard. Apple unveiled its long-awaited HomePod at its annual developers conference taking place this week in the heart of Silicon Valley, enticing lovers of its products with a high-end offering in a market dominated by lower-priced devices from Amazon and Google . Analysts are yet to be convinced that HomePod will rock the smart speaker market the way iPhones came to rule the smartphone world and iPods dominated MP3 players. "If we are comparing this to Apple's past successes, it doesn't fit that model," said analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group. "This product is much more of a me-too offering." There was no overwhelming differentiation in HomePod, according to the analyst. But he saw a big negative -- it is more expensive. HomePod, infused with machine smarts by Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain. HomePod will take on Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. Amazon sells Echo devices for $179, and smaller "Dot" versions for $50. Google sells Home for $180, promoting the smart speakers with discounts. - HomePod's tune - Apple played up the rich speaker quality of HomePod, and synched it with the company's music service that boasts 27 million subscribers. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company's Siri team tuned the virtual assistant as a "musicologist" that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the "power to rock the house," according to Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a voice-commanded assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. "Apple's base should like it, because they are committed to the ecosystem," Enderle said of HomePod. "If you are paying the extra money because Apple is requiring you to do so to access your stuff, that is the Apple tax and it is the kind of thing that people don't like." HomePod combined elements of Echo and Sonos smart speakers, known for rich sound quality, according to Reticle Research principal analyst Ross Rubin. Apple lovers already tend to be "premium product buyers," and may not flinch at paying more for what they believe is a superior quality product, said Gartner analyst Brian Blau. - Just a glimpse - Apple senior vice Phil Schiller speaks during the Apple Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California on June 5 Blau suspected Apple only gave a glimpse at its vision for HomePod, noting its potential to be a command center for smart houses and to mesh with iPhones, iPads, online services and more. "We have to imagine there is going to be more there," Blau said. "Is it going to be an Echo killer? A Google Home killer? We are going to have to wait and see. Apple be saving some insights into HomePod for later this year when it is expected to unveil a tenth-anniversary edition of the iPhone. Since HomePod will not hit the market until December, it is unlikely to catch much of the year-end holiday shopping wave and post big sales this year, according to Blau. "I think, over time, they are going to do just fine in this category but it is going to take a while," the analyst said. "I don't think it will be the next iPhone," Blau said of HomePod, "but, Apple could gain share and be a leader." In a blog post Technalysis Research founder Bob O'Donnell depicted Apple's latest product news as an affirmation that the company has not fallen behind competitors and is working to take advantage of potentially exciting new technologies. But O'Donnell also expressed skepticism on Apple's ability to dominate this new segment. "Yes, some songs may sound pleasing, but for true audiophiles who actually want to hear what the artist and producer intended, Apple's positioning of the HomePod as super high-quality speaker is going to be a very tough sell," O'Donnell said in a blog post. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Caroline Flack whips off her bikini top for a topless sunbathing session as she enjoys break from filming new series of Love Island in Mallorca 'Thinking of our angels': Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack 'I thought you were blacking up to make me feel welcome!' Actor Don Gilet stuns Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby with controversial remark  Luisa Zissman delightedly announces she is expecting her third child in sweet Instagram post... just 10 MONTHS after giving birth to daughter Indigo   Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Needed stitches for a severe gash on his head Braless Ellie Goulding's fans label her 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade them to be politically engaged Controversial image  'The moment you realise you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as her hairdresser pal Ken Paves shows his moves Emily MacDonagh scolds Peter Andre in an innuendo-filled chat about vegetables... as couple present romantic sun-soaked segment from Santorini TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou shows off every inch of her stunning frame in pink bikini as she joins buff beau James Lock on Marbella trip   What a match! Christine Lampard and husband Frank sport complementing laidback looks as they enjoy a dog walk in London   Perfect pair  'I just spat out my coffee!' Viewers' shock as Trinny Woodall blurts out that she 'wants to be black' while admiring a model's 'marble skin' on This Morning (before stroking her BREAST) Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows off her baby bump in Spain with her husband and their child Alaia... after F1 ace announced retirement to enjoy more family time Cheeky Lottie Moss flashes her peachy posterior in TINY hotpants as she enjoys a wild night out in Ibiza with the Made in Chelsea cast 'They are tramps': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson is slammed for shattering glass door in rage... before licking her COUSIN Sophie's bare chest in shock scenes EXCLUSIVE: Larsa Pippen is being bankrolled by Kourtney Kardashian after her NBA star husband Scottie cut her off amid $120 million divorce Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class Ab-fab Alex Rodriguez 'never cheated on J. Lo and former mistress's claims of her wild sex romps with the slugger in hopes of getting money' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Rhian Sugden slips her sizzling curves into a black bikini as she enjoys a smooch with fiance Oliver Mellor in sunny Turkey 'You are a beautiful soul!': Kris Jenner is the first to wish Kim Kardashian's husband Kanye West a happy 40th birthday Family first The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt Bikini-clad Vicky Pattison shows off her taut abs as she gets VERY hands-on with beau John Noble while hosting raucous Magaluf pool party 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals the rage she felt after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung trousers as she arrives in style at LAX airport Looking good  'Cute little Kady has WAY more class!' Love Island's McDermott lashes out at claims 'lookalike' newbie Amber has stolen her 'pocket rocket' crown Irish plus-size model shares the VERY revealing outtakes from her stunning shoot featured in Vogue Italia as she calls on women to 'love their cellulite' Make-up free Chloe Khan flashes her ample assets in a barely-there bikini as she whizzes through the waves on a jet ski in Barbados Beach babe  'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins 'She is a delusional individual': Marnie Simpson hits back at Stephanie Davis as she's accused of faking her Celebrity Big Brother romance with Lewis Bloor Wine-ding down! Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves in skimpy two-piece while sipping on rosé during relaxing break in Mallorca Worse-for-wear Holly Hagan flashes her lingerie under sheer gown as she puffs on cigarette... before intentionally MISSING flight home for partying Kristina Rihanoff stuns in a royal-blue gown as she cosies up to boyfriend Ben Cohen at charity ball... after revealing her dream wedding plans Make-up free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty 'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Arise Sir Veg-alot! Camilla knights a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins acting great in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit 'Sex is one of the most wonderful things in life!' Lorraine Kelly and Niall Horan flirt up a storm as One Direction singer admits his solo material is 'very sexual' 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary Poignant  'You're acting like the f**king queen!' Big Brother's Kayleigh and Sukhvinder SCREAM at one another over a hairbrush and have to be separated Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Amy Childs shows her post-baby body in stylish blouse and skintight denims as she celebrates 27th birthday with newborn daughter Polly and mother Julie Belle of the ballroom: Ola Jordan dazzles in a plunging gown as she enjoys a romantic night out with husband James at charity gala  Dancing queen  Anwar Hadid, 17, and girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cosy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Lovebirds  Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) Lavish  Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit during Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in unfortunate wardrobe malfunction 'I ate cake for five months!' Mel Giedroyc is GLAD she's left Bake Off for her waistline... and admits Noel Fielding 'kept it very quiet' he was replacing her Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in LA Two of a kind  Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead  Couple goals! Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut dapper figures at New York event after celebrating 21 years of marriage No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Fleeting trip  Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham dresses for her fashion fatigue in a blue pyjama set after a non-stop week in New York City Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand No auto tune needed! Britney Spears proves she has a flawless voice as she shares unedited clip of her singing hit, Toxic Talented Heavy night? Myleene Klass wears SHADES in the dark as she heads home after a boozy evening at Graduate Fashion Week Gala Bleary-eyed Daisy Lowe cuts a dishevelled figure in her eye-popping gown as she leaves the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition party Alesha Dixon displays her enviable abs in a tiny bandeau top as she attends fashion event with boyfriend Azuka Ononye Flashing flesh Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man at NYC event Louise Redknapp reveals she was in BED with husband Jamie when false claims of marriage woes surfaced... as she insists they're 'great' Leggy Katie Piper wows in chic floral mini dress and nude wedges as she leaves Manchester hotel ahead of Ideal Home Show appearance He's hooked! Sam Claflin can't take his eyes off stunning wife Laura Haddock as they attend the London premiere of new film My Cousin Rachel Pregnant Tamsin Egerton exhibits her baby bump in smock dress as she joins partner Josh Hartnett at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Bra-vo!  'Relationship guru' Stephanie Davis weighs in on Ellie and Lotan's kiss on Big Brother... as she mocks her own saga with Jeremy McConnell in TV debut  Chloe Meadows sports neon orange bikini during Dubai getaway... after former pal Megan McKenna claimed she only wanted to reconcile for 'storylines' 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor in tense scenes on KUWTK Dating Tristan Thompson That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Doting dad  Kim Kardashian knocks back tequila while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol) Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley If you've got it! Christie Brinkley, 63, puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Leggy lady!  Big Brother's Chanelle McCleary discusses her painful Brazilian butt lift... before sobbing when her housemates vote her most likely to cheat on a boyfriend 'That's your first strike!': Arthur Fullford clashes with Joe, Hannah AND Imran on Big Brother... as viewers brand him 'most irritating person ever' Down to a fine art! Lady Amelia Windsor is flawless in a black dress layered over a white blouse at the Royal Academy's Summer Exhibition Victoria Beckham unveils leather trousers and neon shoes in a VERY edgy new line she says is 'rooted in reality' (but some items will set you back £3,000) Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save the vaquita porpoise which could become extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Daisy Lowe shows off her cleavage as she leads the glamour alongside Katherine Jenkins and Arizona Muse at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Look out ladies, Poldark's back on the market! Aidan Turner and girlfriend Nettie Wakefield 'split after being driven apart by conflicting schedules' 'We agree to disagree': Katy Perry reveals how her devoutly Christian parents reacted to sexually suggestive lyrics in Bon Appétit song One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by torrential rain  What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut tummy in black hoodie and tracksuit bottoms as she runs errands in LA A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Radiant in red  Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple  His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays touching tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown that shows off her incredible figure as she supports her NBC show This Is Us Blue-tiful Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops  Katherine Jenkins exudes elegance as she goes hand-in-hand with husband Andrew Levitas at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition 'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 Lauren Silverman slips her svelte frame into elegant green lace gown as she supports casually-clad partner Simon Cowell at his charity ball in London Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Quirky What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York City Shimmering star  They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Reunion Alec Baldwin looks dapper as stunning wife Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation Cute couple  Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress and shimmering silver heels at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Myleene Klass dazzles in a demure strapless dress at fashion gala after baring all in VERY plunging white gown the day before Glamorous display  Kym Marsh relaxes with her family at curry house opening in Manchester... after being praised for 'moving' British Soap Awards tribute to late son Archie All Night Long! Legendary Rnb singer Lionel Richie coming Down Under with Nile Rodgers for six city Aussie tour  Australians rejoice  'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto admits he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to be a dad Pixie Lott shows off her long legs in a racy double split yellow gown with a daring plunge front as she leads the glamour at lavish charity ball Defiant Lisa Moorish shares picture of her daughter Molly, 18, with uncle Noel Gallagher after slamming her ex Liam for being an absent father  Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket and skinny jeans as she touches down in Los Angeles Jet set style  Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach as she puts on an energetic display on Battle Of The Network Stars A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls and orange jacket as she heads out for coffee in New York Radiant redhead  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville Plunging neckline 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on The Real Housewives Of New York City Make-up free Apprentice star Luisa Zissman cradles her baby daughter Indigo as she pays a visit to her local garden centre Low profile  Ariana Grande is back onstage amid heightened security as she resumes Dangerous Woman tour in Paris after Manchester attack Spot on! Margot Robbie flaunts trim pins in a summery polka dot frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish on Wednesday 'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Mollie King proves her fashionable flair by swapping the traditional party dress for a striking rose gold trouser suit at Barry M's anniversary bash Doctor Who's new hue: Pearl Mackie shares a daring amount of sideboob in a striking coral gown as she wows at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition Twiggy, 67, goes heavy on the millennial pink as she proves she can still turn heads at the Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection Will be available on her official website Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX Paired her sandals with a black Ivy Park hoodie Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she ignores ex Scott Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny grey mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry in Miami rain Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Wore tight gym clothing  Suited beauty Victoria Pendleton looks slick in an equestrian-style suit at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition... after trading cycling for horse riding Ellie Bamber proudly shows off a Stone Roses tee beneath her retro pastel co-ord as she makes a style statement at Royal Academy Summer bash Pretty as a picture! Emilia Fox exudes elegance in whimsical printed midi dress as she storms Royal Academy Summer Exhibition Girl power! Former Australia Prime Minister Julia Gillard reunites with unlikely pal Rihanna in Malawi as pair seek to raise $3 billion for better education Suki Waterhouse, 25, is reunited with rumoured beau Diego Luna, 37,as they step out in Manhattan after her appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as the actress declares 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of her 50th birthday 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!' John Cena describes the moment he proposed to his Nikki Bella in front of MILLIONS of fans Rough night? Bleary-eyed Mark Wright looks just a tad worse for wear after partying with his sister Jess at nightclub in Los Angeles Weary  I'm Still Standing! Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form as he bounces back from 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency Ariana Grande's manager confirms that Noel Gallagher was never asked to perform at Manchester One Love ... after he was SLAMMED by Liam  PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt Getting ready to board Tequila, it won't kill ya, says Nigella: Culinary queen Lawson 'gargles' with spirits to remedy her 'fluey' symptoms Gargled with Mexican spirit Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Jaime Winstone debuts her dazzling engagement ring as she cosies up to her DJ 'fiancé' James Suckling at Royal Academy Summer Exhibition  Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Love Island's Katie Salmon flashes her cleavage in lace-up camouflage dress as she joins Zaralena Jackson for swimwear launch in Manchester Denise Van Outen is casually chic in pink floral shirt and trendy lace choker as she makes a radiant arrival at her BUILD Series talk Casually chic Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Actress revealed her cancer has returned The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes 'We didn't have scales as kids': Sophie Ellis-Bextor has BANNED the word 'diet' from her home... following encouragement from her mother 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film Open for a return Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Posted a new image on social media Hysterical Holly Willoughby 'nearly wets herself' before downing gin on This Morning... the morning after partying hard at the Glamour Awards 'Our babies cause mayhem together!': Kimberley Walsh gushes about fellow mum and BFF Cheryl... and reveals she's ready to have another child  Fancy seeing you here! Former TOWIE star Jess Wright makes surprise appearance at Chris Brown's documentary premiere in Los Angeles Braless Pascal Craymer puts on a VERY busty display in a garish jumpsuit with a patterned cape at Midsummer Ball charity bash From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'It's not the 18th century!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'take care of her kids' after she posted video of herself partying Punching pupils... and that was just the teachers. Ackley Bridge was Waterloo Road with Hijabs and a slice of modern Britain, by JIM SHELLEY Big Brother's Mandy brags about her SEX TAPE in front of her daughter... as Ellie and Lotan kiss in the hot tub before getting steamy under the covers 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Perrie Edwards and Jesy Nelson go wild on stage at Little Mix concert in Stockholm... after Jennifer Saunders 'scolds' them for awards no-show Defiant Stephanie Davis goes braless in a revealing top after accusing Jeremy McConnell's ex-girlfriend of using her 'name for fame' Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight as she shares racy behind the scenes look at Bon Appétit music video Good enough to eat!  EXCLUSIVE: 'I wore tiny pants to hide my hangover': Human Ken Doll is a dead ringer for Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in budgie smugglers 'Children don't need to see such exposure!' Ann Widdecombe calls for 'X-rated' Amanda Holden to be FIRED from BGT following string of racy dresses Make-up free Felicity Jones steps out for shopping spree... hours after revealing her engagement ring at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit Jessica Simpson slammed for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Shooting her TV Land half-hour show Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo First debuted her makeover in May Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead of suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sad news  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Much-loved storybook nanny 'Affecting my fertility was a wake-up call': Christine McGuinness hits back at accusations of promoting anorexia as husband Paddy helped her overcome eating disorder 'I like Royalty, Prince and Duchess': Katie Price shares names planned for baby number SIX... despite daughter Princess shunning her moniker Southampton striker Charlie Austin and wife Bianca RE-FOLLOW each other on Twitter... after cutting ties when she cryptically claimed he had been 'cheating' 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium Has added to her feline brood SPOILER ALERT 'What more could we want?' Love Island's Montana and Chloe pin their hopes on new Boy Bombshells as Chris and Jonny arrive to shake couples up  Caroline Flack suffers double nip-slip as her plunging ruffled dress fails to contain her ample assets as she leaves Glamour Awards Oops Pregnant Ferne McCann covers her bump as she joins anti-bullying campaign... amid TOWIE pal Vas Morgan's criticisms of her 'choice of men' Leggy Amy Childs flaunts her post-baby body in a scarlet summer dress as she celebrates turning 27 with newborn daughter Polly MIC's Louise Thompson flaunts her peachy posterior in tiny blue bikini as she parties by the pool with her pals on Greek getaway Jorgie Porter puts her shapely pins on show in thigh-skimming shirt dress as she enjoys girly brunch in West Hollywood Legs eleven  Good night? Make-up free Fearne Cotton clutches a huge flask of coffee after partying into the early hours at Glamour Awards Getting some fresh air Supermarket sweep! Casually-clad Coleen Rooney displays her post-holiday glow as she leaves the shops laden down with groceries  Shopping in style  'They have George's nose': Proud grandfather Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins  Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy She's expecting  Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Emma Willis looks exhausted on This Morning following 'tipsy' Glamour Awards... and reveals Holly Willoughby made her STAGE DIVE at her wedding 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses marriage to Daniel Craig Still stunning  'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Happy couple Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in a translucent LBD during dinner date with The Weeknd in NYC Baring all Making waves! Cody Simpson speaks at the United Nation's Ocean's Conference after being named their FIRST advocate New role Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted trousers Striking Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cosies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville Made a solo trip to the event on Wednesday 'It gives you goosebumps': The Voice Kids judge Pixie Lott is a sexy señorita in floral Bardot gown... as she marvels at 'magical' maturity of contestants 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne smugly reveals Cheryl has son Bear sleeping at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik 'He was actually really cool about it': Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after agreeing to drunken dare Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Life Money Hump Day Deals: Cheap TVs, 40% Off Phones, Dick Smith EOFY Sale How Much Money You Need To Make To Move To Your Dream US City Apple Just Added One More Way To Repay Your Friends 16 Tax Deductions You Might Be Able To Claim This EOFY Home Make A Super Bomb Onion Dip Without A Mix Add Used Tea Bags To The Bottom Of Pots To Feed Plants How To Follow Donald Trump's Tweets Without Following Donald Trump Lumo Energy Fined By ACCC For Misleading Customers, Again Entertainment E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones How Apple's New Siri Speaker Compares To Sonos And Echo Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Travel Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Stop Saying 'Rate Of Speed' Travel Hacker: How To Plan The Perfect Travel Itinerary This Crash Between A 2015 And A 1998 Toyota Corolla Shows How Far Car Safety Has Come Health Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule We Can Be Easily Tricked Into Liking Bad Wine 16 Ways To Be A Better Person (That Require Almost No Effort) Design Learn Game Animation With These Pixel Art GIFs Need Selfie Tips? Ask A Neural Network With This App, You Can Finally Trust Photos Again  Sketchar Is An Augmented-Reality App For Wannabe Graffiti Artists Work Productivity I'm Katia Beauchamp, Birchbox Co-Founder And CEO, And This Is How I Work  Getting Things Done, Ten Years In How To Self-Publish A Book Change Your Screen To Greyscale To Combat Phone Addiction Communicate Six 'Secret' iPhone Codes That Unlock Extra Features Your NBN Connection Might Be Getting A Speed Boost 9 Books Everyone Should Read Before They Turn 30 Apple's New MacBooks And iMacs: Australian Pricing And Release Dates Organise Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions How To Save Storage Space On iOS 11 Briefly: EB Games Sales, Australian Survivor 2, Creepy Wonder Woman Briefly: Lifeguard Video Test, Target's Game Sale, Bitcoin Price Surge Career How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader We're Hiring A Publisher At Allure Media Ask LH: How Can I Learn To Work With A New Boss? What It Takes To Be A Kickarse Car Designer At Just 23 Business Travel Engineers Are Not Mechanics US Visa Applications Now 'Request' Social Media Information Lounge Hacker: Ten Airport Lounges You Need To Experience At Least Once Uber Price Hike: Here's How Much More You'll Pay In Each Australian City Security When It Comes To Ransomware, It's Sometimes Best To Pay Up Protect Your Data By Using Single Sign-On Whenever Possible  Experts Speak: How Trump's Paris Accord Exit Hurts Us All Ask LH: Am I Allowed To Booby Trap My Thumb Drive? Small Business & Startups How To Take Advantage Of The $20,000 Small Business Tax Break Five Life Lessons You Can Learn From Successful Corporations Free Report Download: Best Practices For Salespeople In The Social Era Elevator Pitch: DisruptSports IT Pro Cloud Dropbox Announces Local PoP For Performance Boost OpenStack Foundation Says We Are At A Cloud Tipping Point Outlook Email Down: Hope You Can Still Get To MySpace Microsoft To Use DNA To Store Data In The Cloud IT Career Apply For A Job In 8 Seconds When Is It Worth Keeping A Job You Hate? Working With A Mentor Is A Process, Not Just An Accomplishment How To Deal With Weird Job Interview Questions IT Security Kaspersky Expands Legal Battle With Microsoft Over Anticompetitive Behaviour How Modern Printer Technology Outed An NSA Leaker Britney Spears Instagram Used In Cyber Attack The ACDC Act: Should You Be Allowed To Hack The Hackers? Developer Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off GitHub Enterprise 2.10 Adds New Dev and Project Management Tools Was There Anything For Developers At WWDC? .NET Standard 2.0, Summarised In A Giant Microsoft Poster Deployment 5 Things You Need To Do To Prepare For A Media Interview Apple Expanding Screen Repair Program With More Horizon Machines Catch Group Readies For the Amazon Onslaught IBM Deliver Massive Power In Tiny Package Servers Get 12 Linux And Open Source eBooks For $US15 In Humble's Book Bundle Companies Are Creating So Much Data, It Has To Be Shipped In Trucks Synology Boosts VM Support With New Virtual Machine Manager Here's One Way To Build A Cheap Mini NAS Toggle navigation Life Money Home Entertainment Travel Health Design Work Productivity Communicate Organise Career Business Travel Security Small Business & Startups IT Pro Cloud IT Career IT Security Developer Deployment Servers 16 Ways To Be A Better Person (That Require Almost No Effort) Lovehacker: My Boyfriend's Hair Fetish Is Tearing Me Apart How To Grow Your Business Faster By Becoming A Better Leader Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Protect Your Data By Using Single Sign-On Whenever Possible  Patrick Lucas Austin Jun 7, 2017, 11:00am ⋅ Filed to:  passwords social networks Share No company, be it a startup or a conglomerate, has a perfect security system. Chipotle's payment system was hacked, OneLogin experienced a data breach, and even Google had a run in with a bad phishing exploit that left thousands of accounts compromised from a shared document. In other words, I'm wary about giving any info to companies that don't have a track record of keeping it safe. Image credit: fouseyboy This is just to say all security is hard, and you should get into the habit of keeping your login information secure. Often that means not making a login in the first place. That's where single sign-on services come in. Not only are they more secure than a normal username and password combo, you'll have less login information to manage in the long run. In short, single sign-on (SSO) services act as your username and password on supported websites, with your primary account (from Google, Facebook, Microsoft and so on) acting as your account. One-Stop Security Check Using a secure single sign-on service provided by Facebook, Google, Twitter or Microsoft — among others — provides a second level of security, more than you'll get from your run-of-the-mill site collecting user login data and storing it in less than ideal places, or with poor encryption standards. Two-factor authentication is an added layer of security you should be using whenever possible. It prevents bad actors who gain access to your username and password from getting further into your account without a secondary form of identification — usually a text message from a phone or a randomly generated code from an authentication app. If a site doesn't support two-factor authentication or single sign-on, be wary. Use a password manager (of course) to create a convoluted password, and if you're extra cautious, use a false email address (or one of the many email addresses provided by Gmail). You Know What Data They Want With single sign-on services, sites are required to tell you about the data they're taking and why. Just like installing an app may prompt you to give microphone or contact access to it, using a single sign-on service will prompt the site to request data such as your email or contact list, or the ability to post to social sites on your behalf, and usually let you accept or reject them. Services that request access to private data (such as newsletter subscription services) do have the ability to take said data and deliver it to third parties, possibly without your knowledge. Yes, they're usually long, but you should read the site's privacy policy to see what data they collect and what exactly they do with said data. If that happens, cutting them off is easier with a single sign-on service. Cut Them Off With a Click The killer feature of using a single sign-on provider is the ease with which you can revoke access to data, usually with just a few clicks. Ever try to cancel an account on some humdrum site? For me it usually means deciding to cancel your account only to be taken to a support page on a forum that tells you cancelling your account means emailing the customer support team, creating a ticket, making sure it gets deleted, not logging in to double-check it's gone due to the chance you may reactivate it, and hoping your data is destroyed in a timely fashion (it usually isn't). Unroll.me, The Email Unsubscription Service, Has Been Collecting And Selling Your Data Yesterday, The New York Times went deep into some of Uber's shady business practices. In the article, one small section revealed that one service we've talked about extensively over the years, Unroll.me, has been mining and selling off your email data, and Uber used that data to gain intelligence on Lyft. Read more Of course, using a single sign-on service gives companies access to information they may not normally be privy to, but the convenience of managing your sign-ins from fewer locations coupled with the increased security you'll have when using single, secure sign-on services like Google or Facebook means you can more easily find and delete the offender. No More Passwords Your password manager is a great repository for storing passwords, personal information, and other bits of detritus you'd rather get out of your head (like your library card number). Your password security is only as strong as its weakest link. If you don't keep your passwords up to date, or if you make the error of reusing them on multiple sites, you're creating security holes that could be easily filled with something like a password manager. But the best part of throwing your hands up in defeat and using a single sign-on provider like Google or Facebook? No. More. Passwords! Well, you'll have to know your Google and Facebook passwords, but other than that, any site using your single sign-on system won't require you to create another string of text and numbers to remember (or remember to generate and save). A single sign-on service isn't immune to attackers, of course. In addition to following steps outlined by your sign-on provider, you can further protect yourself from malicious attacks by using two-factor authentication, keeping your secondary contact information (like your alternate email) up to date, and having a hard copy backup code. WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones Mark Serrels 08 Jun 2017 9:00 AM One year ago my brother in-law and I made a decision. We wanted to do the right thing. We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones season 5. Analyse that sentence for a second. I’ll add some italics for emphasis. “We wanted to try and pay to watch Game of Thrones.” Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? Chris Jager 07 Jun 2017 11:30 AM Foxtel has announced a revamped high-definition video streaming service dubbed Foxtel Now - and it's priced competitively with Stan and Netflix. With subscriptions starting at just $10 per month, it's a far cry from the company's prohibitively expensive Pay TV offerings. (In fact, it's actually cheaper than Netflix's HD tiers which start at $11.99.) But what do you actually get for your ten dollarydoos? Does Foxtel Now include Game Of Thrones? Do you still need to add a bunch of additional packs to make it worthwhile? We take a look at the prices, inclusions and your frequently asked questions. Want Lifehacker's email newsletter? Subscribe Alert me about competitions & deals Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn How To Code For Over 90% Off Deals: Learn How To Program For Over 90% Off Deals: Upgrade Your Shower Experience With This Waterproof Speaker Deals: Get This VPN For 90% Off Trending Articles 1 Why I Refuse To Feel Guilty For Torrenting Game Of Thrones 2 Foxtel Now: Is Foxtel's New Streaming Service Worth The Money? 3 E3 2017: Your Guide To Watching E3 Live In Australia Seattle Offers $112,500 For Artist To Make Graphic Novel About A Power Plant Stan Lee's Cameo In Doctor Strange Could Have Been A Lot Creepier These Are The Essential Comics To Read After You've Watched Wonder Woman  I Am Irrationally Mad About Wonder Woman's Android Tablet Classic Board Game Betrayal At House On The Hill Is Heading To The World Of Dungeons & Dragons Universal Studios Japan Gets A Super Mario Bros. Stage The New Darth Vader Comic Gives Us A Much Better Version Of Revenge Of The Sith's Infamous 'Noooo!' A Look Inside The New Sci-Fi Comic Mark Wahlberg Wants To Turn Into A Movie Franchise  Electrostimulation: An Introductory Guide To Sex With 'Sparks' Sleep Easy After Evening Exercise By Adjusting Your Meal Schedule Briefly: Killer Countries, Mummy Review, Abandoned Mansions Stop Overpacking For Trips With A 'Luggage Audit' Apple's original logo looks nothing like it does today -- here's how it's changed One photo reveals the answer to everyone's biggest question about James Comey Nintendo's bringing 'Super Nintendo World' to Universal Studios -- here's a first look The line for the Comey hearing is blocks long © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Lifehacker International × Log in to Lifehacker Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Lifehacker User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Lifehacker International Lifehacker US Lifehacker Japan Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Mobile-Ad Gap Is Shrinking The difference between time spent and ad dollars spent on mobile is getting smaller. Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Jun 6, 2017 at 8:45PM The amount of time people spend on mobile is still growing quickly. Last year, average time spent on mobile devices in the U.S. increased another 10% or so, to 3.1 hours per day, while time spent on desktop computers remained steady at 2.2 hours per day, according to Mary Meeker's 2017 Internet Trends presentation. The amount businesses are spending on mobile ads is growing even faster, up a whopping 76% from 2015, according to Meeker's data. As a result, the gap between the share of time spent on mobile and the share of ad money spent on mobile is shrinking. Still, the gap is huge. Meeker says it's a $16 billion opportunity. That's quite a bit smaller than the $30 billion gap of just four years ago, but sizable enough to make a significant impact on companies well positioned to take advantage. There are really only two such companies: Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Google, the Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary. Image source: Getty Images. Dominating the advertising market Google and Facebook accounted for 85% of all advertising revenue growth in the U.S. last year. That's up from 76% in 2015. That number may fall back down to that level again this year as Facebook faces ad load saturation challenges, but both are still completely dominate the digital advertising market. And that mostly has to do with their dominance of time spent on mobile. As time spent on mobile grows but desktop usage stays the same, the apps users spend the most time in stand to gain a lot of ad revenue as the "dollars shift with eyeballs," as Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg is fond of saying. Facebook is far and away the big winner, with daily users spending an average of over 50 minutes per day across its family of apps. There are a couple of things worth noting about that number. First, it's a global average. The average in the U.S. may be even higher, as there's better internet infrastructure. Second, Facebook said that number is still rising, even as the number of daily average users continues to increase, indicating that newer users are just as engaged as older users. Snap's (NYSE:SNAP) Snapchat users are also very engaged, averaging over 30 minutes per day in the app. But with significantly fewer users than Facebook and much lower ad inventory, it's not making a huge dent in the market. Analysts expect its revenue this year to increase two and half times, but that's only an additional $600 million. By comparison, Facebook's revenue is expected to climb about $11 billion this year. Google, meanwhile, is a bit different. It's not a platform designed for users to spend a lot of time on; it's designed to send them elsewhere. Nonetheless, Google is benefiting greatly from an increase in mobile searches and an improving ability to monetize them. Mobile search queries surpassed desktop queries in 2015 and have only continued to grow as a percentage of searches since then. Don't expect the gap to close entirely While Meeker says there's a $16 billion opportunity for businesses like Google and Facebook (or even Snap), that may be overstating the case. A minute spent on mobile may not be as valuable as a minute spent on a desktop computer. That's because U.S. consumers still prefer to do their online shopping on desktops. This past holiday season, just 21% of e-commerce sales took place over mobile. Importantly, growth in mobile's share of e-commerce is in line with the growth in the share of time spent on mobile, which indicates that consumers' willingness to shop on mobile isn't improving. So Sandberg's thesis that ad dollars will follow the eyeballs may not be entirely correct. That said, mobile users may not need to make a purchase on mobile for a mobile ad to be effective. A slide in Meeker's presentation shows that 26% of Facebook users that clicked on an ad ended up buying a product they saw on the social network. Notably, 7% of users who didn't click also bought a product they saw on Facebook. In other words, merely exposing consumers to products on mobile could lead to purchases on desktop or in stores later. That remains a measurement challenge for Facebook and advertisers, but it should help support closing the gap between time spent and money spent on mobile. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Adam Levy has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Facebook. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He consumes copious cups of coffee, and he loves alliteration. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinals mania ... Follow @admlvy Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 8:45PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $1,002.96 up $1.37 (0.14%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $153.87 up $0.75 (0.49%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $979.61 down $-1.47 (-0.15%) Snap Inc. NYSE:SNAP $18.95 down $0.61 (-3.14%) Read More Facebook's Expanding Product Portfolio is Driving Results Why Facebook Shareholders Have Nothing to Worry About Snap, Inc.'s Daily Active User Growth Fails to Impress Big Tech Earnings: Digging Through Apple and Facebook's Results YouTube and Facebook Are Going After Television Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Mobile-Ad Gap Is Shrinking @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $FB, $GOOG, $SNAP
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 61°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Thursday, June 8, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Morning Meeting with Hillary Chabot, Jaclyn Cashman, Tom Shattuck Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Apple's big wow moments: a voice speaker and augmented reality Marco della Cava, and Jon Swartz, USA TODAY Tuesday, June 06, 2017 Credit: Apple comments SAN JOSE, Calif. — Apple fans, don't fear. The iPhone maker has finally jumped into two of the hottest tech trends of the last two years — augmented reality and voice-activated speakers, with a promise to dominate these markets pioneered by its rivals. Two years after Amazon introduced its sleeper hit Echo device, and a year after Google Home, Apple now has the voice-activated HomePod, a high-end music speaker priced at $349 that will be powered by Siri. That often maligned but widely used artificial intelligence assistant is also getting an upgrade, though for HomePod, Siri's main task is clear: play music. Apple also unveiled a new augmented reality developer kit that would help Apple app developers integrate this technology that overlays digital images on the physical world, made popular by Pokemon Go. Facebook and Google have been showcasing such distorted reality tech at their own demos, with plans to revolutionize commerce and communication. Apple's entrance into augmented reality on iPhone could jump-start the industry that's mostly been a playground for games. The availability of AR technology on hundreds of millions of Apple's mobile devices has the potential to help make iOS  "the largest AR platform in the world overnight," CEO Tim Cook said. Apple has been playing catch-up on a variety of cutting-edge tech fronts, allowing competitors to take the lead on the next big computing platforms, all driven by artificial intelligence. In the case of both HomePod and ARKit, Apple is banking on fans of the brand potentially abandoning rival products in favor of whatever its in-house developers and independent developers create for the space.  "Today's WWDC announcements show that Apple is building the infrastructure for a whole new decade of engagement with AI (artificial intelligence at its core," Raj Aggarwal, co-founder and CEO of Localytics, who worked with Steve Jobs on the launch of the original iPhone.  "The last 10 years since the introduction of the first iPhone were focused on the mobile revolution, but the mobile innovation has now hit its plateau," he says. "AI really unlocks the power of what mobile offers. Now brands can take that data, make sense of it and interact with their users in real-time in a truly individualized way."  There were few wow moments, though, extending a trend in recent years of incremental refinements that keep loyalists happy but which fail to carve out huge new markets, like the first iPhones or iPods did.  Among the offerings: The ability to pay friends with Apple Pay. An iPad with a larger, sharper screen. How about an industrial strength iMac for $5,000? "What was in there for developers?" asked Holger Mueller, principal analyst at Constellation Research. "It's more WWDC — the D is for Demo. Or product demo."  Mainly, WWDC 2017 was just over two hours of jargon-filled tech-speak aimed not at consumers but rather developers, who are the lifeblood of any large technology company. These conferences, which include Google I/O and Facebook F8, are recruiting tools for companies to build hardware and software based on their computing platforms and products. The biggest pitch was left for the very last, when CEO Tim Cook announced the 7-inch, $349 HomePod, which ships in December. HomePod seems in many ways like an echo of existing products on the market, in everything from form to price. But where Amazon and Google are peddling a robotic home assistant, Apple leaned on its music roots with its pitch. Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, announced HomePod by taking a shot at the quality of the speakers in competitors' products. Apple purchased Beats Electronics a few years ago, and is hoping to pull fans of Beats headphones and wireless speakers over to HomePod. Beyond using Siri as "a great musicologist," Schiller said HomePod users could ask Siri — which now has a more natural sounding voice and can translate up to five languages — about the weather, news and sports, as well as dictate a text message and activate appliances that use Apple's HomeKit technology. Apple finally made good on months of talk about the coming age of augmented reality with its new AR Kit, part of iOS 11 that is available now for developers and scheduled as a free software update for iPhone and iPad this fall.  The developer toolkit leverages iOS devices' built-in cameras, processors and motion sensors to overlay digital images onto the physical world. A demo of a steaming coffee cup next to a lamp on a table drew hoots and hollers from the developer audience, although the first vestiges of the technology are likely to emerge in gaming environments. As for when an iPhone will be able to deliver an augmented reality experience, the only hint at timing from WWDC was when a representative from director Peter Jackson's Wingnut AR studios showcased an AR gaming demo that he said would arrive later in the year. Some of the more meat-and-potatoes news zeroed in on making iPad, iMac and iPhone a bit easier to use. For example: — A new iMac Pro is menacing in sleek black with a 27-inch screen and technology that makes it the company's "most powerful Mac ever" and will be available in December for $4,999. — A new version of Apple Pay now allows person-to-person payments. — A do not disturb option for the iPhone eliminates distracted driving by making the screen go black and sending notifications that you're behind the wheel. — The smaller iPad Pro bumps up around an inch in diameter to 10.5-inches and the iPad lineup gets features such as searchable handwritten text, an effort to goose slowing sales. — Toy Story heroes Buzz, Woody and Jessie join Mickey and Minnie Mouse as Apple Watch faces. Experts anticipate that Apple will pull the covers off a significantly revamped iPhone at its annual event in September, likely named not the 8 but the X, or 10, in a nod to the 10th anniversary of the iPhone's debut in 2007. The main iPhone updates announced at WWDC were a single-screen Control Panel, a new feature that disables the phone while driving, and a redesigned App Store that makes navigating the site easier on a phone.  Machine learning was a repeated buzzword throughout the keynote. The Apple Watch now leverages its data-crunching power to automatically populate its screen with the day's most pressing events, while Photos features improved facial-recognition capability to create Memories of recently photographed events.  Apple also took the opportunity to trumpet its ubiquity to the 5,300 developers who attended WWDC from 75 countries (the event moved from its 15-year home in San Francisco to accommodate the larger crowd). Cook noted that Apple has 16 million registered developers, up 3 million in 2016 alone, and has paid out $70 billion to developers since the store opened in 2008. Follow USA TODAY's San Francisco Bureau Chief Jon Swartz and Tech reporter Marco della Cava on Twitter. Related Articles U.S. finally has a soccer star in Christian Pulisic Apple unveils $349 HomePod to compete with Amazon Echo, Google Home Trump won't try to block James Comey's testimony More On: USA Today Apple Inc. Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets ‘Millionaire’s tax’ in cross hairs of big biz group marie szaniszlo business & markets Strike looms as Tufts nurses to reject contract lindsay kalter real estate E. Boston shopping district proposed for Maverick Sq. donna goodison business & markets $2.2 million project adds accessibility, preserves historical art jack encarnacao Trending Now House Democrats’ bills threaten DOC/ICE pact Errors leave Boston veterans shortchanged U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy is buried at Arlington National Cemetery. #HeraldArchive 1968 #HeraldArchives… Strike looms as Tufts nurses to reject contract Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 61°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Thursday, June 8, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Morning Meeting with Hillary Chabot, Jaclyn Cashman, Tom Shattuck Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Apple takes on Amazon Echo and Google Home with its own smart speaker Tracey Lien Tuesday, June 06, 2017 Credit: The Associated Press Phil Schiller, Apple's senior vice president of worldwide marketing, speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) Credit: The Associated Press Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif., Monday, June 5, 2017. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez) prev next         comments Apple replaced record collections with the iPod and earned front pocket real estate with the iPhone. Now it’s going after a bigger target: your home. The Cupertino, Calif., company announced Monday at its annual World Wide Developers Conference in San Jose the HomePod, a home speaker with Apple’s digital assistant Siri built into it. Similar to Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home — voice-activated, internet-connected speakers that play music, answer questions and provide information such as the news, weather, sports updates and metric conversions — the HomePod listens and responds to voice commands. Using the HomePod is like using Siri, without the need to tap any buttons. To get its attention, users simply say, “Hey, Siri.” At around 7 inches tall, the device is wrapped in a mesh fabric and comes in white and dark gray. Powered by an A8 chip — the same chip found in the iPhone — it is also spatially aware, modifying the direction of sound to suit its environment. Starting at $349, the device, which ships in December, is nearly double the cost of the Amazon Echo ($179.99) and more than three times the price of the Google Home ($109). The price tag isn’t surprising, according to technology analysts, who said Apple has always sold its products at a higher price point because it wants to convey that its gadgets are more premium than the competition’s. And while its competition has had a head start — the Amazon Echo launched in 2014 for Amazon Prime members and the Google Home was released last year — experts in voice and visual search said instead of being late to the party, Apple could raise the bar like it did for digital music players when it launched the iPod, or smartphones, as it did with the iPhone. “Voice is the next frontier for search and discovery, and there are lots of opportunities to leverage voice command within the home,” said Michael Levine, vice president of marketing at Photon, a firm that creates voice-based digital experiences. “It definitely puts a dent into Google Home.” During its developers conference, Apple highlighted the difference between the HomePod and the Echo, saying that while the Echo was “smart” compared to wireless speakers such Sonos’ offerings, its sound quality left much to be desired. The HomePod, in comparison, was the best of both worlds. “It’s a great dance they’re doing,” Levine said, because as powerful as Apple’s technology may be, Amazon remains the market leader and has a built-in market in Amazon Prime subscribers. Apple did not announce any partnerships for the HomePod on Monday, but Levine expects the company to throw around its weight to secure partnerships that give it leverage over Amazon. More than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than doubling from last year, according to the research firm eMarketer. Amazon just unveiled a version of the Echo with a camera, touch-screen display and video-calling capabilities. The new Echo Show goes on sale on June 28 for $230. Amazon also has the Echo Dot, a budget version of the Echo that starts at $49.99. Google, meanwhile, previewed new speaker features such as hands-free phone calling during its software conference last month. Microsoft also has announced its own speaker with Samsung’s Harman business; it will use Microsoft’s Cortana digital assistant. Until Monday, that left Apple as the one of the few major tech companies without a home speaker offering. Although it was the first smartphone maker to come out with a digital assistant when Siri debuted in 2011, it hasn’t had a stand-alone assistant. For Apple, having one broadens the role that its software, services and gadgets play in people’s lives. It wouldn’t be the first time that Apple hopped on the bandwagon of a technology product popularized by a competitor. For instance, Apple initially resisted enlarging the size of the iPhone’s screen despite strong sales for larger-display phones made by Samsung and other rivals. But the company relented, and Apple’s larger phones have become hot commodities as more people have embraced having a bigger display to look at pictures and watch video on the devices. The HomePod is Apple’s first new line of products since the Apple Watch in 2015. The lack of a recent breakthrough device has periodically raised concerns that Apple has become too dependent on the iPhone and supported the theory that the company lost its knack for innovation when its co-founder Steve Jobs died of cancer in 2011. Although Apple Watch has emerged as the leader in its technological niche, it hasn’t become a smash hit like the iPhone or the iPad — at least until tablet sales started declining. With more and more companies betting on voice and visual search being the next frontier, the HomePod positions Apple as a major player in a burgeoning category. During Monday’s event Apple also introduced updates and improvements to its professional line of Mac laptops and desktops, and iPads. The company announced the new iMac Pro, Apple’s most powerful computer to date with a 27-inch Retina 5K display, which will go on sale in December starting at $4,999. It also announced a new 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pro that’s faster and more powerful than existing models with more memory and storage, which will go on sale next week and start at $649. In addition to new hardware, Apple announced the new mobile operating system, bolstered augmented and virtual reality tools for developers, expanded Apple Pay to allow for person-to-person money transfers (similar to Venmo and Square’s Cash app), and revamped its app store. ——— ©2017 Los Angeles Times.  Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. Visit the Los Angeles Times at www.latimes.com Related Articles Siri, speakers and software: Highlights from the Apple show Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Apple unveils $349 HomePod to compete with Amazon Echo, Google Home More On: Apple Inc Samsung Electronics Co Ltd Steve Jobs Share this Article Join the Conversation Top Business Stories business & markets ‘Millionaire’s tax’ in cross hairs of big biz group marie szaniszlo business & markets Strike looms as Tufts nurses to reject contract lindsay kalter real estate E. Boston shopping district proposed for Maverick Sq. donna goodison business & markets $2.2 million project adds accessibility, preserves historical art jack encarnacao Trending Now House Democrats’ bills threaten DOC/ICE pact Errors leave Boston veterans shortchanged U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy is buried at Arlington National Cemetery. #HeraldArchive 1968 #HeraldArchives… Strike looms as Tufts nurses to reject contract Market Summary and Investments Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Advertisements Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Thursday 08 June, 2017 Breaking News > Asia, Latest Stories, Middle East UAE ruling family member: Qatar now questioning i... Trending Topics: UP ELECTION - Donald Trump - India v/s Bangladesh Cricket - South Asia - Elections UAE ruling family member: Qatar now questioning its leaders 3rd French victim of London Bridge attacks confirmed Officials: Notre Dame police attacker was doctoral student Iranian foreign minister due in Turkey for talks Philippines asks social media to remove militant video Business World Africa Asia Europe Middle East North America Pacific South America South Asia India Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- Paper Published On: Wed, Jun 7th, 2017 Latest Stories / Technology | By New Delhi Times Bureau Apple’s HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Share This Tags Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers — the latest test of the iPhone maker’s ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple’s technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. NO PLACE LIKE HOMEPOD The “HomePod” speaker unveiled at Apple’s annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple’s iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple’s own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod’s owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. “It will reinvent home audio,” boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. APPLE VS. THE DRY SPELL The HomePod is Apple’s first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn’t been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company’s ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs’ last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad — all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company “can’t afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it’s also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant and Microsoft’s Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple’s assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) “This is the start of the AI wars,” he said. MACS, PHONES AND PAYMENTS Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality “experiences,” although the company didn’t announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple’s web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It’s part of Apple’s effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. New features coming to iPhones and iPads, meanwhile, include marginal improvements such as syncing messages to Apple servers in the cloud, saving storage space on phones and tablets. Apple also laid some groundwork for augmented reality, the projection of digital features onto real-world surroundings, by giving app developers tools for incorporating AR into their products. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP) Advertisements Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News UAE ruling family member: Qatar now questioning its leaders 3rd French victim of London Bridge attacks confirmed Officials: Notre Dame police attacker was doctoral student Iranian foreign minister due in Turkey for talks Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 [email protected] Article Submission Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Us Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2017, [email protected] Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . Online advertising: Vodafone says it will blacklist sites that run hate speech or fake news Chris Keall Wednesday June 7, 2017 10 Share The Steve Bannon-founded Breitbart News was blacklisted by Xero. Vodafone hasn't revealed which sites are on its whitelist, or blacklist RELATED AUDIO: Ian Apperley says banning encryption is impractical and introduces gigantic security risks (Jun 7) Play Log in or subscribe to listen to audio. Pause Add to MyNBR Radio 0 0:00 0:10 Play NBR radio on Vodafone has today introduced new global rules intended to prevent its advertising from appearing within outlets focused on creating and sharing hate speech and fake news, the company's NZ consumer director Matt Williams says. The new rules, which are now in effect, include Vodafone's definition of hate speech and fake news for the purposes of determining whether a particular outlet should carry Vodafone advertising. Ad networks like Google spray ads over thousands of sites, meaning ads inevitably appear next to embarrassing or inappropriate content at times (including on the Google-owned YouTube). Advertisers have limited control but can blacklist certain sites from the mix. There is no change to Vodafone's policy on network access to the outlets in question, Mr Williams emphasises. In a similar move, Xero blacklisted Breitbart News in December last year, saying "it doesn't reflect our values." The move drew plaudits from some NBR commenters, but others saw it as an attack on free speech, or that Xero had been overly presumptive in its categorisation of Breitbart (the conservative news site founded by hardliner Steve Bannon, now a strategic adviser to Donald Trump). A spokeswoman for Xero said some local sites were also blacklisted but declined to name any. Vodafone also refused to comment on specific New Zealand sites, telling NBR, "We’re not able to release the whitelist but all the major New Zealand outlets are on it." “As one of the largest brands in New Zealand and globally, we know we must take a stand on issues that are important to our people; customers, staff and shareholders, and to society,” Mr Williams says. “Fortunately, the New Zealand media landscape has not seen the sorts of hate speech and fake news outlets that have become common in some of our other markets, so in New Zealand the whitelist is fairly comprehensive,” said Matt.  “However, we have taken steps to ensure digital networks that distribute our advertising to specific international outlets must declare all those websites for our review to be included on our whitelist.” Noose tightening on freedom of information The UK-based Vodafone's move comes as British prime minister Theresa May pushes for tighter rules around internet use in general in the wake of the latest London terror attacks — including a ban on encryption. Tech commentator Ian Apperley says such a move would handicap many mainstream services that incorporate encrypted traffic, from Apple iMessage to Skype to Google Drive, undermining the security of consumers' and businesses' information. He sees terrorists being pushed to the dark web, and pushing on with their communications unhindered.  Noose tightening on ads Vodafone's announcement also comes in the same week Google has confirmed plans to add an ad blocker to its popular Chrome web browser and switch it on by default – an industry-first that will push ad blocking (already adopted by up to one million Kiwis) further into the mainstream. Google has allied with an independent group called the Coalition for Better Ads to create a laundry list of annoying or intrusive advertising formats that will be automatically blocked. Cynics have noted that all of Google's ad formats are whitelisted. RAW DATA: Vodafone statement/definition of hate speech Blocking advertising on hate speech and fake news outlets  Vodafone, third parties acting on its behalf and its advertising platform suppliers (including, but not limited to, Google and Facebook) must take all measures necessary to ensure that Vodafone advertising does not appear within hate speech and fake news outlets. We define these as outlets whose predominant purpose is the dissemination of content that is: deliberately intended to degrade women or vulnerable minorities (“hate speech”); or presented as fact-based news (as opposed to satire or opinion) that has no credible primary source (or relies on fraudulent attribution to a primary source) with what a reasonable person would conclude is the deliberate intention to mislead (“fake news”). Note that: the term “outlet” encompasses all social media, digital, print and broadcast channels, sites, apps, programmes and publications; the term “advertising” encompasses all forms of brand promotion including advertising, advertorial, sponsorship and co-marketing arrangements; and these mandatory rules apply to all Vodafone brands, subsidiary brands, joint venture brands and sub-brands. The hate speech and fake news definitions, above, apply to an outlet as a whole. The test is whether or not the predominant purpose of the entire outlet is to communicate and share this kind of harmful material. An outlet that carries some hate speech or fake news content – but where the majority of content disseminated would not meet the tests above – must not be categorised as warranting exclusion from advertising whitelists on hate speech/fake news grounds. The rules above are designed to protect the integrity of Vodafone’s brands and sub-brands and relate purely to restrictions on advertising placement. They do not, and must never, be used as the basis for restrictions on access to content by our customers (or any other users) who must remain free to create, view and share all lawful content as they choose. Read more from Chris Keall Email Chris: ckeall@nbr.co.nz Follow @@ChrisKeall 10 · Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. Featured Comment:  "George Orwell once said, 'The further a society drifts from the truth, the more it will hate those that speak it'.” This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Technology Vodafone ad blocking Breitbart Related Articles:  The rise of real news Sun 4 Jun 17 14 Xero blacklists Breitbart Tue 6 Dec 16 21 Paid content ComCom investigates Vodafone’s Fibre X Wed 7 Jun 17 9 Post Comment 10 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified #1 by J R  2 days ago So we can degrade anyone so long as it isn't intentional. We can only deliberately degrade men ( that don't belong to a vulnerable minority), any group of people that represent more than half of the population and minorities not deemed to be vulnerable ( As long as we have a credible source ) ? Got it. Reply Share Share   0 0 #2 by Anonymous 1 day ago George Orwell once said, “The further a society drifts from the truth, the more it will hate those that speak it.” The new rule of thumb seems to be this: If I don’t like what you are saying – even if it is true – I will simply dismiss you as a hater and your words as hate speech. There you go – simple. Now we no longer have to deal with truth – we just dismiss it as hate. Reply Share Share   2 0 by The Horse 1 day ago in reply to Anonymous Also why we see governments - our own included - seeking ever more to resist the OIA and obfuscate issues, at the same time as seeking ever more access to citizens' private communications. The book Complacent Nation (available at Unity branches) is an excellent read on how this obfuscation plays out in NZ. Reply Share Share   0 0 #3 by mouse 1 day ago Is Vodafone doing this today in support Theresa May in the UK who is trying to block sites because of the latest terrorist attacks and because she wants to be seen doing something because she wants to win the election next week? Reply Share Share   0 0 by Anonymous 1 day ago in reply to mouse Re; Theresa May, the internet is designed to be an open portal, traditionally borders are not, the latter would be easier to close in the light of the terror attacks Reply Share Share   0 0 #4 by Aposematism 1 day ago This is literally ridiculous. What determines fake news? We don't speak of the falsified reports on the iraqi nuclear weapons program from 2003 as "fake news". Isn't it horrific that liberals feel they must lie, censor and deny their opposition any platform simply because their platform doesn't even work anymore. If anything, new media is consuming and superseding old media. They fear losing their grip on the minds of the people they inform or misinform. Reply Share Share   1 0 #5 by Drew V2.0 1 day ago Why is this news? Vodafone is simply trying to control which web sites it want to have its branding associated with. Surely the first web site to blacklist would be Spark. It is time companies realised that when they advertise on the net they have very little control over where their brand is promoted. So good for Vodafone to take a lead and to raise awareness of this issue. Reply Share Share   0 0 #6 by Drew V2.0 1 day ago From the other side of the screen as a browser of many web pages should I be considering who gets paid money if I click on and advertising link? It is well known that web pages that generate ad referral traffic earn money. This money comes from the advertiser. So by Vodafone saying they do not want their ads on an ISIS web page also means that Vodafone is not inadvertently funding ISIS. Good on Vodafone for deciding where their advertising budget ends up. Reply Share Share   0 0 #7 by Roland 18 hours ago I love the arrogance of these corporations thinking they can control the flow of information. We are living in great times the internet has allowed a flowering of alternative media which means we again have a popular press instead of just corporate or government press. Vodafone should think about placing its ads where the eyeballs are instead of trying to lecture consumers and limiting its ads to outlets no one watches any longer. A bigots dollar is worth the same as any other. Reply Share Share   1 0 by The Horse 12 hours ago in reply to Roland Corporations and governments alike. No one at the top seems to like the idea of free speech for plebs or transparency for themselves. Reply Share Share   0 0 Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7221 0.0034 0.47% AUD 0.9568 0.0036 0.38% EUR 0.6436 0.0050 0.78% GBP 0.5588 0.0042 0.76% HKD 5.6290 0.0274 0.49% JPY 79.4420 0.4530 0.57% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1293.2 -7.550 2017-06-07T00: Oil Brent 48.4 -1.890 2017-06-07T00: Oil Nymex 46.0 -2.340 2017-06-07T00: Silver Index 17.6 -0.090 2017-06-07T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7473.7 7473.7 7467.9 -0.12% NASDAQ 6311.7 6311.9 6297.4 -0.14% DAX 12688.5 12740.4 12672.5 0.22% DJI 21169.8 21204.8 21173.7 -0.05% FTSE 7478.6 7489.7 7478.6 -0.30% HKSE 25974.0 26070.0 25974.2 0.34% NI225 20048.3 20061.2 19984.6 -0.38% ASX 5667.2 5679.1 5667.2 0.17% Most Popular Read Entrepreneur visa attracts 300 applicants from around the world in first year, Woodhouse says Media and advertisers facing ongoing industry disruption, PwC says Airline group unhappy at Auckland Airport's pricing reset Equity crowdfunders want retail investment cap lifted ‘Its time has come’ – Seymour on End of Life Choice bill Commented Government looks at special purpose vehicles to fund Auckland Council to support housing US Secretary of State defends US withdrawal from Paris climate agreement Govt, Akl Council investigate peak hour traffic tolls to cut congestion KiwiRail board backed diesel engines to keep freight customers, Bridges says Online advertising: Vodafone says it will blacklist sites that run hate speech or fake news Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Auckland Airport’s Adrian Littlewood justifies its pricing reset There are risks for businesses and investment in NZ from the latest global tax crackdown, says tax partner Brendan Brown ACT's Seymour speaks about his End of Life Choice Bill after it was pulled from the ballot James Comey’s statement sure to stoke curiosity at upcoming Senate testimony, on Trump’s Beltway NBR Radio: best of the week ended June 2, with Grant Walker Only available on Previous article ComCom investigates Vodafone’s Fibre X Government looks at special purpose vehicles to fund Auckland Council to support housing Next article Private equity bid for Vocus confirmed, speculation over NZ assets Media and advertisers facing ongoing industry disruption, PwC says Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Online advertising: Vodafone says it will blacklist sites that run hate speech or fake news
nzherald.co.nz Business Friday, 09 June 2017 Sign into your NZ Herald Register here Find out more My News Your news how you want it. On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later. Find out more Register now NZ Herald  > Business New Zealand Regional News Sport Business Property Technology World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Rural Driven Motoring News Video Photos Puzzles & Quizzes Classifieds Crime Politics Health News NZ Herald Focus Infographics Property Weather NZH Local Focus The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today Rotorua Daily Post Wanganui Chronicle Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Rugby League Cricket Football Netball Basketball Golf Motorsport Sailing Hockey Tennis Bowls UFC Boxing Athletics Triathlon Racing American Sports Small Business Business Opinion Personal Finance Currency Table Economy Business Travel Deloitte 200 Property Herald Homes True Commercial Spy TV Movies Books Music Culture Sideswipe Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Relationships Wellbeing Pets & Animals Bite Viva Canvas Horoscopes Africa Americas Asia Australia Europe Middle East NZ Travel Pacific Sudoku Codecracker Crosswords Wordsearch Daily quizzes Super Rugby All Blacks Lions Tour Rugby Champs NPC Six Nations Black Caps Domestic Cricket F1 V8 Rallying NZ Motorsport Indycar Motorcycling Speedway NASCAR Drifting Driven Motoring Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trending Topics America's Cup racing London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions tour Weather Weather Home Kaitaia Whangarei Dargaville Auckland Thames Tauranga Hamilton Whakatane Rotorua Tokoroa Te Kuiti Taumarunui Taupo Gisborne New Plymouth Napier Hastings Dannevirke Whanganui Palmerston North Levin Paraparaumu Masterton Wellington Motueka Nelson Blenheim Westport Reefton Kaikoura Greymouth Hokitika Christchurch Ashburton Timaru Wanaka Oamaru Queenstown Dunedin Gore Invercargill NZME Network NZ Herald The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay Of Plenty Times Rotorua Daily Post Hawke's Bay Today Wanganui Chronicle The Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Viva Bite Spy Driven Motoring True Commercial The Country NZ Herald Insights Chinese Herald NewsPix WatchMe iHeart Radio GrabOne follow NZ herald on: Newstalk ZB The difference is opinion From breaking news to debate and conversation, we bring NZ the news as it happens. Grab One Grab life by the deals Do more of the things you love, and get more of the things you need, for less. About NZME Help & Support Contact Us Subscribe to NZ Herald Manage Your Subscription NZ Herald Digital Edition Advertise with NZME Book Your Ad Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017 NZME. Publishing Limited Breaking news: Kiwi manufacturing volumes fall 7 Jun, 2017 11:31am Quick Read After anti-Muslim tweet, Breitbart writer says she was fired 7 Jun, 2017 11:50am Quick Read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. BUSINESS Vodafone cracks down on Google and Facebook 7 Jun, 2017 11:44am 6 minutes to read × Vodafone will be cracking down on advertising with Facebook and Google. Photo / File Daily Telegraph UK Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × Vodafone, one of the world's biggest advertising spenders, will crack down on fake news and extremist material online, challenging Google and Facebook to cut off the flow of money to "abusive and damaging" outlets. The telecoms giant, which is understood to spend nearly £400 million ($719m) a year on digital advertising out of a total budget of £750m, unveiled new rules it said will protect its brand from appearing alongside material that is "fundamentally at odds" with its "values and beliefs as a company". To participate in Vodafone campaigns, online networks including Google and Facebook will have to place its advertising only on outlets that have been pre-approved as highly unlikely to be focused on fake news or hate speech. They "must take all measures necessary to ensure that Vodafone advertising does not appear within hate speech and fake news outlets", the company added. The new policy makes Vodafone, which spends its online advertising budget in the UK via the WPP agency MEC, the biggest name yet to move to a so-called whitelisting approach across the board. Previously rogue websites and channels on services such as YouTube were often blacklisted, but there has been mounting concern that fake news and extremist material have become too prevalent to monitor. Advertisement Advertise with NZME. "As one of the largest brands in New Zealand and globally we know we must take a stand on issues that are important to our people; customers, staff and shareholders, and to society," said Vodafone New Zealand consumer director Matt Williams. "Fortunately the New Zealand media landscape has not seen the sorts of hate speech and fake news outlets that have become common in some of our other markets, so in New Zealand the whitelist is fairly comprehensive. However we have taken steps to ensure that digital networks which distribute our advertising to specific international outlets must declare all those websites for our review in order to be included on our whitelist," Williams said. Vodafone Group chief executive Vittorio Colao said: "Hate speech and fake news threaten to undermine the principles of respect and trust that bind communities together. Vodafone has a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion; we also greatly value the integrity of the democratic processes and institutions that are often the targets of purveyors of fake news. We will not tolerate our brand being associated with this kind of abusive and damaging content." The company said outlets will not be allowed on its whitelist if their main purpose is to disseminate material intended to degrade women or vulnerable minorities. Satire and opinion will be allowed, but fake news websites that deliberately intend to mislead readers will be excluded. Vodafone also highlighted that its policy specifically bars any attempt to threaten to withdraw advertising from outlets that criticise the company. It comes amid growing anger over the placement of major brand advertising alongside YouTube videos posted by Isis supporters and allegations that the video service is facilitating the funding of terrorism, as its contributors receive a share of revenues. Anti-semitic videos on YouTube, which is owned by Google, have run alongside advertising from Land Rover and the insurer Axa. In March the Government suspended advertising on YouTube after its campaigns were placed alongside extremist videos. Eric Schmidt, chairman of Google's parent company Alphabet, has admitted that its advertising algorithms and blacklists cannot completely protect brands from extremist material. Google "can't guarantee it but we can get pretty close", he said. Vodafone has been working on its stricter new approach to extremist material and fake news for eight months, since around the time of the US election. Debate over the impact of fake news on the unsuccessful Hillary Clinton campaign has raged. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg initially dismissed its influence, before introducing new reporting tools to discourage its spread on the social network. American brands including Kellogg's have blacklisted the controversial right-wing website Breitbart, which has links to the Trump administration and has been accused of championing discrimination and conspiracy theories. Breitbart rejects the allegations. Commercial concerns are also in play for advertisers seeking to increase the efficiency of their spending. Big brands have registered growing concern abut the effectiveness of online advertising networks, which can spread campaigns across tens of thousands of outlets. A study in by the US retail bank JP Morgan Chase slashed the number of websites its advertising appeared on from about 400,000 to a whitelist of only about 5000, with no apparent impact on custom. The ineffectiveness of advertising networks is also understood to have played a role in Vodafone's decision. The shift will be welcomed by major news publishers, who are likely to receive a boost in income as more brands adopt a whitelisting approach that will divide their budgets across fewer outlets. They will also hope it will mean news publishers get a greater share of online advertising growth. Google and Facebook's dominance has been increasing, threatening efforts to replace declining print revenues. It follows a potential boost for publishers in the Conservative manifesto, which pledged to ensure "there is a sustainable business model for high-quality media online, to create a level playing field for our media and creative industries". A Vodafone source said its new policy partly signalled "a return to the old days, where we know the publications that are going to be hosting our brand". Vodafone's decision was also welcomed in the television industry, which is also seeking to stem the flow of spending to digital players. Sky chief operating officer Andrew Griffith said: "This just reinforces the return to TV advertising with its enduring strength of being a highly regulated, transparent and brand-safe environment along with the additional benefit of supporting local jobs and paying substantial taxes." Lindsey Clay, chief executive of the television advertising lobby Thinkbox, added: "Most people don't want to hang out with racists, extremists or liars in the shady corners of dodgy parties. Brands are no different. "It is good news that brands are taking this issue so seriously and the media industry should welcome Vodafone's move." Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × Trending Topics America's Cup latest London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions Latest from Business BUSINESS Fibre rollout racing ahead, says Chorus 7 Jun, 2017 11:44am 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Would this block you from a home loan? 7 Jun, 2017 11:44am 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 7 Jun, 2017 11:44am 4 minutes to read BUSINESS Auckland loses two pie factories 7 Jun, 2017 11:44am 3 minutes to read Latest News Most Read WORLD District calls student's blackface an 'innocent mistake' 9 Jun, 2017 2:00am Quick Read ENTERTAINMENT Kevin Spacey tight-lipped about his plans as host of Tonys 9 Jun, 2017 1:55am 3 minutes to read BUSINESS First tanker with US natural gas reaches Poland 9 Jun, 2017 1:55am 2 minutes to read SPORT India hits 321-6 against Sri Lanka in Champions Trophy 9 Jun, 2017 1:50am 3 minutes to read WORLD Will Trump survive bombshell? 8 Jun, 2017 3:04pm 5 minutes to read LIFESTYLE Why you should never dry clothes indoors 8 Jun, 2017 1:39pm 2 minutes to read SPORT From Warriors to ABs for bolter Laumape 8 Jun, 2017 2:43pm 5 minutes to read SPORT Lions bring in big guns to face Crusaders 8 Jun, 2017 6:05pm 2 minutes to read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. Currency converter: Amount: From this currency: New Zealand Dollars (NZD) Australia Dollars (AUD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) To this currency: Australia Dollars (AUD) New Zealand Dollars (NZD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) Convert Trending in Business BUSINESS Coca-Cola fizzing over sugar-free future 8 Jun, 2017 5:17am 3 minutes to read Coca-Cola has launched its new product and unveiled a huge strategic shift for the company BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 8 Jun, 2017 6:31pm 4 minutes to read Auckland Airport's boss downplayed criticism that new charges are "unjustifiably high". BUSINESS Preschool fined $254K for funding claims 8 Jun, 2017 1:24pm 5 minutes to read A Montessori preschool has been fined $254,000 for misleading parents about funding. National Business Sport Property World Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Technology
Google Android refreshes itself | Bangkok Post: opinion News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More OPINION Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive E-PAPER SIGN IN About E-Paper Subscribe Free Trial Report problem Contact us opinion homepage Opinion View latest View by columnist Postbag Online poll Most commented Expat forum Opinion > Opinion Google Android refreshes itself James Hein IT professional Mail 7 Jun 2017 at 04:00 NEWSPAPER SECTION: LIFE 1,732 viewed0 comments - + Android 8 -- or O -- will be coming out soon, with the beta already available for lucky Nexus and Pixel users. Google is introducing "Fluid Experiences" that include picture in picture, Notification Dots, autofill and smart-text selection. The first will allow you to have an app open but with also, say, a small window running a YouTube video, just like TVs can do. Notification dots show that you have an app notification. A long press will bring up the item, which is useful. You have all seen autofill on forms and for passwords; this is finally appearing in Android. As has been the case for the last few versions, Google is also focusing on maximising security, optimising boot times and app performance, and intelligently limiting background activity for apps to save battery life. These are all welcome enhancements. Google is also investing heavily in Daydream VR technology. Talking to those fortunate to have a Samsung Galaxy S8, the latest VR offerings are very nice, but I wonder how many of them have bumped into the furniture using the device. There are already over 150 Daydream apps, and support for 11 devices. Like Google Glass, however, the adoption of the technology has been slower than expected. Primarily, I suspect the lonely 20-something group. For this to really take off, they will need to somehow get rid of the large goggles. My first attempt to install SQLServer on an Ubuntu virtual machine did not go so well. When you read this, I will be travelling on holiday, so the next attempt will have to wait. I did get as far as installing Ubuntu, but there was a communications issue with the Microsoft site. Any Windows user will have seen a message along the lines of "The file is in use" blocking some action. There are some complex ways of unlocking files, and simple ones like closing a document. Sometimes, however, the locking program is not obvious. Enter IObit Unlocker from iobit.com. This is a free utility that allows you to right-click on the blocked file or folder and open up the offending program. It also allows you to unlock the file directly or force the locking program to close, though you may want to take care with that last option. Once the file is unlocked, you can delete, move, or rename it normally. The IOBit Unlocker application also has easy "Unlock & Delete", "Unlock & Rename", and "Unlock & Move" options. Just click the arrow to the right of the "Unlock" button. Some older readers will remember the OS/2 operating system brought to the world by IBM. The last version arrived at the same time Windows 95 did, but even though it was a better OS, it had a poorer graphic user interface, and Microsoft was onerous with its licensing. The latter hasn't changed much, but the company Arca Noae has recently released version 5.0. If you want to relive some memories or update a still-running version of OS/2, then check their website. It will even run under VirtualBox, VMware ESXi and VirtualPC. So far on my world travels, I have found a wide range of connectivity, from none at all to seamless free Wi-Fi. So far, most modern hotels have free Wi-Fi of some kind. Some have a password but others have none. The tour bus I was travelling on for a few days even had Wi-Fi, but the bus had to be in range of a phone tower, which in mountainous Canada can be difficult. Restaurants, shopping centres and stores have also varied in connectivity, but certainly in the modern age most people have a mobile phone, and most of those are walking while using it. Europe is next, and it will be interesting see if I have the same range of experiences. Hopefully you are not one of the 36.5 million Android users infected by the advertising fraud malware "Judy" that could have been hiding in the Google Play Store for years. Researchers at Checkpoint found it in 41 apps in the Store, all made by Korean publisher Enistudio. Researchers at the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology Australia are claiming to have developed the "world's thinnest hologram". The long-term goal is a new TV system that will sport 3D holographic images such as those sometimes seen in sci-fi movies. Better will be pop-up images on mobile phones and watches. The technology involves antimony telluride (Sb2Te3) and allows for images 60 nanometres thick. They need it 10 times thinner, and then there is the power issues, but this is one step along the path to micro-holographic chess. In case you were wondering, physicists in the US have found evidence that event horizons around black holes do exist, reinforcing Einstein's theory of general relativity. This contradicts a new theory that black holes may be just a big solid object. It appears North Korea was responsible for the US$81 million (2.75 billion baht) heist from an account held by the Central Bank of Bangladesh, as well as some Polish banks, adding to its earlier Sony hack. James Hein is an IT professional of over 30 years' standing. You can contact him at jclhein@gmail.com. RECOMMENDED STORIES Moral 'decency' Calm down, America. Attacks won't break Britain Blockchain test could change Russia Regime TV show must address the real issues Patrols watch porous border Drama without rights Safer vehicles can make terrorist strikes much harder Is Paris accord unfair to America? Media turn murder into one big circus Most Viewed 35,144 Real cut-ups 4,687 'Bob' Halliday gone, but his light ... 4,448 'The Thai Way' clogs up our flooded ... 4,002 All it took was a raised eyebrow or ... 3,814 Media turn murder into one big ... Recent OPINION Articles PR follow-up vital to boost Thai fortunes Supercar tax-dodging game far too easy Don't blow windfall tax Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 3 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this MOST RECENT 21:05 Indonesia, Philippines make arrests linked to city siege 20:54 videoFootage shows police shooting London attackers dead 20:50 Man wanted in Sweden arrested in Thailand 20:26 Nearly 70 dead in al-Shabab attack on Somalia military base 18:53 photoA day in photos 18:32 videoBaby elephant trapped in deep hole rescued 18:15 UK polls open after campaign marred by attacks 17:56 4 NOB officials in alleged temple corruption 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 Bangkok Post Public Company Limited Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Social Icons Sunday Aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Contact us Sunday Aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Contact us Menu Home PAKISTAN Punjab Sindh Islamabad Balochistan Khyber Pakhtunkhwa World Business Sports Life and Style Music Fashion Tv & Film Gossip Food Books Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters Blog E-paper Home PAKISTAN Punjab Sindh Islamabad Balochistan Khyber Pakhtunkhwa World Business Sports Life and Style Music Fashion Tv & Film Gossip Food Books Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters Blog E-paper Apple ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon, Google 07-Jun-17 by AFP SAN JOSÉ: Apple will later this year release a "HomePod" music-centric smart home speaker, challenging a market currently dominated by Amazon and Google in its latest move to weave deeper into people's lives. HomePod, aided by Apple's Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain, the tech giant announced at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. "We really believe it is going to take your home music experience to the next level," Apple chief executive Tim Cook said as he unveiled it. HomePod will take on lower priced Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have had momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. It is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Apple vice president Phil Schiller said the company's Siri team had tuned the assistant into a "musicologist" that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the internet cloud. The speaker has the "power to rock the house," according to Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a potent assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. HomePod capped a keynote presentation that included updates to Apple's iPad and Mac laptop lines, and upgraded operating software enabling augmented reality for iPhones and iPads. Analysts said Apple is playing to its strength in the music industry by focusing on sound quality and its catalog of songs. "Apple is smart to frame the HomePod as a music-centric and audio-centric device rather than just another smart speaker or another home for Siri," said Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. "The fact that Apple is claiming to marry really great and smart audio with a smart assistant and cloud music service makes this device unique in the market." Some industry insiders, however, note Apple will be under more pressure to improve the computing smarts of its Siri software in the face of offerings from rivals Google and Amazon. Apple has given Siri new male and female voices, described as more natural and expressive, and added abilities such as translating English phrases into Chinese, French, German, Italian or Spanish. Apple said it is also using 'on-device learning' to enable Siri to take people's tastes into account. Amazon has dominated the connected speakers category since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods and control connected appliances. A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6 percent of the US market, compared with 23.8 percent for Google Home. Cook also used the Apple keynote to show off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provide glimpses at coming versions of the software powering the technology titan's devices. Apple senior vice president of software engineering Craig Federighi said the next Mac operating system will be named "High Sierra" in tribute to the California mountain range. High Sierra features will include being able to stop unexpected videos from starting to play automatically when landing on web pages and "intelligent tracking prevention" that will prevent ads from following people about the internet. High Sierra will be released later this year as a free update, according to Federighi. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple unveiled an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. Aimed at high-end design professionals rather than the home market, the iMac Pro is to begin shipping in December with a starting price of $4,999. Daily Times Company Financials Investor Information Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Copyright © 2017 Daily Times
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 239 Plus 1 on G+ 1179 Share on Facebook 437 Share on Twitter Total Shares1418 Applications News Earlier today, Netflix started showing up as 'incompatible' on the Play Store for rooted and unlocked Android devices. However, the app itself continued to work fine, leading some (including myself) to think it could have been an accident. However, Netflix has now confirmed to us that blocking modified devices from downloading the app was intentional. This is the full statement: With our latest 5.0 release, we now fully rely on the Widevine DRM provided by Google; therefore, many devices that are not Google-certified or have been altered will no longer work with our latest app and those users will no longer see the Netflix app in the Play Store. If you're not familiar with it, Widevine is a Google-made DRM technology that works across various desktop and mobile platforms. Widevine categorizes devices into three security levels, ranging from all processes running in the Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) to not running anything in TEE at all. However, the Play Store listing seems tied to a device's SafetyNet status (which is used by Android Pay), rather than the Widevine TEE. For example, Artem's bootloader-unlocked stock Pixel is still on Widevine Level 1, the most secure level, but fails SafetyNet because it is unlocked. The update's changelog also confirms that: "Version 5.0 only works with devices that are certified by Google and meet all Android requirements." What isn't exactly clear is why only the Play Store listing is blocked, but the app itself continued to function normally. I tried both Netflix 4.16 and 5.0.4 (the latest version, from today), and both worked without problems on my unlocked and rooted Galaxy Tab S (which is labeled as Widevine Security Level 3). Maybe at some point the app will stop working, but that does not appear to be the case right now. If you have a blocked device, I recommend following the Pushbullet channel for Netflix on APKMirror (click the Pushbullet button on that page) so you can continue to receive updates outside the Play Store. Tags block DRM netflix widevine subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Benson-approved 9ft USB-C AmazonBasics cables are $7.99 (20% off), 6ft 15% off ... Next Story LG has pulled the T-Mobile G6 'Buy one, get one' promotion Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Sergio Carmona But why???? First the vpn's now this... why oh why??? Jimk4003 Surely because licensing is regionally specific, and because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. I get that it might be annoying for some people, but aren't the reasons obvious? David Juarez But root?? Lol Semianonymous Probably an effort to reduce Region spoofing? Idk how easy that is to do on a stock device. Jimk4003 Because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. mjh49783ab DRM doesn't work. All DRM does is inconvenience the end user. Jimk4003 Possibly. But Netflix have to negotiate licencing deals with the movie studios, and having DRM helps reassure the studios that the movies they have spent millions of dollars making aren't going to get stolen off Netflix without any attempt to stop it. mjh49783ab One could make the argument that rooting the phone may compromise the DRM. But blocking users from unlocking their phones to switch carriers? That is total bullshit, and is just the sort of thing that encourages users to pirate the content. Jimk4003 Netflix are blocking you from switching carriers? lomsha Sim unlocked phones are fine, unlocked bootloaders are blocked. mjh49783ab They didn't exactly make that clear in the article when I last read it. h4rr4r The studios need to reconsider blu rays then. Way easier to rip. Nothing they do will stop piracy. This kind of thing actually encourages it. Jimk4003 Maybe studios do need to consider Blu-ray's. That isn't Netflix's problem though. h4rr4r No Netflix problem is making sure they don't let the studios reduce the value of their product. If Amazon video works on my devices and Netflix does not that is a big deal to me. In that case I might as well sign up for more addon channels on Amazon with the mkney that currently goes to Netflix. Jimk4003 Agreed. But the studios are responsible for making the product they redistribute. It's certainly a balancing act, and I can see both sides of the argument, but Netflix isn't an inalienable right, and those who don't meet the T&C's are going to miss out. h4rr4r Sure, but the studios and Netflix are going to create pirates with these kind of actions. People aren't going to miss out. They will just pirate what they can't get legally. Jimk4003 Sure, but again, it's a tiny fraction of users. If Netflix can negotiate better terms with studios by blocking rooted devices, and thus improve their business overall at the expense of a few fringe users, it stands to reason that is what Netflix will do. Doby Gillis whaa fucking whaa. Sergio Carmona The only obvious thing here is your sarcasm detector not working properly. Go have it fixed please. Jimk4003 Nah, I'm good. h4rr4r So the reason are to make the product worse for the consumer. Great idea, now piracy looks better and better. Jimk4003 What percentage of phones are rooted though? Most people won't care, or even notice the change. h4rr4r It does not matter, if it drives even one person to piracy that is a loss. Jimk4003 But if they can ensure better licensing deals via these new terms, which will attract more customers at the expense of a few rooted users who make up a tiny fraction of overall users; will Netflix care about that loss? h4rr4r But if it encourages piracy the other side of the contract should want to avoid it. Gaining customers in the short term like this hurts the whole market in the long term. Cyber_Akuma Because yeah, people are going to rip movies from Netflix and not off a Blu-Ray.... and even IF they were to attempt to rip them off Netflix, they would use a PHONE and not a PC.... Jimk4003 Ripping Blu-rays isn't Netflix's problem, and Netflix don't need to try and guess what device someone would try and commit piracy with, when the technology exists to restrict them all. Cyber_Akuma You are missing the point, people aren't going to be ripping from Netflix over ripping from a Blu-Ray, and on top of that, they sure as hell aren't going to be ripping off a phone. And actually, you are wrong, the technology to "resist them all" does NOT actually exist. There is no one technology that "restricts them all" but several different technologies for different platforms with various levels of viability and success. Jimk4003 I said 'the technology exists'. When did I say it was a single piece of technology? Let's not be those guys who get in a pedantic argument about semantics on the internet. Regarding the issue under discussion; Netflix's job is to make their platform as robust as possible against piracy, using whatever technology is available to them. Blu-Ray simply isn't their problem. Cyber_Akuma Because just arguing "technology exists" is worthless, plenty of technology exists, and plenty of it is misused. Technically the technology to remotely brick your phone exists too, doesn't mean it's fine to use just because it "exists". And no, their platform already is robust, you are trying to ignore the fact that people ripping movies off a phone is a complete and total non-issue just to try to argue for Netflix's sake, this is ESPECIALLY considering the fact that it harms far more legitimate people than it helps. Sorry, but no, just a plain and completely undesputable NO. You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people just to potentially possibly stop an extreme minority of people who would not even use this method anyway. That's like arguing it's ok to burn down a house to kill a spider. Jimk4003 "You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people". We're talking about Netflix blocking rooted users; in what reality do they constitute the 'large majority' of Android users? Cyber_Akuma I meant the majority of the rooted users. Last time I checked, over 25% of people with an Android device had root access, which is several million users. And OF those several million rooted users, how many do you think actually use their rooted phone and Netflix app to pirate content? Less than 1% Hell, less than 0.1%? They are hurting over 99% of rooted Android users, which while not the majority of Android users is still a lot, to attempt to stop (and not even that effectively as there have been work-around for SafetyNet checks for nearly a year now) an extreme minority OF a minority from doing something they are unlikely to do due to other methods anyway. Richard Markert >I meant the majority of the rooted users. Even the majority of rooted users is a drop in the ocean when it comes to Android users worldwide. Cyber_Akuma Again, over 25%. You also completely missed the point of the argument in that this hurts nearly all rooted users that would not use this maliciously. Lord Argyris Looks like I'll have to start updating manually then. Or just not bother with the app at all since I rarely use Netflix on my phone as it is. SpasilliumNexus Thank goodness the 3T's Open Beta of OxygenOS is good enough for me to not unlock my device and stick with complete stock. Now I wonder why I haven't received any Netflix app updates beyond 4.16.1 build 15145 on the Play Store, when APKMirror has 4 newer versions. ast00 They asked for it. Now pirate their content knowing that you tried doing it the legal way, but THEY declined. Φώτης Because unlocking your Android powered device is such a "bad" thing to do. Whatever Netflix. Ailín Ó’S Ναι, ακριβώς... 😑 C64 How about some English Rob Google translate says that "Ναι, ακριβώς" translates to "Yes, exactly". pcriz How about some Google translate :-/ C64 This is an English website, so you have to talk English. I'm Dutch, so i talk (or try to talk) English too. It hasn't to be perfect, but it would be bs if I talked Dutch over here. 'Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreken geen Nederlands' Or do you like to use translate with everything freaking post Φώτης Chill. It was literally just two words. Not that big of a deal, don't you think? AnubArack Is it that hard to write 2 words in another language then? Kevin Strident Yo no se. You try it. Φώτης Of course not. Actually this is exactly what happened :p AnubArack You and @kevinstrident:disqus are sooooo funny. Less contextually aware than a virtual assistant. d0x360 Yes exactly lol Patrick Ahles *spreekt ;) DavidEssex Yes. I have for years. Twatberry XwaitXwhatX This is an English website Which caters to android users all across the globe pcriz Show me what rule he is breaking. Please quote it for me. Otherwise have as much right to ignore him as he does to speak whatever language he wants. Geezz what a buncha cry babies xyz He is breaking the most important rule of the internet which is faasusu polo asini. pcriz I could try and translate that and feed a troll. Or I can go on living my life. I may choose the latter. C'est la vie, damn how easy (adult) was that ? d0x360 You can talk in whatever language you want. You won't get many people paying any attention to anything you say but who cares? Also...use Google to translate it. It's that button at the very bottom. Yes, exactly xyz Du-te dracului Rebel without a Clue Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreekt ;) C64 Sorry i was stoned 🤣 Rebel without a Clue Hahaha ok dan mag het Keletor Thank you much! You are awesome, and I totally respect you for that statement and the use of the Commodore insignia. AntiCoyote Not really fair, every single Dutch person I know speaks English as well as an American :o) C64 I'm sorry that we Dutch learn English at school :p davidus The real reason behind this is that there arent many ppl to talk to in first place, if u only speak dutch. Trust me, i m from a neighbour country ;) Me Or some Bixby xyz I don't think Google can translate dipshit. Seems to be a rarely spoken language. pcriz Um okay, whatever that means. DavidEssex How about not being ignorant. xyz Ignorant? No one speaks every language in the world, dipshit. Өөрийгөө Зөндөө Go ArclightX flüggåәnkб€čhiœßølįên There! Now put that in your pipe and smoke it! C64 Don't quit your day job Narg While I prefer English, I have to say that web browsers today make it dirt simple to translate anything, why get all worked up about this? Not using the tools at hand just show ignorance and lethargy. nasznjoka umetisha mzazi asianrage Is it being Unlocked that is not allowed, or Unlocked and Rooted as well? Corbin Davenport Both. Artem can't install it on his unlocked Google Pixel XL. h4rr4r Huh? He can install it, just not from the play store. Apk mirror, soon back answer. Corbin Davenport Yes, that's what I meant. It doesn't appear on the Play Store for him. asianrage That's so shitty. lomsha Idiotic. Andreaeritzman Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sf93c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sf93c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs383TopNovaGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sf93c:....,..... _jack_ I will send them feedback about this. Andy Roid https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a9bc6f4e2413533bdd6ebb2b10ebd06b24f002e6bfab3d18b3274418de511270.jpg Elsiedamado Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sg85c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sg85c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs385DirectResourcesGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sg85c:....,...... EowynCarter Yeah me too. And unless they change this, bye netflix account. No point in something I can't use anymore. Demoncat The funny part about video DRM is it's easily defeated. It's more convenient to steal the videos than to deal with the DRM restrictions. Fedup Exactly. Between VPN'ed torrents and nzbs, my Sonarr downloads all TV shows (netflix, HBO, ABC/CBS/NBC/FOX) automatically within minutes of them being ripped and posted by others. It is 100% automated, and with my Plex server running, I can watch shows anywhere - cost = $0.00. I don't do this to save money. I do it for the convenience, lack of ads, and freedom of time/place shifting. Heck, some shows actually download BEFORE they air on network TV (i.e. Designated Survivor). Yan Minari You better tell us more about how you set up this. stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy d0x360 I cancelled​ my account, sent them feedback and then just asked a friend who I let use HBO go and a Chromecast ultra if I could use their Netflix. David Gabel That seems rather dumb. Why cancel your service to them yet still use it via someone else? You're not teaching them anything. For an example, let's say you have a MacBook, and Apple does something to piss you off. You sell your MacBook, but then borrow a friend's MacBook. Nothing was actually accomplished. d0x360 Nothing was accomplished? I cancelled my account and let them know why. Now they aren't making money off me but I still to use their service. Your analogy is deeply flawed...deeply. So deeply I don't think you understand exactly what an analogy is. David Gabel So, you're "not giving them money" yet you still support them by using their product. It still seems like your logic is flawed. If you're really that pissed at Netflix, don't use it. Period. Use a different service instead of supporting them by borrowing it off a friend, as they are also giving them money (and support) , too via their subscription. revbones How is using their service for free "supporting" them? They aren't getting any revenue off you if you're not paying them. Saying you're supporting them by not paying them is a little stupid don't you think? xyz lol. So by your "logic" a person who pirates House of Cards is also supporting Netflix ? BobButtons You're doing the opposite of supporting. You're getting the benefits of their service while stopping payment and adding to server load which they pay for. David Gabel So far, your stance is the only one that makes sense. The rest so far are noise Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 You seen like an incredulous douch who I'd suplex onto a park bench for being a lap dog bitch.How is canceling or stealing not doing something.Also,its not a fucking macbook jerkoff its a paid service for TV on a phone they expect to be paid for.BTFO David Gabel And you are a loud mouth keyboard warrior that loves to talk a big game, but in reality have little to no control over anything and use web forums to spout obscenities and violent threats to make yourself feel better. DJMix How is it only bobbuttons' comment that made sense? They all basically say the same thing. nagi Just another step that makes pirating the same content more convenient... we should really be going the other way if they ever want piracy to be reduced. lomsha Funny thing is their content is available to stream all over the internet. Don't see how this move fights piracy as long as computers have access. This just alienates legit users who are doing nothing nefarious on unlocked/rooted devices. Richard Branches By one everybody pays... Pathum Addarapathirana Dude I root my phone to just get iPhone emojis and to tether without my carrier knowing. Like I'm not stealing anything this will just make me stop paying for Netflix. Latheryin Just a heads up. Those treating hiding mods are fake. There is no way to hide if from the carrier. Heck if they wanted to they could see every web page you load from a ton of different places and ways. Yan Minari That’s why god invented VPN Latheryin Yes but even then it doesn't block everything. qqqqqq My provider absolutely blocks tethering - I've been using various methods, including VPNs, to block it for literally YEARS... Hasn't been difficult. Dylan Harris That's not true. All you have to due to bypass tethering limits on t-mobile is to change the TTL on the tethered device. Latheryin That just gets by the automated checks. Get a live person to randomly pick your account (not really likely but happens) and it is not had to tell if someone is tethering. Dmitri Smirnov All that person will be able to tell is whether customer is using a lot of data or not. And this is the root of the problem: be honest that you are limited traffic, instead of trying to play this game of "we'll pretent we are giving you unlimited data and in return you'll only use small-format mobile device, so that we'll hope that you won't be able to use as much of it". Kind of "all you can eat, but you have to only use a tea cup and one chopstick". Latheryin No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. Not only is that kinda dumb but it violate the fair use act in most cell TOS. If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. I know for a fact that there is a team for both att and Verizon that is tasked with just that. Dmitri Smirnov >No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. "taking advantage" I thought that people were in their right by using what they paid for. Allright, tell me this - is it allright for me to watch 4K video on my phone (since the screens allow it now)? What's the difference between this and me watching the same stream on my laptop over my phone's connection? What if I just redirect the video stream to my TV using WiDi or any other technology? How is browsing a site from a laptop different from browsing it from a phone network-congestion-wise? And then it boils down to the same argument - carriers are just hoping you'll use the network less from you phone device, as it's less convenient. The more convenient smartphones become for consuming large volumes of traffic, the sooner carriers will have to more away from this scan and expose the actual numbers. > If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. If carriers would be honest and upfront about "hidden" caps, then people would not be able to game the system. > Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. Latheryin Tethering was never even an extra charge until people started taking advantage of the mobile networks. Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. Mobile networks were not designed for that type of traffic from a single device. Nor was it made to handle running your ps4 while you are gaming. Why do you think that pages are made to be mobile friendly? Not only is it a usability issue but a data usage issue as well. It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Dmitri Smirnov > Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. a) I'm glad we're finally on the same page that the real problem for networks is data usage and not tethering or no tethering. b) You are aware that you're contradicting yourself in the same sensense? 4K 60Fps video bitrate is ~20-40 MiB/s which gives an average movie the size of about 72GiB. so by your definition watching a movie in good quality is OK as long as you don't watch more than 3 of them in a month. c) how is using mobile data that you paid for - stupid? If there are caps - announce them and make it impossible to go over them instead of shaming people who actually decide to take you up on your offer. d) tethering has not been an extra charge until telcos understood that they could charge extra for it (just like them toying with idea of charging extra for Instant Messenger traffic, because it undercuts their SMS plans). > It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Well, carriers are the ones calling their plans "unlimited" and hiding the actual caps either buried deep in the ToS or behind the vague "reasonable usage". So don't blame people for not wanting to wade through pages of legalspeak just to learn that you lied and "unlmited" is just "50Gb and then throttled". Fedup Agreed. The problem is the AMOUNT of data consumed by a given user account - no how it is consumed. If carriers are concerned about individuals abusing their network, then they need to flag those accounts that use an excessive amount of bandwidth - whether it's through tethering or directly on the device itself. I could easily burn through 150GB/mo on my TMO Note 4 w/o tethering simply by leaving my Blue Iris app connected and streaming 24/7. So it's actually very easy to abuse the system without ever turning on the tethering. Ravonus Damitri this guy is a nut ha... I agree with you 100% bro. Ravonus um yes you can fake it... Sure you can't block the traffic... but you sure can make it seem like the traffic is coming from your phone and not being used to tether.. Which is what these apps do.. SMH lol Latheryin If that is what you wish to believe. OK. Android Developer Is the tether solution needed even if you do it using USB ? Fulbring What a stupid move. I pay for the premium for Netflix and I never thought that I might have to cancel my service just because they did this. The only reason why I have root is because of AdAway and TitaniumBackup. I still use the stock OnePlus 3T ROM. Wasn't expecting this at all.... Kinda suck. Will be interesting to see how many customers they lose. Julian Berger Not enough to change it back... 4Ui812 DRM has no place in our lives. I suspect Netflix will have a change of heart within 6 months. Branko Xiaomi phones say bye bye to Netflix. Google go fuck yourselves. Steve_Jobroni Go fucking buy a windows phone. 天地人 Seriously though Windows phones are great. The only problem with them is the lack of applications. Otherwise, it runs great on low-end hardware, has a great UI, the homescreen is innovative, synchronisation with Windows PCs is cool, etc. dukaki Don't forget that you can use the Netflix website on Edge instead of their shitty app, and it streams at full 1080p, even on my L650 with a 720p screen. 天地人 Wait the Netflix application hasn't an option to stream at FHD? dukaki Nope, just 480p like on android. The device has to be "certified" and there are no certified windows phones afaik. The WP app doesn't even have downloads yet, I think. Edit: Just checked, no option to download here but you can on the desktop app. EowynCarter Might end with a visit at the apple store in my case. Windows phone is kind of not supported anymore. Jimk4003 This is Netflix, not Google. Cyber_Akuma Google invented this SafetyNet crap, let anyone use it for any reason (Hell, Pokemon GO of all things started using it), and over the last year have been making it even more and more strict and unforgiving. So no, a HUGE part of the blame does lie on Google for being openly hostile towards rooted users and not giving a damn about them. Jimk4003 There are legitimate reasons to use Safetynet to check the integrity of a device: Android Pay (or banking apps in general) is one example. It isn't necessarily hostility to root users; it's just a reality that Google need to be able to demonstrate to banks or other third parties that their OS is secure, and that people can't bypass built in security safeguards. Netflix need to do the same with the studios they redistribute content for; and they've chosen to use Safetynet to do it. Netflix isn't a human right; you have no inalienable right to root your phone and to use Netflix. Cyber_Akuma Except that not even my own banking app uses SafetyNet, it still has root checking and certain sensitive features are disabled if I am rooted, but not the entire app. Furthermore, it IS hostility to rooted users, because anyone can toss SafetyNet into their app for any reason whatsoever (such as games using it "just because" in case of cheaters... which doesn't even help at all to stop them). Google has been completely unwilling to work out ANY sort of compromise or method that can keep a phone secure without basically tossing rooted users under the bus. Jimk4003 What sort of compromise do you envision? Cyber_Akuma I am saying that they didn't even try. PCs by default obviously allow admin accounts all the time, even as the main user account (as much as that is not recommended) yet can maintain security. Google when they were confronted with people who were hurt by SafetyNet, legitimate users mind you, basically just shrugged them off and didn't even bother considering what could be done to allow the device to remain secure while also having such safeties in place. I mean, all these apps that you can use on your phone, can also be used on a PC, many of them available in either a browser or native app format, yet it remains secure. There is no reason this could not be done with Android, especially considering it used Linux as a base, they are just refusing to even consider it. Jimk4003 Don't you already have that choice? Your phone is sold without root access (i.e. no admin rights), and you can then choose whether or not to root your device and gain elevated privileges. If you do choose to root your device, you will lose access to some Safetynet enabled applications. You can, of course, unroot if necessary. Cyber_Akuma First of all, not all phones are. Especially in non-US countries. Second, it shouldn't have to be a choice. How many PC apps refuse to run under an admin account? Practically none. I shouldn't have to choose between having root access or being able to use a apps that more and more are starting to add this nonsense to them. Third, it's not even just root, even having an unlocked BOOTLOADER now, even if your rom is 100% stock and unrooted, can trip SafetyNet, it didn't used to be that strict. It's ridiculous to claim one should be able to have one or the other, even SafetyNet could have been designed to not be this brokenly strict, but Google had no interest in doing so, and they are rapidly making having root more and more useless while we still have to deal with all the junk they force on your phone from the manufacturer... that you can only remove with root. Jimk4003 Well, it is what it is. You believe you shouldn't have to make a choice, whereas I believe life is all about making choices and living with the outcomes. We seldom get everything we want, and neither Netflix, nor rooting, are inalienable rights. Whether or not you think it should be a choice, it is one; choose what you feel is best for you. Cyber_Akuma That's not even an argument, that's just trying to claim that the status quo should remain for no reason other than it is the status quo. It shouldn't have to be a choice, and arguing that people have to choose between root and having an increasingly less amount of apps just because "it is what it is" is insanity. In fact, it wasn't even the status quo before until Google started pulling this nonsense with SafetyNet a short while ago. That doesn't mean people should just accept it. Jimk4003 It's not an argument, because there is no argument to be had. The reality of the situation is self-evident; you can't have a rooted device and install Netflix via Google Play. Accepting the status quo has nothing to do with it; it's simply acknowledging reality. You have to choose what's more important to you; Netflix or rooting your phone. Finding the reality frustrating, as you clearly do, won't make it any less real. If this was a serious discussion on human rights; censorship, migration, justice, gender equality etc., then it's important in a democracy to be aware of your rights and responsibilities, and challenge the status quo where necessary. But this isn't anything like that. This is two for-profit corporations, Google and Netflix, who provide services to which you have no fundamental right to access, nor any obligation to use. You can choose to pay for their services and accept their terms and conditions, or you can choose not to. You don't get to pick the terms and conditions of the service someone else is providing you; however you are free to not use the service if you don't like the terms and conditions under which they are provided. That's it; it's no simpler or more complicated than that. Ranting on the internet about how unfair you perceive it to be is irrelevant. Again, it is what it is. Cyber_Akuma Again, there is no "it is what it is" argument. There should be no choice, PERIOD. You are basically saying that people should not complain about this just because "it is what it is". No, it is NOT what it is, it should NOT BE what it is, and people can and WILL complain that it SHOULD NOT be what it is. You aren't even making any rational arguments anymore, just re-stating what the current situation is and then basically claiming that people should not want or expect better. Jimk4003 You can want or expect better if you like. Netflix, like every other for-profit enterprise in a capitalist system, will either succeed or fail based on its ability to turn a profit. Right now, Netflix is turning a profit, and clearly thinks it can be more profitable by excluding rooted users whose theoretical ability to circumvent DRM restrictions may impact its ability to secure rights to new content. Clearly you disagree with their stance, and the only way to see for sure if your disagreement is warranted is to watch their financial performance from here on out. None of the above changes the fact that you aren't entitled to Netflix. You've chosen to root your phone, and Netflix have recently chosen to exclude rooted users. That leaves you with a choice to make. Even if you think that choice is unfair, even if you think you should be able to have both. The reality is you can't have both, and you will have to choose. Again, Netflix isn't a right. Go elsewhere if you disagree with their business practices; that's how capitalism works. Beyond that, you're just having a spat with reality; and that's a tough fight to win ;) Cyber_Akuma Actually, what do you think would lose them more profits, the theoretical minority OF a minority that MIGHT rip movies on their phones (which still requires a Netflix account in the first place) or blocking that 25% minority? Also, drop this "right" nonsense. No, seriously, drop it right now. People are paying for a Netflix account, they DO have a right to get the service they paid for. Netflix made zero warning or mention of this impending block, they pulled it out of nowhere for paying customers. So sorry, but they DO have a right to the service, since they are paying for it. Sony was found to be legally in the wrong when they removed the OtherOS feature from the PS3, because why? Because people PAID for the console when it had that feature, they DID have a right to what they paid for. You're just having a spat with arguing for argument's sake when you don't even have an argument. Jimk4003 There is no argument; it's the reality of the situation. Netflix have implemented DRM controls that block access to the Netflix app via the Play Store on rooted devices. I do understand why Netflix want to tighten their DRM procedures, and I do understand why some people have been left frustrated by this change. The reality is, however, if you want to download the Netflix app via Google Play, you will need an un-rooted phone; such as the phones used by the majority of Android users. That's all that's happening. I get that you don't like it. But stamping your foot and shouting 'no fair, no fair' achieves nothing. Netflix are entitled to run their business how they see fit within the law; and consumers get to choose whether they want to give Netflix their business or not. That's all there is to it. Don't like the way Netflix do business; don't give Netflix your money. Cyber_Akuma All you are doing with the "it is what it is" argument is just repeating what the article is saying. That is not conductive to anything. Anyone who has read the article knows what is happening right now. And sorry, but you are doing the same stamping your foot with the "well, it is what it is" argument. Not to mention that you are also wrong, because over the last 5 or so years ALONE there have been dozens of examples of consumers speaking out against policies or DRM and the companies begin forced to reverse it from the backlash. So you are doing nothing but hurting legitimate users by trying to argue "it is what it is". And again, no, they are not entitled to run their business in a way that without warning locks customers out of what they paid for, Sony tried this... and got in legal trouble and lost. So sorry, but you are wrong, and you have been nothing but wrong this entire argument. Netflix isn't' "entitled" to do this, people DO have a reason to complain, there IS a reason to complain, complaining HAS changed such practices before, and all you are doing is further hurting legitimate users by attempting to insist the "it is what it is" non-argument. Your entire argument has been fundamentally wrong from the start. Jimk4003 It's not my argument; it's simply Netflix's position. I get you don't agree with it, but it's totally valid for Netflix to wish to strengthen their DRM procedures. You do know I'm not responsible for Netflix's decision making, right? It is what it is; I wouldn't get too upset about it. Cyber_Akuma Again, "it is what it is" is not a valid argument. Jimk4003 No it's not an argument. Again, there is no argument necessary; the reality of the situation is self-evident, and no amount of arguing here will change it. The fact is this; YOU rooted your phone. You weren't forced. You should have known that by rooting your phone you are modifying the device beyond its factory specification. You should have known that this essentially makes you responsible for the proper operation of the device; you no longer have the device manufacturer or Google to turn to when software that you have modified doesn't work as expected. You should also have known that rooting prevents a device from complying with the compatibility test suite, and that this can affect your devices ability to function correctly. You should have been aware of the SafetyNet API, and anticipated the fact that this API would be adopted more and more broadly as Google promoted its usage. You can't blame Google for this; as before, once you modify your device beyond its factory spec, you're responsible for supporting yourself. Rooting a device is at the owners risk. You've now found yourself in a situation where a modification you have made to your device prevents you from accessing a service you want to use. That's on you; no-one made you modify your device, no-one said they would take responsibility for the changes you have made to your device, and rooted users are expected to assume liability for any ramifications and complications they face as a result of their decision to modifying their device. Netflix are well within their rights to enforce DRM on their product by using the SafetyNet API provided by Google, and the Google documentation clearly states rooted devices will fail the CTS check. This documentation is publicly available. You went ahead and rooted your device anyway. That's on you. It's no-one elses job to make sense of the decisions you have taken. You're free to carry on using Netflix if you return your device to a state where the integrity of the device can be verified. Or you're free to carry on using a rooted device and living with the compromises that entails. Your choice. Cyber_Akuma I don't think you get it. All you are doing is parroting what the article is saying. Furthermore, despite there being plenty of examples of complaining doing EXACTLY what you claim it cannot do, that is to change such decisions, you keep repeating that "complaining will do nothing". You are a broken record, arguing the same "it is what it is" argument over and over so you can avoid actually thinking. An argument (and yes, no matter how much YOU stomp your feet that it is not, it IS an argument) that has already been disproven over and over and over. You also ignored that there are many countries where phones are already sold rooted, or how such things don't effect using such services on a PC with admin rights which are the same thing, or the dozens of other holes in your logic large enough to sail a ship through. There is no "you should have been aware" because this is a total lapse in common sense and my device is in no way incompatible from a hardware or software level, but rather, the app is purposely rejecting it. Furthermore, they made no prior warning whatsoever. This is like arguing "you should have known modern cars could be remotely disabled" if a dealership decides to just disable all cars with an aftermarket radio installed. I don't know where to even begin with all the broken wrong logic in that last post. Why are you even here if you couldn't care less? You are free to carry on being a living example of "First they came", but don't come crying about how nobody else is listening to you because you could not possibly be any more wrong. I DO have a right to use Netflix on my device, rooted or no, if I am paying for it. If you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right to root their devices, if you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right (and have many many MANY times in the past) to challenge the "it is what it is" status quo, if you argue against this, you are wrong. And I know you WILL argue against this, which will mean that, see above, you are wrong. I have been more than patient with your insane thick-headnedness. At this point I can't tell if you are being willfully ignorant or really are just that ignorant. Or just trolling, that is an option as well. There is no way anyone rational at this point can continue to argue the insanity that you have argued. Jimk4003 I interpret personal insults as an indicator that the individual making them no longer has any faith in their actual arguments, and so I think it's time to call time on this particular discussion. As you've pointed out, neither of us is getting anywhere. It's been fun, but once it starts getting abusive, the fun has to stop. It's a shame, because DRM Vs individual user rights has the potential to be a really interesting discussion topic. I hope you get what you're after; and that the reality of the situation will change to be more in line with what you think it should be. Unfortunately I imagine the situation regarding DRM and rooted devices will only get more restrictive going forward. Take care. Cyber_Akuma You purposely instigate people into losing their patience with you, and then claim "I win because you got angry", especially when the anger is because you were refusing to understand the entire argument throughout this entire mess. My1 even if you dont have any right to access netflix, the whole point of netflix and others is making it easier to use those than to do piracy but when netflix goes around branding the rooted users as pirates and blocking them, they sure arent helping their purpose. especially if netflix is (I dont have it so I didnt try) runs on VGA and DVI Screens (no HDCP) where you can just capture the stuff. I mean it's say same withz Bluray Playback on PC, in addition to needing a Bluray Drive, you need an HDCP Compliant Graphics card, bus encryption, and HDCP compliant Monitor, and not to forget You Piece of PowerDVD which you have to upgrade (aka buy again) every few years because the older versions dont get Key Updates. and then we have stuff like unskippable trailers and all the other bluntly said Bullshit when dealing with that. of course Piracy is easier, just download the file and play it on any device you want, no internet and nothing required and no problems. My1 and even if one piece of software wont run in an Admin account, with LUA even on Admin they arent having and privileges unless you kick in the UAC, and to top it, even if the app wont be running if I force it as admin, and only runs with active LUA concept, I can still run anything else as admin and screw the other software running as normal user over (cheatengine is the perfect example for this) Richard Markert Root is, by definition, unsecure. Any time you have userland processes that have access to ring0 you are inherently unsecure, as there are no restrictions placed upon running code at that point. Cyber_Akuma And yet, there are ways to run it securely on PCs. Netflix and online banking would not be available on PCs if it wasn't. My1 well but from another side, root can also be used to just patch any holes that were there. actually happened a few times before. My1 banking apps dont have a reason for a root check if they are done properly, i.e. TANs are generated with an air-gapped extra device. TANs on the phone are in general not safe and if the TAN is able to be generated offline, someone could use an exploit to root, steal the secret for TAN generation and boom, it's over. and dont even start thinking about sms-TAN, it's even worse. also when I just want to look into what my account is doing, I am not happy when I cant do so. My Bank (Hypovereinsbank) more or less recently blocked root and well I just RootCloaked that thing into oblivion and can do my stuff. but I'll probably change anyway since they sadly have no good way of TANs (just paper-based list-TANs, SMS and app) TedPhillips mostly agree. by providing a turn-key 'lockdown' check, and further by ret-conning it into playstore access (let's see how far they take that) -google is now openly hostile to anyone who bought into android for it's ability to customize and truly 'own' your own device. the open source roots of android was a big differentiator vs something like iOS, but now that they have dominate market position - they are walking away from that without concern. (only worrying about how slow they need to boil the frog to get away with it) meanwhile, what middle manager is going to say 'no' to adding safetyNet checks in their app or play store listing? it is an easy way for them to write down on potential risks, unjustified (which it pretty much always is) or not. blindexecutioner So the solution is to install from outside the play store. That's great for security. Way to go. Richard Markert No they don't. Since Windows 7, new and default users are not Admin accounts. koiulpoi Sorry, this is absolutely wrong. The first user created on a Windows PC has full administrative access, limited by UAC. You can still delete System32, it's just mildly harder than it used to be. If "new and default users" were not Admin accounts, they couldn't install software, so... Richard Markert Default user accounts are higher than Limited accounts, but not as high as Admin accounts. That's why they can install software. Linux users are not admins but can still install software, right? It started on Windows 7, expanded in 8/8.1 and now in Windows 10 a user account behaves just like a user account in Linux. It has no access to %systemdir% unless you manually go in the folder properties and give your user account Admin permissions to it. You can still run things AS admin by giving the permission at runtime, but since all that requires is pressing a button (if your built-in admin account isn't passworded, which it isn't by default, one step forward two back, sigh) and most users are too "stupid" to simply not press that button. koiulpoi It's really funny when people speak authoritatively about something they're so wrong about. The first account created by the Windows OOBE is automatically added to the Administrators group. This means they're an Administrator. They have Administrative privileges. The fact that certain actions are blocked until you click "yes" on a simple UAC prompt doesn't stop this; they're in "Admin Approval Mode", which can be disabled via GPO if you care to. If you buy a computer from Dell (example), set it up, then go to System32 and start deleting .dll files, it'll ask for administrative privileges, but you can click yes and away it goes! Some files are protected at "SYSTEM" level, which is higher than administrator, but DEFAULT USERS ARE ADMINISTRATORS. This has ABSOLUTELY nothing to do with the "password" on the built-in "Administrator" account. That account is disabled out-of-the-box. Please, you're digging a bigger hole trying to look "right". How to prove this: Set up a new computer. Set up user default for MS. Start -> Run -> netplwiz -> Be amazed that your user is part of the group "Administrators". TechGuy22 Haha kodi Doesn't matter to me I Stopped paying for Netflix long time ago. C64 Haha Teranium TV 😎 TechGuy22 I like that too. You can even get the mod one and remove the ads. Lol C64 I know, i always use those. I want to pay for the dev, but there's no option to do that. Koko time is coming with a big update to tim242 Thief. Renato Santos This is stupid. Congratulations, Netflix. Jan-Lk Else It is also getting more and more necessary to unlock / root devices due to missing updates etc. But I'm not a Netflix customer and won't become one. C64 Whahaha, this has to be the most retarded move of the year in any category (even Trump can't top this). I'm glad i don't use Old Crap Flix. A Person Hillary, then Netflix. C64 Nope sorry. Since Trump is your president i can't take America serious anymore A Person Timeout, you're not even a US citizen? No interest in your opinion. James F Wow. Just wow. I can't take you seriously either if that's how you treat people. Not cool, man. A Person "Wow, just wow"? When he can vote in our elections I'll take his opinions of our elections seriously. It is highly ill-informed anyhow. Paul Sterling A person wins! Marcelove Timeout, you are a Trump supporter? No interest in your opinion (neither anyone smart in the world). Roy Riddex Just so I'm clear on this, by unlocked are we talking about SIM unlocked? lomsha No no, unlocked bootloader. Roy Riddex Thanks Corbin Davenport Unlocked bootloader. pbergonzi I wonder how long they'll stick with that premise seeing as how much public opinion expressed here is against them. Screw them. Get the APK somewhere else or install magisk and hide your root. Too many people root their devices and have a good reason for doing so and Netflix should not penalize them. Doby Gillis Dude, normal people don't give a fuck about rooted phones. It's just the elitist twats who do it anymore. twiz0r Dude, you're an elitist twat. Richard Markert Most people who root seem to be. The sentiment among rooters is "if you don't root your phone, you're not as good as me and don't deserve to have a phone. Root you stupid noob!" twiz0r thanks for confirming your twatness. good day. C64 One word ..... Bullshit Corey Kinard I've yet to see that... Maybe you just feel like that because they do in fact know more than you? Richard Markert My first version of Android was 1.5. I've seen it for many years. How long have you been in the scene? My1 well at least a rooted phone is objectively better than a non rooted one, but relatively and subjectively speaking, if a non-rooted phone is good enough for someone then let it be so. EowynCarter My phone isn't rooted. And not compatible anymore ! Franco Fassio Unlocked bootloader maybe? EowynCarter Yes. But seam I can't lock it without wipe. So screw you Netflix. Marcelove Let me guess, your profile pic is that right? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0f0c4f3e3ce40074aebfe58d80511d4a0b7d4a94896ce54d82e448a1cd2e3ceb.jpg bruce lancaster Dude. It isn't just rooted phones - Also unlocked. Elitists get their iphones and galaxy s8s from att and verizon. Normal people get their devices from amazon, ebay, newegg, gearbest etc. Jimk4003 I'm sure Netflix are terrified that the tiny fraction of Android users who come to this site, and the similarly tiny fraction who root their phones, are bothered. The rest of the world won't care. bruce lancaster An article in Wireless Week (cellphone industry rag) a couple of months back says it's now a majority of phones in Asia that are unlocked and Europe is getting pretty close to 50/50. US passed 30% unlocked around Christmas. People aren't getting their phones from ATT, Verizon, etc any more now that they have to pay full retail and don't get a free or heavily discounted flagship device with contract renewal. They are getting them from Amazon, Gearbest, Newegg, etc and moving their sim. If I owned stock in Netflix right now, I'd sell it quick on this news. Everything that isn't already mobile is going mobile. Alienating half the European market and 30% of the US market is asinine. Fedup Yup. Ditched my flagship Samsung phone for a 'budget' Moto G5 Plus that is 100% compatible with all four US carriers (and their dozens of MNVOs). Swapping providers is as easy as changing the sim. And despite the slower spec'ed hardware, the carrier bloat-free Nougat is WAY faster than my TW Galaxy phone - and the battery life is INSANE. C64 Probably 90 % of the people don't know what root is. Almost every person I know owns an Android device, but i'm the only geek who flashes and roots his devices bruce lancaster It isn't just rooted phones but also unlocked phones. Got your phone on amazon? Got it on ebay? Got it from gearbest? Got it from newegg? Yup. No netflix for you without jumping through enough hoops that you'll actually know about rooting by the time you get it done. Fedup Are we conflating a carrier-unlocked vs. bootloader unlocked phone? They are two distinctly different things, and I doubt that having a carrier-unlocked phone (i.e. using a TMO phone on ATT, or VZ on Sprint) has any impact on SafetyNet or Widevine. pbergonzi Judging from the posts here it looks like nobody who roots their phone uses Netflix anyway so I guess it's moot. But the outcry sure did get them a bunch of free publicity. T4rd This is what Magisk is for. Pretty sure if I can still use Android Pay with my rooted 6P, I can still use/update Netflix through the Play Store. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Magisk still requires that you unlock your bootloader, which is enough to trigger safety net these days, so that won't work. TechGuy22 You don't know how magisk works do you Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I understand that Magisk is a great tool for modifying my system without actually modifying it. I understand that there are many modules that allow you to do things like hide root, bypass security modules, skin your system, and plenty of other things. What I don't understand is how you can install magisk without unlocking your bootloader. Back when I originally tried it out with pokemon go, it worked well for a while, but eventually even just having my bootloader unlocked was all it took to throw SafetyNet. If that's not an issue anymore, then great! But maybe say that instead of being snarky. Thomas Gladdines Bootloader can be simply locked after rooting and installing a custom recovery. Edwin O. Lol no You could, but then you can't flash anything with said recovery... So no point Thomas Gladdines LOL the recovery doesn't stop working after a bootloader is locked, only fastboot won't flash images but the recovery can do whatever it wants to, update the rom, edit system files etc. Thomas Gladdines That's nonsense, the recovery works fine with or without a locked bootloader. Only fastboot won't work but that's only needed when you don't have a custom recovery to flash images. Muzzy996 Well as an example for the Google Pixel: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=71901761&postcount=454 In this case all it takes is a kernel that supports Magisk and hides the fact that the bootloader is unlocked, at which point with Magisk Hide enabled all root and SafetyNet checks pass. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Excellent. I'll have to look back into this then, last time I used magisk it wasn't as capable, glad to see it's come this far. sbeaulieu Magical Hide is there for that Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Can Magical Hide hide that my bootloader is unlocked? Serious question, not being sarcastic or snarky as I was below. sbeaulieu It does make the SafetyNet check pass iJeggu Magisk itself doesn't hide an unlocked bootloader it only hides root but must custom roms simply delete the verifiedbootstate -flag which in turn makes safetynet pass even with an unlocked bootloader. Some older devices don't have this flag in their kernels in the first place so safetynet will accept that the flag is missing. Link to the patch that most custom roms (kernels to be specific) have to pass safetynet: https://github.com/sultanxda/android_kernel_oneplus_msm8996/commit/abc05b16bbd33521c2fffaf491c5657a94bfcfc5 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5b1ff3f47e32d5f57ddadcd650a5b94725bd4e6242cea92e269f51e988d0d426.png T4rd Except it's working for me right now... jonzey231 This has been happening for a week now. I tweeted it to Ruddock a few days ago. Just didn't put together that it was because I was unlocked. https://twitter.com/jonzey231/status/862122438125072384 steelew Google really needs to start stealing from the root community the way apple takes from the jailbreak community. It feels like rooting is way down except for a few (legal) use cases. If it weren't for visual tweaks & usability tweaks, I would have no need to root (personally). This kind of stuff starts to make rooting unpleasant. I already can't use fingerprint auth in my banking app any more because root. Jesús Cuenca They do. I used rooms for like 8 years maybe? And a lot of the "new features" always come of the rom or root comunity. Right now i use roms, but not root. Marcelove I'm trying to stay indoors, but is complicate... Greenify for example, works at no root devices nowadays... But is way better with root and Xposed... Doze can't compare against Greenify... Maybe at version number 20 root wouldn't be necessary... Sandeep Raghuraman What about the version downloaded from Amazon app store though? Does that work fine? TwoBit Gary It worked, but it is old version without show downloads. Go to apkmirror oculairmedia Interesting move. I flashed a custom ROM on my Nexus 6 because stock was so slow that it was getting unusable, but screw me right ? Atoqir In my country lots of stuff doesn't work on unrooted devices. My bank app, payment app and local cable TV and digicorder app all stopped working. Also s-health doesn't work anymore and soon Netflix. Time to unroot Marcelove "Time to unroot" Sheep. Richard Markert Rooting is insecure. You don't need to access the system partition except to break things. Benjamin Walburn If that were the case then this wouldn't be an issue. Nobody is looking to break their phone. Richard Markert Few people I've talked to online know what they're doing when it comes to root. Most of those end up breaking things. Rooting is far too easy and probably shouldn't exist at all. Benjamin Walburn You could say the same about anything, not just modification of phones. Maybe you shouldn't own a car if you can't fix it yourself, or have kids if you aren't a doctor. Rooting isn't easy, it's made easy by the hard work of other people. It's not up to you what other people do with their property, you have no right to say that they shouldn't. And if someone breaks their phone, what does it have to do with you? It's their hobby and their phone. You're not their daddy. senoredusty Or use Magisk DJMix No need. You could use magisk su hide for the moment. it still passes the safetynet. I too use a banking app that cannot be used on normal root proocess faceless128 "please stop giving us money and use Kodi instead" Sounds like a great business plan! JD For the sake of Kodi's developers don't say Kodi in that context. ericshmerick Hrmm, every time I hear Kodi, I think of pirated content. Guess when people are like "I use Kodi for my 30TB media collection" I stop and wonder how... Yes, ripping a lifetime of DVDs, but nah. Probably piracy. C64 I know a few how really use it legally Powsniffer0110 Yea I use it legally 95% of the time. ErectBipedal nah man, I use Kodi to browse my 30TB of linux isos. Totally legit I swear. Chazz Matthews Torrents are legal too. Just depends on the content. Mike Honestly though, if pirate add-ons wern't available on kodi, 98% of the people using it now would not have even heard of it before. Even bad publicity is good publicity. They are not going to publicly come out and say it, but the add-on's are the only reason they're well known. Andy Roid But kodi makes piracy so easy! Blian Oh god, please stop. Nobody is using Kodi for their DVD rips. Railwayman I rather say Fusion and Exodus et al instead since Kodi is... Kodi and you have to install what you want. The Netflix business plan is for her more people on Exodus, Phoenix and SALTS - not to mention Terrarium TV and MovieBox as well. Kevin Strident Kodi is open source. If Kodi stops wanting to be as useful as it is now, someone will fork it and keep it doing what its users enjoy. cbstryker Kodi is just an open source media player. To watch any pirated content you either need to download it or install an unaffiliated plugin that streams from pirated sources. C64 Next kodi wil have drm build in. So people have to use forks. I stopped using kodi since i found Teranium TV. cbstryker That makes zero sense. Kodi's reason for existing would stop. C64 That's BS my friend, Kodi (xbmc) has started on the original xbox and was made and used as a media player My1 actually it depends on how the build the DRM, if it's made to be only active when you are for example streaming netflix and does nothing for local content, which for sure can be legal (e.g. ripping DVDs in finland is no problem because CSS is not considered an "effective" protection method ever since 2007) although if the DRM would be everywhere it wouldnt be funny. Justin D Same...but with Plex and something else >.> Dany Lol I know right? I was using Kodi more than Netflix anyway so... Dmitry Stepanushkin Xposed + RootCloak or something similar will do it for most of apps for those who need root. So I think not a big problem. Abhishek Saral Not a big problem but a big annoyance. tehboogieman Hmm, rootcloak isn't working for me with netflix m477 No, it won't work. Safetynet always fails if you have closed activated, or if you just have an unlocked bootloader. Sometimes even by just having adb debugging turned on. My1 debugging is a joke right? If it's not WHAT ARE THEY DOING? I mean debugging is a core part of developing and any developer probably has it active m477 I've only seen it working like that once, so it might be an isolated case. Kan☆n MagiskSU and its manager app comes with a very good hider built-in. No Xposed needed. h4rr4r Beyond pointless. Netflix won by being easier than piracy, this threatens to turn back the clock on that. Lexster These companies don't seem to get that most people pirate because it's easier/cheaper than buying what they want. Yes, it's wrong, whatever, the point is streaming services made it easier for people, which outweighed the hassle of pirating it. You're right, this kind of thing is what will get people to start doing it again more. BobButtons If I can't use Netflix on my rooted phone, it's Netflix that'll go, not the root. They're encouraging piracy. Actually l like bezels Why? What do you get with root? BobButtons Primarily for system level ad-blocking. None of the non-root options can even compare. I refuse to allow ads when they have the ability to fill the entire screen and vibrate the phone. Even with being able to block ads, I still purchase the ad-free option of apps I support. Matthew Wilson Updates. Security updates. DJMix What do you mean what do we get from root? We get everything! Everything! YaKillaCJ Exactly. Screw it, I only have Netflix for convenience. This will also have negative impact on many devices and average consumers even if they never unlock or root. A lot don't have Google certification, such as upcoming OEMs. Then theirs beta roms like Xiaomi and OnePlus that run awesome. Marcelove Funny thing: I was about to become a subscriber of Netflix after seeing House of Cards by PirateBay but now through the official channel because I thought that Netflix deserved my money... Look : deservED... But this movie will keep me at PirateBay... Funny thing 2: I have a Moto G5 that I could unlock and root and I didn't it just because I wanna see how things are nowadays without root... And I use a lot of apps that would work better with root (Greenify for example)... So I would be able to use Netflix... And I won't and will stay that way only because this douchebag move... Congratulations Netflix... Funny thing 3: So happy that I waited till House of Cards release to become a subscriber... Netflix should learn something from Frank Underwood... And from Blockbuster... tim242 Yeah, sure you were. Once a thief, always a thief. koiulpoi This is the most untrue statement I've read on this website. Thomas Elephants can fly 天地人 http://gadling.com/2012/06/10/airline-transports-herd-of-african-elephants-photos/ koiulpoi Nice! You matched it. 天地人 Yes, because illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad? You're not supporting the creators of the show, sure. But you're also not supporting the 6 Jewish companies that control 90% of American media. Anyways, with your little money you wouldn't be benefitting anybody. Do you honestly think those Jewish companies are dying to get a hold of your $120 you payed for Netflix this year? Probably not. The creators of the show, are well off anyways. Don't companies pay them to have their content on their platform and pay for their production cost and wages? Then; they've already been payed. I'm not endorsing piracy. It isn't the best thing to do, but I think calling people a "thief" and grouping them with people who have actually stolen things off individuals which mean a lot to the individual and murdered some individuals in the process, is just stupid. It's not the same as 'stealing' bits of 1s and 0s. Again, I'm not endorsing piracy, however there are a lot of good reasons to pirate movies and TV shows. Paul Sterling You're a thief. People leave their families for months to give you works of art. Games, movies, music. You can't throw them a few bucks? I'm legit, always will be. Also, tax helps everyone. Your wall of text is just trying to convince yourself, thief. 天地人 Nope. A thief is different from a pirate, besides, they've already been payed. And I was talking about TV shows and movies, but you're too dense to realise it. jj14x Not the same. If I spend time writing code for software, and decide to sell a monthly license instead of a perpetual license, that is my choice. Your choice should be to either subscribe to the monthly license, or to find a competitor software to use instead. Choosing to bypass the licensing checks makes you a thief (taking something without the owner's permission makes you a thief). And same logic applies to TV shows/movies. If you want to own the movie and watch it whenever you want it, BUY it. "illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad?"<-- YES - it is still illegal. Just because somebody stole your car doesn't mean you can go and steal that person's car in retaliation. There are laws and procedures on how to handle that. STDog Illegal != bad, legal != good. Thousands of unjust laws have been passed. They made actions illegal that were not bad. My1 well yeah if you actually bypass the thing you are a pirate (not a thief because stealing != illegal copy) but branding people pirates and making the software refuse if something that MIGHT be used for piracy is on the device isnt not better. 天地人 Theft is when I take your bike and it's gone and you do not have a bike anymore. When I pirate, are you losing your software or your right to sell your software? Plus, if you actually developed software, I'd probably pay for it since you aren't some big corporation. Richard Markert It's trickle-down, man. Think about if everybody thought like you. Netflix has 100 million subs and each pay at the minimum $107/yr and that's 10.7 billion. Now if that 10.7 billion were wiped out in an instant, how is Netflix going to make new shows or seasons of existing shows? It's the same with the rest of the content creation business. You and me, we're just a drop in the bucket when it comes to their revenue, but instead of scooping it out a spoonful at a time while adding water by the cup, somebody dumped the bucket over, there would be no money left to pay the content creators before content is even made. 天地人 Of course it depends on what you're watching. The same ideology cannot be applied to everything. Railwayman I guess you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock in? The only moral of the story is: Pay for legit services then and watch posted content - the creators get paid and you get proper content without restrictions. The day the industry realize that DRM, geo blocking and so forth are counter productive will be historic. My1 well I would and I do give my money for legal media consumption when possible but when some things have region locks, meaning I cant import them or other stupid Ideas like Netflix not doing rooted devices, I certainly wouldnt like giving money for something I cant use. My1 not really. I have streamed and/or downloaded stuff in the past (coz not available here) just to buy their blurays years after when it finally came to germany Fedup Love my Moto G5 Plus. Best phone I've had so far - and that's coming from a number of Samsung flagship phones. It's so much snappier and the battery life is insane. I waited a full 48 hours before caving and unlocking/rooting. Haven't looked back. I hate ads, and w/o root, you can't miracast to anything other than chromecast. Trysta Noticed this a little while ago. The crazy thing is I'm not even rooted or interested in any mods. I needed to sideload the latest version 7.1.2 because my RMA Nexus 6p refused to update on its own. I'm keeping the bootloader unlocked so I can recover if my phone boot loops. I rarely use Netflix on my phone but this is kind of annoying. I suspect this has something to do with offline movie watching (which is amazing). jj14x You don't need to unlock bootloader to sideload the full OTA images that Google publishes on their website. Tim Harman But you do need it to recover in your phone bootloops, as he said. jj14x True, but by that logic, everyone should keep their phone's bootloader unlocked all the time (because a bootloop, in theory, could happen to anyone/anytime) - not just when flashing a factory image. My1 but doesnt the actual unlock wipe everything? EowynCarter You don't ? Had to when installing a developper preview. Then I left it that way, so I won't be locked out in case of boot loop. TedPhillips or when you have some random block on disk get corrupted, ala nexus 9. ilovetesla Dumbest blocking I've ever heard Bruce Wayne I stopped rooting ages ago. Android has gotten so good that I don't need it anymore. Muzzy996 Good for you! Not everyone feels the same though, I know I sure don't. Tasker, Adaway, Greenify, Titanium, Substratum and GMD Gesture Controls are all more important to me than Netflix. The day Netflix stops working on my rooted devices (which are what I watch it on, not my TV) is the day I'll cancel my service. No big loss compared to losing root. Richard Markert Tasker is interesting but never felt the need for it. Adaway, titanium are both irrelevant on my S7, I despise gestures beyond simple swiping in the Cardinal directions, and if stock Android is so perfect why do you need to theme it? C64 I have a s7 edge and the stockrom is full of bloatware from Microsoft, Sansung and Google. More than 20 useless apps are included. So yes the s7 needed root. tim242 Wrong. Package Disabler, no root required. Richard Markert No, it doesn't. Everything not necessary for function is disableable. C64 You can't disable everything Muzzy996 Never said android is perfect, if it was there wouldn't be any competition in the market or users such as myself who feel the need to customize Android. Root is not something I push onto others, its just something that I want on my devices and I make choices about what services I use or devices I purchase based upon my ability to do it. Railwayman I take that you like ads, then? Using a non-rooted Samsung without Taller would be like using a feature phone again but with ads. Having an automated device without ads and bloat is certainly a basic requirement to me. Richard Markert Adhell and Disconnect pro. What's an ad? Railwayman I don't see any ads on my Ericsson GF388 either. Don't have to install a single piece of software in order to get there. Ericsson win, Samsung loose.:) Your Samsung still has Google ad services and so forth running even if you are blocking them on the "non root level". My devices are completely ad free with Google ads disabled system wide and in all apps. Samsung loose every time even if their followers are trying to find different "non root methods" to "solve" things that other devices do without any issues due to... root. kostas110 maybe if you use some 500+ euro smartphone from 2016-2017 something that not everyone can do C64 I disagree, Android is one big advertising if you don't use root. Apps have ads (not every app has a pro version), internet browsing sucks without Adaway (build in ad blockers in browsers aren't great), YouTube really sucks if it isn't modded (watch a 30 second ad for a 3 minute movie). And devices are full of bloatware that can't be removed without root. Even the Google stuff are bloatware (kiosk, movies,music,books etc). I also like to remove alot of system apps and replace them with my own apps that i prefer (file manager, agenda, email, music/ video player) and i really hate duplicate apps on my devices. Also Titanium Backup is important to me. So Android​ without root isn't Android for me. jetscreamer01 I use adguard to block stupid ads in my apps. Now using any commercial apps is enjoyable. Richard Markert Samsung's Internet has the Adblock extension and it literally blocks everything. I also use Disconnect Pro and Adhell for system-wide ad blocking. Titanium Backup I never really used even back when I was rooting phones - it has been replaced 100% by Smart Switch. But then, I haven't needed to restore a backup (except for switching devices) in years, probably because I don't run janky community junkroms. Muzzy996 The only reason you feel that Smart Switch completely replaces Titanium is because you never used other features of Titanium that go beyond what Smart Switch is intended for. Things like shortcuts to freeze/defrost apps, multiple version backups or market management are useful to some even if they're on rooted stock OEM ROMs. They're not must haves for the masses though but some of us do appreciate their usefulness. Cyber_Akuma I hate this response. If anything, I have found far more reasons to root than ever before. Being able to create a backup image and install security/tracking software tat can't just be wiped/uninstalled easily is a big one for example. Captain_Invisible But you don't even need to root to get blocked. Just using a custom ROM or having an unlocked bootloader triggers it.. DJMix I really couldn't understand these kind of stupid moves. I mean I kinda get for an Android Pay or some banking apps to implement these limitations. But seriously, a frickin' streaming app? Afraid they're gonna get pirated? For someone who's going to pirate, they probably could just probably reverse engineer the apk and remove the limitations or basically use older apps. Do they really have some idle engineers that they're forced to implement useless feature? ddevito Guess I'll just pirate it all soon. Their loss. JD Fuck Android If OEMs would fucking provide updates for 5 years I wouldn't need to unlock my bootloader. I'm out. I'll come back when Google fixes this shit. Also fuck Netflix. Back to pirating it is. Christopher Bement My app stopped working on my N7 when I sideloaded 5.0. Got an error when trying to play anything. I went and dropped it back to stock on the latest patch and relocked the bootloader. All working fine now. Too fucking bad, Nougat is fantastic on that device, leaps and bounds better than Marshmallow. tehboogieman Which ROM and which N7 do you have? I still have the stock ROM on my 2013 N7 LTE and have been procrastinating loading an N ROM on it Christopher Bement 2013 LTE version and I was using Nitrogen OS (fantastic and stable ROM). I am now on the latest Marshmallow just so that Netflix will work. tehboogieman As long as I can side load it and sign in I'm still ok. It's a pain, but I'd live with that. But if NF blocks root users from signing in, I'm definitely cancelling and just use one of the very easy pirate apps. Fedup As long as you can side load... Sure. But going from "hidden app in the Play store" to "sideloaded app won't run" is probably on the menu. Wayne Randall I just signed up for Netflix so I could cancel it. I'm part of the group. tim242 You paid them... Richard Markert Hahahahahaha I don't even use Netflix on my phone (screen is too small) so I don't care. But man, the tears and butthurt from the root community is hilarious. Benjamin Walburn You're a very petty child. Richard Markert When something makes me laugh, I point it out. I do that even have a dog in this hunt. I only watch Netflix on my 75" LED TV. I'm just tired of root users smugness. Almost as smug as apple users. Benjamin Walburn You're tired of people being smug in their hobbies, so you gloat about the problems inflicted on them pointlessly? Petty and a hypocrite. Richard Markert What else am I supposed to do to remove the smugness? My name is…. Get a life maybe? Benjamin Walburn Why should you? Is another person's happiness really that painful for you? You already know that they accomplished nothing more than "successfully followed instructions." It seems like your purpose would be better served by targeting that, not just being a jerk. Humbling them is one thing, being an ass is another entirely. tim242 You sound like the petty child. Stomp your foot, becauseyou don't get your way. Benjamin Walburn Not only am I not doing that, I'm not not getting my way, and "stomping​ my foot" is not an example of pettiness. Your wrongness-density is impressive. My name is…. Who beat you as a child? Richard Markert Lol koiulpoi You're on androidpolice.com... making fun of the root community... and unable to see past the end of your nose... Don't you have anything better to do? Richard Markert Actually, no. I read Android police because they have the best coverage of software. koiulpoi I didn't realize I replied to you twice. You're all over this article, with really, nothing better to do, huh? Richard Markert Yeah, I'm bored. I'm probably done stirring shit up anyway, today is water change day on my fish tanks. lomsha Tard Railwayman Are you one of those Samsung Apologists that argue against root and proudly tell everyone about the perfection known as Grace UX... just to install Package Dsabler Pro because... something disturb all "perfectness" of their system? Trying to be an "anti-social elitist" is like proudly use Simple Finder on a Mac and tell everyone that you don't need the regular Finder.;) Richard Markert I use Samsung, but only because it offers the best mix of software and hardware for me. And package disablers are garbage. Railwayman I avoid Samsung like a plague because of Knox 0x1 Warranty Void, Grace UX (TW...) and pretty ugly hardware not to mention the software design, which looks like a cheap toy, both colors, design and all S-This and S-That they preinstall. Don't forget DT Ignite so the carriers can add their share. It is always amusing when the Samsung Apologist proudly claim how good it is to live without root and how "mature Android has become" when they are talking about a heavily modified fork of it. If Samsung could replace Google Play with Galaxy Apps, they would. The only thing restricting them from further modification is the CTS in order to be able to use Play. An unrooted Samsung running Grace? It would be like having a feature phone again. Way too many annoyances and no way of making it more pleasurable since the whole thing is... Samsung. The only area where there are some reminiscence of Android is under the About box. Samsung is a disgrace not to mention a complete parody on the concept of an Android device. Not to mention their followers who recently "spotted" the bezel less display (introduced by Sharp and LG followed by Xiaomi) because... the S 8 got it AND suddenly made it a "requirement". The most kind thing I can say about that brand is this: Samsung is for the Android device and platform what McDonald's is for the thing called food.;) There are way better devices available. Buying a Samsung is like getting a Big Mac (the difference is that the Big Mac buyers doesn't claim its superiority - while Samsung buyers always try to claim how "superior" their devices are). Richard Markert Everything in your first paragraph is purely subjective. I find the design of the Pixel to be ugly, boring and derivative. AOSP design language doesn't appeal to me. I also think Samsung's software suite is better than Google's. My 935U doesn't have DTIgnite, but my 935V does...as does the Verizon branded V20, Moto Turbo2, etc. DTIgnite is a Verizon thing. Bezel less phones are sexy, for sure. That Sharp device was a Sharp device, and the Xiaomi has a CDMA radio so I could use it on Verizon , but just can't justify buying a thousand dollar device from China. It is stupidly gorgeous though. I use Samsung because I like the software design. I like the functionality of the base is and apps, and I like the S-app suite. I really miss my Note 7, and I'll be swapping up to a Note 8 when it's out. Don't get me wrong, Samsung phones have their negatives - chief among them is the fragile design and the screen edge touch rejection sucks ass. But for me, the positives outweigh the negatives. Other phones have bigger negatives for me. No IP68, no uSD card, no wireless charging, no SAMOLED display. Phone preference are always subjective. Somebody will always have a reason to pick one over another. Tell me, if Samsung is a "parody" of the concept of an Android device, what is your description of the perfect Android device? I'm guessing it's the Pixel. Railwayman Pixel is an ugly iPhone clone. The best Android device so far would be something like a Xiaomi Mi Mix running Resurrection Remix or similar ROM or something like a Mi Max but with perfection added through a Snapdragon 835, 256GB storage plus microSDand 6-8GB RAM paired with a 1440p 6.44" display or even 4K. 5000-6000 mAh battery. My Xiaomi Mi Max is excellent but would be even better with the aforementioned hardware (I can't fault is existing hardware but I am taking about a new model). A keyboard flipcover would be a great accessory as well. There are no device yet worthy of the perfect moniker yet but my Max is the best thing so far in my collection beside the Nokia Communicators and HTC TP2 and HD2 and also the Xperia Z Ultra when I do the holistic judgment. IP68? Sony all the way to me if I really insist. MicroSD? No need for a Samsung in order to get it. Yes, Samsung is a kind of a parody of an Android device die to their heavy modifications, restrictive policies, low price /performance ratio, carrier branding and Knox 0x1 Warranty Void. The upcoming OnePlus 5 looks promising - they usually get their things right. MicroSD on that one as well.;) If Samsung make a device without any BS such as restrictions, carrier links paired with good price / performance ratio I would be interested. Let's call it a Note Pro. What I don't like with Samsung are all Apologists making excuses for their policies. I have nothing against them as a company or production. They can make excellent products but their policies stop them right now. It is too much McDonald's mainstream and too little class at this time. Carrier devices are typically too mainstream than the unlocked ones. My1 well knox flag is annoying but I honestly like my Galaxy Note 4 which is the last good Samsung in my opinion becase anything later either doesnt have microSD, doesnt have a swappable batter or doesnt have both (Galaxy S6 for example) but these are 2 very important things and I really like some parts of the samsung rom, although a lot of other parts (e.g. the launcher) are junk and get replaced instantly, also root makes the thing work as I want. and well many non samsung devices use the on-screen navigation bar, one thing I despise after having a horrible experience on my tablet. and (at least outside of samsung) the fiun goes on with removing the headphone jack which is something on my absolute instant KO list for phones. I dont see the point of a digital sound connection on a phone because sound itself is analog by definition and I think the DAC in a multi-hundred euro device is better than in some cheap headphones. and not to forget the features. samsung had many features WAY earlier than AOSP did, which certainly doesnt make it so much better at least from this viewpoint, although aosp is certainly getting better with every version. but even though I like my note 4 I must say that it is by no means perfect. everything is better and worse than others if you put the right requirements in. MadMartigan What are are you, seven? me me A primary reason to root is to run adblock because Google is way too greedy. So the irony, Google's greed means there's less reason to pay for NetFlix. Let me guess... shall we? Google Play Movies still works right...? Oh yes, so long as Google makes their money.... tim242 I block ads with Adguard. No root required. Mike | Homeless On Wheels People still use Netflix? Bit Torrent is your friend. dizel123 Exactly. Everyone should stop using Netflix. Not sure how I'm gonna get the shows i currently watch on Netflix from bit torrent since they won't be made anymore once Netflix is shut down, but at least I'll have my bit torrent friend tim242 Some people like to do things properly. Railwayman You mean - Do it with DRM? You can't buy whatever device you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the system you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the app you want because a content provider disagree. I need a lot of apps, ads and limitations for the so called "proper way" . The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. I think I prefer to do things "improperly". Richard Markert >The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. *sigh* I bet you think deleting the APKs from /system actually gives you more space in /data, too. Railwayman Perhaps you can tell me the benefit of having Kindle, Kobo and Nook instead of MoonReader for everything. The benefits of having an uprooted system, Netflix, Hulu and a couple of apps for different cable services instead of having just one media center would also be interesting to know more about. When we are at it: Why would I want to use a 3GB+ Samsung ROM when Resurrection Remix are 600 MB and the G-Apps around 340 MB? Richard Markert I dont use any of those. Phones are too small for media consumption. I don't have any video streaming or playback apps on my phone. Nor do I have book readers, but why wouldnt I want Kindle? It's the only way to access the Amazon library... Oh wait, I forgot, you do that believe in compensating content creators. Resurrection remix, really? If I put that on my S7 edge, I'd be wiping out half the hardware's capabilities in one blow. No Samsung pay, no edge panels, no pro mode camera, no AOD, no game tools, no GearVR. And im sure none of the little things I've come to expect in my UI, like direct calling and sliding a contact to call/txt. But I can move the clock to the other side of the notification shade, woohoo! Oh and does the installer for RR rom repartition the file system? Because if not, /system will still be 3gb, not 600mb. And on top of that, I'm immediately reminded of iOS when I looked at their screenshots. Railwayman So RR looks like iOS? Interesting. It looks like Android with Material Design on my device. I buy Kindle books but send them through a plug-in since the Kindle app pretty much suck in comparison with MoonReader. Sometimes I also buy from Google Play Books and it is also a trip through the plug-in for them and then into the MoonReader library. You see - DRM is a stupidity that must go way unless they create a device wide scheme so any app can authenticate and show or play back the content. I understand that Samsung phones are too small for media consumption. A 6.44-7 inch display is different - it works comfortably without the heft of a 10-12 inch tablet. Small displays below 6-6.3 inches are just too small. So your listed features of your Samsung are hardware? They certainly sound like software to me. Or do you seriously believe that Samsung use co-processors in their device like Commodore did on the Amiga? I can assure you that your Samsung contain standard hardware with a lot of subcontracted components, especially in the US market where they even use Qualcomm CPUs. Samsung Pay? Why would I use an OEM dependent payment system? My credit cards follow a standard, why should I pick myself into a specific device OEM just to pay? It makes no sense. It is like having a car that only runs on Citgo gas or a 4" Visa card requiring different terminals than my 4.5" MasterCard. Mobile payments will be a thing when a standard are in place. Payment systems requiring me to lock myself into a specific OEM just suck. Edge panels? Don't see the need. Don't like Edge displays with their optical side effects. Flat display or just slight roundness on the edges like the BlackBerry PRIV here. Pro Mode Camera? I prefer to have the Open Camera API so any app can get RAW from the sensor and do their thing rather than locking myself into the default camera app. I prefer Camera FV-5 or A Better Camera etc. The Snap Camera is good too. Always on display? Can set it up on my device but don't see the need when there are things such as Active Display and a lot of other options. Game tools? I don't see any problems with gaming on other Android versions so I just don't see what Samsung can add in this regard. Gear VR? Why would I want to strap my device to my face when there are dedicated VR headsets available for gaming consoles and computers? I certainly prefer to have a full headset rather than using my device as one. Call features? They could be good but carrier calling is old fashioned. I use Google Voice instead and wouldn't consider going back to carrier talk and text. Don't see any benefit with having a phone number tied to a carrier of SIM card. Having more than one for different purposes on the same device without SIM dependency is the modern way. I don't know if RR repartition Samsung devices so you have to check XDA. That brand is probably the worst when it comes to ROMs anyway and a lot of my dislike of them are related to that particular issue. Samsung is nothing more than the Big Mac of Android devices and no Gear VR or Samsung Pay (it is like having a McDonald's Pay) really change anything. A mainstream device with mainstream design with too many round edges and corners not to say fragile, batteries that wear out fast due to lower quality and fast charge (which stresses the cells heavily), a software design looking "something" , bloat ware, carrier BS such as bloat ware and also the price model, Knox and root/ROM restrictions, locked bootloadern - the list goes on and on. Mainstream degenerated art is what Samsung represents. But I know the existence of people who don't believe in freedom of choice other than the freedom of buying their Samsung from their carrier and then happily oblige and reduction imposed to them all the way down to the SIM card dependent phone number and roaming charges when they travel.;) They also consider Samsung Pay to be the best thing ever - a payment system that only work on a particular OEM. It really is like a car that require Citgo gas and is unable to run on Exxon or Esso fuel. Samsung just are the Big Mac of Android devices. There are just nothing "classy" over such a carrier mainstream brand. If you want to know what luxury are? Look at Vertu. Richard Markert A 7" device is too small. My tablets start at 10" minimum , and go to 12" maximum. Content consumption is unpleasant on anything smaller, and I barely watch anything on a display smaller than one of my 24" computer displays. Yes, you're right almost all of them are software features, but they are locked out when you put a junkrom on there. And Samsung Pay? Well, call me when Android Pay is compatible with magstripe readers. My bank still doesn't support Android Pay that I know of, either. GearVR. How shall I put this? Computer VR is currently overpriced - unless you want to go ahead and buy me a $600 headset, a pair of controllers @ $130 each, AND you still need to buy me a $1400 PC to run VR titles at an acceptable framerate, because while my laptop can still run AAA titles at high framerates and 1080p, it can't do VR that good. My GearVR cost me $50, it's a convenience thing, every VR title is locked 60fps, the graphics are "good enough" and I can even take calls from VR with my Bluetooth headphones. I don't care about Google Voice. Or any sort of data-based calling. US data networks are still too unstable and limited. I am pretty much guaranteed to be able to make a call anywhere I can see at least the tiniest bit of 1x signal, but if the data network is gone, or you used all your gigabytes, you can't make calls anymore on your preferred number. A lot of these things you say you simply "don't need" them, and that's how I feel about root. And about pretty much everything you care about. I don't do ebooks, I don't do movies or tv, I barely play basic games. I do listen to a LOT of music though, and yes a lot of it was stolen from when I was younger and stupider and didn't understand that without compensation there will be no content. Oh, and BTW, Knox is a good thing. It's how I have system-wide ad blocking without rooting, and how I can have my Secure Folder. You seriously think Vertu phones are luxury? Classy even! Vertu are tacky, garish and gaudy. "Look at how much money I have." Nothing classy about that ugly diamond-crusted turd. Look, I really don't care what your choices are. I'm glad you have the choice to find a device that makes you happy. But you seriously need to stop acting like your choice is the only choice. It's not. And I hope to god it never will be, because at that point, Android will no longer be a platform that fits my needs and I might as well go to Apple. Because you see, what fits my needs, is a device that provides me with everything I have, out of the box, without having to modify it. Samsung does that. They give me everything I want, and nothing I don't. And when the Note 8 comes out, the S-Pen is going to blast it so far ahead that there simply won't be any other phone in the running, not even the S9. I would still have my Note 7 if they would let me. Railwayman Good that you have your Samsung. Also great that you have your 10-12 inch tablets. I assume you bring them everywhere? Very is easy more elegant than a Samsung. It doesn't mean they are the best but way better looking than a Galaxy 8, which I have been tried and I just don't see any reason to get it because of the way Samsung design things. You like to be locked down to a carrier. Google Voice work perfectly well here without any network problems. If the network coverage is so bad that modern services doesn't work I rather jump to a satellite provider if I really need the ability to call from the middle of nowhere. I wouldn't get VZW and eliminate my device choice site to them being very restrictive about what I am allowed to use. Having a carrier dependent phone number is very... 1996. I just don't accept such a limitation - especially not the thing called roaming. I just switch my SIM card to a local one and continue to receive calls as usual. The beauty of GV. If you think iOS is the way to go if Grace UX would disappear I think you should get the iPhone then. It seems like out of the box is the most important aspect. I just don't know any device that has an out of the box experience even close to my requirements. Samsung is certainly furthest way from them. I just dislike their devices because of their design, software, carrier affiliation and serious restrictions. They just feel like a budget device full of carrier advertisement and bloatware. Richard Markert I disagree with you in every possible way. Yes, I do take at least my Surface 3 almost everywhere. My Z10 LTE goes when I'll want to play games or watch Netflix on a tiny screen with crappy headphones. Vertu: You say elegant, I say gaudy, tacky, trashy and fucking ugly, like most things marketed to people with more money than God and less sense than a cricket. I don't know where you live, work, play or travel, but many times a year I'm driving in places, especially the highways, that will have no data coverage. It's that simple. All your google voice hijinks mean nothing when you have -100 dBm of 1x and the mobile data network is completely unavailable. I can still make and receive calls at that point, because Verizon, but you're shit out of luck because you only give people your GV (interface is barf, btw) number. Oh, and for the record, I just flashed the US Unlocked FW to my S8, so now I have no Verizon junkware or restrictions, like my S7e before it. And yes, at this point in my life, I'm sick and tired of having to do the software developers' job for them. When I was younger I found all that rom cooking, kernel coding, smali editing, adb pushing, su manipulating stuff fun and exciting, but now all I want is a phone with the features that I want that Just Works OOB. I also feel the way you do about stock android. It's design, included software, limitations and style are not appealing. And every phone is "a carrier advertisement", and has always been that way. Until the S8, every phone came with a carrier logo if you bought from a carrier. I get what you want from a phone, I really do. You want a basic device with no features that you can add onto to do what you want. But man, you gotta stop acting like you're the Westboro Baptist Church and Samsung is the homosexual community. Railwayman Samsung is not the homosexual community, right. They are the mainstream community where everyone eat at McDonald's.:) The homosexual community is more about being different rather than following the mainstream, i.e. the opposite of Samsung (it is hard to be more Average Joe adjusted than they are...). The day I really want coverage in "every possible place" is the day I get myself a satellite phone, especially if I am to drive in remote land where I can't rely on decent carrier coverage. Your attempts to put down Google Voice is amusing. Verizon are going to shut down their CDMA network and HTC U11 is already out, with support for their LTE but not the old fashioned thing also known as 1X.:) It is also amusing that you argue that hard against vanilla Android. Did you ever consider iOS or Windows Phone? If I would dislike vanilla that much, down to a dislike for Material Design I would switch platform immediately. If I don't like the system the way its creator intended it then perhaps it isn't for me and I switch. Relying on some third party OEM to "modify it to my liking" is a bit naive. A Samsung has something that is an "Android based OS" very much like Nokia X/XL had the Android based "Nokia Software Platform". I also notice your misconception about how other devices work. My device runs perfectly well. It just... works. It has a lot of features not present on a Samsung (yes, I have used the S 8/Plus), consume 0.1% per hour in standby, provide me 12-13 hours SOT and simply do more things than any "out-of-the-box Samsung" does and do them well. Samsung make pretty simple devices, with ill designed software full of bloatware and "added value" applications and services reducing performance and increase power consumption. I would say bling. Then we have other devices offering more useful features, higher performance, lower power consumption, more elegant design and so on. What they don't offer is the marketing known as Samsung. It's a good thing, actually - it leads to better value for money. BTW, Google Voice is simply a vastly superior service compared to VZW. You can start travel (out of the US) or trying to get your texts synced into your Google account with your carrier based service... Bragging about 1X is like bragging about EDGE coverage in... 2017. "My carrier is better than yours because I have 1X service on the soon-to-be-gone CDMA network on my Samsung and it makes it so much better than using modern IP based services! I am truly modern with my Samsung! My phone number is also controlled by my carrier and I must pay roaming when I travel, which is great - more money to Verizon! Much, much better than using GV on a data plan!" The day I need "coverage out in the nowhere land" I either get the satellite phone or some burner for that very purpose (it's a case of simply routing the GV calls to that thing). I know since before that modern communication services are a bit alien to proud owners of carrier branded Samsung devices. It is hard to think outside the box - much easier to just use Samsung with branding and everything.:) Good luck with your Samsung. Consider an iPhone next time. Apple has a new one coming and it can give you some taste of what being unlocked means (buy it from Apple Store). I think it can be enlightening, especially if you try the Genius Bar as well (i.e. better service than Samsung could ever offer through the carriers). Richard Markert I get it, you're a Google and Stock Android zealot. I read maybe 3 words of your damn novel. I do want you to answer this question without a dissertation And 500 page thesis: what are you going to do when you're in the middle of nowhere in a dead sport for data and your car breaks down? Railwayman The day I know that I will be in need for 1X coverage on Verizon I get a burner phone with such support before traveling. You make it sound like it is something really and truly unique with such coverage and that your Samsung is a marvel because it offer it. Verizon just introduced a flip phone with full support for their LTE network. So it doesn't take a Samsung to get there. The only requirement I have is tethering (if the purpose is to use the device of choice) - basic talk/text will do otherwise. So no, I just don't need a Samsung even in the "1X middle of the nowhere with a broken car" scenario. If it is very important with calling in dead spots - go and check Iridium, GlobalStar or Thuraya. I would go down that route in an instant if I really need coverage in "no mans land". So no, there are no single scenario where a Samsung is "needed" for whatever reason. Everything that brand can do can be done with other brands. Simple as that. Richard Markert Why do you always write a novel? We get it, you hate Samsung like Trump hates Mexicans. Shut up already. Railwayman I don't hate that brand is overrated and hyped. Mexicans are approximately 1286 times more sophisticated and polished than any Samsung. They don't even have Knox, which is a major benefit. Now go and enjoy 1X on your Galaxy. Don't forget the grave beer when VZW down, though. derp_cookies So I agree this is a dumb move but everyone is overreacting by threatening to pirate content. This is a niche problem as less people root now, especially since Android pay won't work when you do it. So Netflix isn't any less accessible than it was before. I watch 99% of Netflix at home on my Roku. Luxferro It's not just rooting. My Nexus 6P is running stock google rom, no root, w/ just unlocked bootloader, and netflix is gone in my play store. Not that I watch TV on my phone... but my shield tv is also unlocked... so it's probably just a matter of time. Roh_Mish Dammit Netflix, you make me want to go popcorn time route. My current primary phone and my iPad are what I use to watch netflix and both of them is stock so i don't have anything to worry about but this just feels wrong. Between this and Amazon not releasing the TV app for my sony TV, which they support outside, popcorn time (and in extension piracy) just seems easier. Vivek Rameses This is why we have piracy. Miguel Angel But ...why? occono Distributors want Netflix to stop any possibility of making DRM-Free backups on the content. Railwayman Good luck with that. If it can be played, it can be recorded. As long as the Netflix content is visible somewhere a copy can be recorded so again, good luck with blocking. Mariano Moreira Even more strange is while Netflix app is removed from Playstore, Netflix VR is still.in Playstore. Manually flashing Factory Image for Google Pixel is how I get me OS updates and I choose to leave bootloader unlocked, rather than relocking every month.(which would include full wipe) So I guess they don't care about security for the few users whom might use Netflix VR with Daydream compatible device? tehboogieman I'm not familiar with the Pixel, but almost every Nexus device lets you lock without wiping all your data. Maybe that requires root though, I really don't understand the details on how it works, but hopefully you can find a way to do it. Mariano Moreira To clarify: In order for me to install Factory Image every month, I need to have Bootloader unlocked. Doing the Factory unlock will wipe the device. Locking the device doesn't wipe the device, but Factory unlocking the bootloader will wipe the device. tehboogieman Yeah, sorry I wasn't more specific. I use an app called BootUnlocker. It lets you lock and unlock the bootloader without wiping at will. Since an app can do this, I'm assuming that it can be done via ADB. Also it might only work on older devices, but maybe there's a way to replicate this action on newer devices as well Mariano Moreira I don't understand why Google is promoting Security by having the device fully-locked, yet still relies on ADB fastboot unlock/OEM Unlock commands to flash factory images? saf1927 Why are using factory images when Google provides OTA images too, and these don't require an unlocked bootloader, nor a wipe? Mariano Moreira I am using Factory Images because I can choose to only use Bootslot B this way. Bootslot A on this current Pixel and the 3 before it has the non-working mic and no working headphone jack issue. I hear the issue is resolved on newer handsets, but have not RMA'd this device yet. I need the microphone and headphone jack, so letting the phone do an OTA and move me to Bootslot A is no-go. *I have N2G47O installed on both Bootslot A and Bootslot B, currently. Only Bootslot A has the audio issue even thought the exact same Factory Image is installed. saf1927 Oh, wasn't aware of that. Did it affect all the old devices? I got mine at launch but haven't experienced the issues you describe. Is there a way to reproduce them? I normally either take the OTA or flash the OTA images via fastboot. Mariano Moreira Allegedly only 1% of devices (I just have bad luck, I suppose.) https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsIW_gxTpXX3s/?hl=by I have posts around late November- early December on in that thread about mic/headphone jack issue My 1st device was fine until after the 2nd Update, but I had not diagnosed Bootslot A/B discrepancy. Wasn't until after 2nd Device (1st Replacement) that I have been able to always get Bootslot A to have faulty mic on my replacement devices. My Cousin and his girlfriend both have Pixel XLs. He had a dead Mic out of the box but currently neither his nor his Girlfriend's Pixel XL has mic issue. Even with forcing Bootslot A for a month of testing. I most likely have another faulty device, just this is my 4th Pixel from Google and everything is fine except Bootslot A. jdrch It's not just Netflix. The HDHomeRun Prime app doesn't work on rooted 7.0+ devices either. Jsilvermist Good to know, will no longer recommend Netflix to anyone when I'm asked... James F News flash: when you explain to most normal people why you don't recommend Netflix, they won't care, because it doesn't affect them. D13H4RD2L1V3 This is stupid. I had to root my phone to be able to hide the navbar at any time I want and also to gain better battery management controls and other stuff that I sorely wished Google had added to stock Android way sooner. And I was considering a Netflix subscription. No longer...... Sruly J I know it's not fully a solution which is "worth it", but the app Custom Navigation Bar offers the ability to hide status bar/narbar without root. Although like you said, you had other reasons to root, so... My1 yeah, I do root for theming and stuff, but srsly they literally are throwing oil in the Piracy and DRM discussions with this. Diar I pay for Netflix so I can watch the content any way I want guilt free, whether that's their app or other locations on the Internet. F their VPN blocking and DRM. If they make their app impossible to use, I just won't use it. They'll still get my money but they will lose any data/tracking since I'll still be watching their shows, just outside of their ecosystem. Dummies. ReedSolomon Between the SJW nonsense like Bill Nye, the ipv6 tunnel blocking (rather than simply defaulting to ipv4), increases in price, less and less quality content, and now this, I see little reason to keep paying for Netflix. robogo I understand Netflix' reasons, I really do - they need to protect their property and investment. But I can't really say I understand the way they're doing this. This is a good way to alienate the small percentage of power users who root their devices for various, but perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And no, this will not make me cancel my membership as long as the app works. Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. D13H4RD2L1V3 I personally just find it a dumb move. Seems like an easy way out. Dmitri Smirnov > perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And what reason would that be? Preventing people from ripping their content? Doesn't stop them in the slightest, root-detection in circumvented rather easily as well as safety net, we have PokemonGo to thank for that - a lot of people were motivated to crack it and they succeeded. > Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. Cancelling membership is valid form of feedback to the company, that trying to tell it's customers that they are not allowed to own their device that they paid their money for, if they want to watch a movie. robogo You misunderstood, it seems. A perfectly valid and understandable reason to root one's device would be, e.g. Xposed framework, theming support, tethering, backing up stuff with Titanium Backup, etc. Please read my comment once again. EowynCarter Well, if and when it stops working on my phone, what will be a major nuisance. robogo Agreed. I'll have to find another way then. But I'll deal with that when the time comes. Manbearpig I member when netflix released there app for Android and they did the same thing. I would just download the app and be good to go. After awhile though I stop rooting I miss it sometimes Cyber_Akuma I warned people when Pokemon GO of all things had a surprise update that silently added SafetyNet that this garbage was going to become more and more common. Mario RUN uses it too, and now Netflix.... soon apps everywhere are going to add SafetyNet and block rooted devices as standard practice. Google has been incredibly hostile towards people who actually want to own or have control over their devices or even their PC Software over the last few years. And over the last year google has been making SafetyNet more and more harsh, now even tripping if your BOOTLOADER is unlocked even if your phone is not rooted. Pokemon GO and Mario RUN were a small crowd, but I hope after Netflix of all things starts using it (and make no mistake, this is just the beginning) that people will finally push back against Google's hostility towards rooted users. EowynCarter Yeah. Or I might seriously consider going the iOS way. Though iOS would pose other problems. (Bye paylib) BillPosters I rooted my Android phone to get rid of the annoying camera shutter sound, and to prevent apps from stealing my contacts, and to basically take control of my device rather than letting Google run the whole show, and because of that I can't update Netflix? Good riddance Netflix. iKon I'm pretty sure you can go in the camera settings and take of the camera shutter sound?.... .. In some region-specific firmware versions or certain devices you can't do that. Railwayman There is a better solution: Declare the device a DRM free zone and use everything else. DRM to me is "Don't Restrict Me!" and an excellent reason to give certain companies the middle finger telling them to just go and F themselves. The most ironic thing here is that removing Netflix or using DRM otherwise doesn't stop piracy. On the contrary - By buying and using DRM content you get to travel in the cargo hold with no heating while the pirating consumer get first class service: more content, no restrictions, no copyright trailers or ads before the movie start and stop on. Even better: They can use whatever apps or ROMs they want. Would I unroot my device in order to get DRM content onboard? No way!!! If Netflix are so scared - block the client on Mac OS X and Windows et al. Piracy doesn't usually happen with an Android device as a source but rather computers and HDCP rippers. Another thing also to the DRM companies: Everything that can be played back can be recorded! (Good old piracy saying) Netflix out, Fusion with Exodus, SALTS and Phoenix in. Kodi with Rapier skin is much nicer than the Netflix client and Trakt integration make this way a much better one than going down the DRM route, sitting with an uprooted stock ROM and Netflix.;) TechJunkie198 ? netflix isn't scared. the studios require the drm. and netflix isn't concerned with the small percent of users who root their devices. Railwayman Doesn't matter. Go and enjoy your DRM services.;) DRM is a pest and that is why the pirating community offer a superior product. It is easier and more hassle free to just put Netflix where they belong and use Exodus et al or MovieBox or Terrarium TV and so on. To those who now consider unrooting because of Netflix: Just don't - use other services instead. Richard Markert So when everybody takes your advice and uses a service that doesn't compensate anybody in the content creation business, and all the high-quality media is gone, don't go crying about there being nothing good to steal anymore, k? Railwayman Even better: DRM and proprietary vendor lock in are scrapped and replaced by standards. If they want some kind of protection - make it device wide and linked to the account signed in so playback works in different apps - only thing needed is to call the system wide authentication system. I am against DRM and vendor restrictions. Original content without any of the BS is what the world need. Piracy is a symptom of several problematic things such as geo restrictions, root restrictions and the failed idea of the "right of no distribution" - i.e. the content exist but stubborn companies deny distribution using silly arguments. I always remove DRM from purchased content in order to have full control including the basic right of using whatever app or equipment for playback. Richard Markert Start developing the solution, and start a content creation company that can compete with the big boys when it comes to quality content. Or, you can sit around and whine online about the content creators not wanting the people who don't follow rules to play in their gated sandbox and get mad when you crawl over the fence. Railwayman I take that you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock-in. It is easy to avoid the gated sandbox so no need to whine. It is easier to just fire up Exodus rather than relocking the bootloader and flashing a stock ROM or remove SuperSU in favor of Magisk just to be able to get Netflix. DRM is such a waste of time. It's not necessary to develop a new service since the content are available DRM free already. Standards for media and books etc does exist or did you miss EPUB, PDF, AAC, MP3, MP4 and so on? Perhaps you prefer such a format as ZNO or Apple modified EPUB that only works with iBooks? saf1927 Magisk seems to do the trick. Helios What about my non-rooted OnePlus One? It's also listed as incompatible.. '-_- 天地人 Don't OnePlus devices run a custom ROM and have unlocked bootloaders? Android Developer How can they block people who root the device from installing the app? The play store doesn't have this filter. Maybe after the install they do this check? Richard Markert If you're really an Android Developer, you would know that SafetyNet is what's doing this "behind the scenes". Android Developer I'm talking about the article. They say that Netflix blocks rooted devices, and I know that this isn't an option on the developer console. Google doesn't have anything related to rooted devices there. Ezio I have about 200 original blu-ray disks, go to cinema, and I'm Netflix subscriber. Now I won't get app updates (or even worse I won't be able to use it in the future) just because I like to use my custom rom. Thank you. This is really a bad move. AdjustedFlow I thought netflix was about providing a better service than piracy. Now they're literally pushing me back to piracy. What the heck? Dany If for "root" they mean administrator privileges, don't we already have that on windows 10? So why Netflix doesn't block desktop version too? P.S. by the way...whatever man! I was using Kodi more than this crap anyway... Miku is Best Vocaloid This means Netflix won't be getting my business anymore. Paul Sterling No worries here, when you're legit. Take my money, I'm not cheap. Give me a service, I'll pay you. I don't need to rob. What am I? 13 living with my mom using Napster? Naw, grew up. Don't have any Tim foil hats. My wallet grew up too. ast00 This is a dick move that could have been avoided. If they want us to pirate their content instead, we will pirate their content. We tried doing it the legal way, but they didn't allow it. Their problem, not ours. EowynCarter Umf. **checks google play ** No longer compatible with my nexus 6 . But nexus 4 still ok. For crying out loud! I'm not rooted or using a custom ROM. Pyramid Power netflix is just losing money. it's saying to those people, 'go to thepiratebay!' RemiV2 I guess I'll just keep torrenting then. Thanks, Netflix. Lawstorant Magisk stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy Linus Monie If you are this afraid of someone potentially fiddling around with your code, the problem is not the 'fiddler', it is your code. Netflix is a client app. If I can, with a rooted phone, fake my subscription, or somehow cause a major security issue, that is not a problem with me, that is a problem with you pushing out a vulnerable app to millions of users. Sure, it would be my fault for exploiting it, but there is no-one but you who managed to put the problem in place. A CLIENT app should not be anything but a front-end representation of an API run by your servers. The CLIENT should have nothing but a CLIENT ID to use with the API. The CLIENT should NOT be able to change JACK SHIT with the API, it should only be able to get search results, get access to encrypted streams, etc. If your client CAN change JACK SHIT (which one could assume is true, since you are so actively hiding your code) then you have a major security vulnerability... This is a problem with your code, not anyone's rooted device... Hell, you don't even need a rooted device to access the applications code, just download an APK of the app, extract it, and decompile it... Jesus netflix, get your shit straight you bendy pos... My1 I think their problem is rather that rooted users *might* be able to capture the decrypted stream using root or whatever and they are afraid of that. although on PC you have admin permissions and netflix has no problems iirc. Linus Monie Yeah, exactly, its not like people will prefer to pirate the stream on their phone (at least I wouldn't...), so that was my first thought of why they made this change. Now that I think about it though, its probably not so much of a Netflix decision as it is a licensing issue with one of their "film sources". (can't think of a better word for it rn..) Licensing issues are a bitch when you need to adapt to as many as Netflix has... My1 yeah true. pirating on phone makes (quoting austin from game theory) NO. GOD. DAMN. SENSE. I mean I dunno whether you can automate that so good and/or get it fast enough, especially with the relatively low storage, no LAN capability and so on. BahnStormer Netflix is used more on tablets and TV boxes, these tend to be used for several years longer than phones and even Google now only updates their devices for <2 years (Samsung / streamer manufacturer's do this even less!)... We HAVE to run the likes of Lineage if we want the devices to be secure! Bye bye Netflix, even Amazon Video lets us use rooted devices! jcopernicus People don't understand IP and lambast a company protecting it. Of course. My1 I have never tried but if netflix can run over a non-HDCP connection like DVI or VGA, there's literally no reason to use a phone for piracy. RemixedCat well they got rid of 5 star ratings, deleted tons of shows I was in the middle of, and the roku app is hella slow and takes 10 freakin minutes to load (by comparison my OS install from power on to desktop was 8 minutes on my samsung 850 500GB SSD!!) Tobi I'm running LineageOS on my Oneplus One to lengthen the lifespan of my device. Why must I be punished for that? I'm going back to pirating content. StankyChikin Possible that the movie industry is pushing this? SkullOne Shhhhh. Don't use logic here. It's not allowed. It's simply easier to blame Netflix and believe that they have a vendetta against the teeny tiny, itsy bitsy amount of root users out there! StankyChikin Forgive me plz lol username_not_valid This isnt about Netflix, its about its content providers. There is this notion that you can copy files and therefore pirate content if you are rooted. We all know its rubbish, Netflix probably knows its rubbish, but that doesn't change anything. If Netflix wants shows, its has to abide by its license agreements. There is really nothing Netflix, Amazon, Sky or any other streaming service can do about it. The fact that almost all pirate content comes from PCs and HDCP by-pass devices doesnt mean a thing. TedPhillips at least in practice, unlocking your bootloader/being rooted has no impact on your widevine support level. now, i'm not sure if the oem could supply a high-level drm library on a pre-rooted device, due to agreements, but modification after the point of sale is a different matter. meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ Richard Markert >meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ I don't even need an admin account to steal Netflix on my PC. Since the Windows 10 app and browsers BOTH work over analog, all I need is an inline box with a DSUB VGA connector and simply capture the entire output from the VGA port. My1 or use DVI if possible, even better. Valerie Frye-Preter Did they do this because of the stolen season 5 of Orange is the New Black? TedPhillips wasn't that stolen before it was available for streaming? so i don't see how it could be. TedPhillips when the device can be retroactively uncertified, as safetynet mutates over time, that's a step beyond the usual forced obsolescence of artificially short software support windows. now instead of buying a new phone every 18-24 months, it could be literally whenever they feel like moving the goalposts. Mike Hunt I don't understand. I am a Netflix subscriber, but will probably have to unsubscribe now since I bought a rooted Chinese mediabox for my TV. This sucks, as I liked and supported NetFlix's business model. Richard Markert Which box do you have? Mike Hunt One of these https://www.aliexpress.com/wholesale?catId=0&initiative_id=SB_20170514131212&SearchText=media+box+mini+m8s Brock Reed I'm not even getting the "not compatible" message, it's just not showing up at all. Ajmobileguru First DirecTV Now and now Netflix. I dont see the point. As if rooted users were pirating the streams or movies. Rooted users on non-nexus/pixel devices already were getting only 480p because of widewine crap and now this. Anunnaki This is why people switch to apps like Popcorn Time and Terrarium TV. Biga173rd Popcorn time still works? Anunnaki When I last checked few months ago, it was working. No idea about the current situation though. Biga173rd Okay Erin Andrews Oh that's easy, they block my device I cancel my subscription. Say goodbye to my 15 dollars a month. piggynuts Stopped playing Pokemon, stopped using Snapchat, next to go is Netflix. I refuse to say bye to root. BobButtons Magisk. While some say it's hit and miss with Pokemon GO (idk, I don't play it) it's never not worked for me with Snapchat/Android Pay/Mario Run. cliff_dangers Why does everyone freak out about a rooted phone but my PC which is wide open is not a problem? What makes smartphones so special? Doro Manekia ΝετΦλξ Ανάθεμα σου.Χα χα χα Το Μαααακα. Bewear I am not that upset because I rarely use Netflix on my mobile, I am upset because this kind of blocking will become a trend. BoFiS ugh, fuck you, Netflix, I pay for your serve, LET ME USE IT ON MY PHONE A.M There are some many ways around that LAME NETFLIX - Showbox Kodi Firestick with Kodi I can't see the point of Netflix when we have so MANY better apps out there that kill Netflix ErectBipedal That'll teach them filthy pirates for trying to pay us money!.... wait.... -Netflix probably Zxyon Rhysivz What could users with unlocked/rooted phones do with the Netflix app that other users can't? Loco Mole Netflix content isn't that much better these days, so if they choose to distinguish themselves by being a d*ck to consumers who care about using our devices the way we want to, then f u too, Netflix, I got plenty of other legit streaming content. Fedup Let's see... Piracy: $0.00, no ads, no DRM, no device/location/time restrictions Legit: $$$, ads out the as$, DRM limiting options, shows locked to specific devices, locations, etc. Keep on making the decision easier for us, Netflix. xyz Fortunately, the Pirate Bay is accessible from all devices and regions without any geo-blocking. berserksgangr Well, my Nexus 7 with Lineage it's not working even without root (error 9) Nick Riley This is utterly stupid! Corvus Dove Remember that time that making things more difficult for software and media pirates through DRM while possibly messing with legitimate customers paid off and prevented piracy? Me either. Asbjørn The problem here is that most users root their phone to get the updates that their OEM doesn't want to make available. If Android had proper updates, rooting would not be so necessary. Patel Nisha Root user here. How do I use Magisk for this? I have it installed and new to the Magisk(haven't had a rooted phone in a while)? Keletor Does it stop you from sideloading it? I mean really, if you are rooting your phone you most likely will find a workaround. Luxferro Not yet, but you can be sure the app will stop working in the future. Znuff The download feature is not working for me anymore. And the 5.x app is not working at all, just says I need to install the 4.x one (redirects me to the download page) Tim Get Roku tv or a fire stick cause no issues there and it isn't through Google then Biga173rd People still use Netflix? mlauzon And this is exactly how you piss off your end users! Doug Rogers I guess I'll have to unroot - whoops, Android 4.2 Awesome. Luxferro Don't forget to leave your 1 star review. Links to both apps (Android TV and the normal Android app) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.mediaclient&hl=en&rdid=com.netflix.mediaclient https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.ninja&rdid=com.netflix.ninja Yoda’s Spirit Seems they keep cracking down on anything Open internet related! The only way I can watch overseas now is using Mediahint.com - nothing else works. Luxferro Just use usenet. They are forcing their legit customers to piracy... DDS This move will not stop people from pirating their content, it will encourage it. Exactly the opposite of what they're trying to achieve. But tell that to the a**hats who control the money... Ubelsteiner And thus, Plex and Kodi become even more popular, as Netflix drives a nail into it's own coffin. Znuff http://i.imgur.com/LG3dXc4.jpg http://i.imgur.com/eNeuPCD.jpg Can not use the latest version on my device, it sends me to download the 4.x version. When I try that, the latest 4.x version has Downloads disabled for me (it used to work on this device). US Patriot No worries. I can live without Netflix, but I will NOT live without full control of my devices and data. Ricardo A. Fragoso For those who want root at all cost there's still a chance to get movies with ChromeCast Support... Google "TerrariumTV". :D You are welcome. :D Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 Mobile devices are now a vice.The rules,whether stringent or lenient,if there's demand,the market will fill the demand.Plain and simple.So to Mr.Gable,your wrong buttercup. Nick Coad I can guarantee you that Netflix doesn't make these choices willingly. The production companies they purchase shows off are notoriously backward when it comes to technology and unfortunately Netflix relies on them to survive. Kevin Davis So I can't update my Netflix app on my unaltered Google Store Pixel XL. FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye, you SONS OF BITCHES. Signed, a former longtime top tier subscriber, until, as of now. Once again, so there is no doubt: FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye. Sent from my Google Store Pixel XL. theinternetmakesyoustupid who the hell watches netflix on their phone.. johnforamerica Chromecast? Sledge If you have the app installed you can use the in app option to call netflix over wifi. Do this. Be heard. Don't let them continue to push back against the right to tinker. McHenryGames Main reason to root is XPosed. Screw Netflix and screw Google. Brian Both my phone and tablet are as they left they left the factory. Both are blocked form the new update, neither is rooted. Looked like they are trying to promote rival services as it is unacceptable to block legitimate users on a paying service. ED-Zが現れた! Well... Time to change my rate from 5 to 1... Thomas That's a surprising backward move from Netflix, a company that I admire and follow, not just as customer but as an engineer. I wonder if, adding up with their experimental price hike, someone with the wrong ideas got recently hired... Anderson Moreira Oliveira :-( Mason Andrew Maseda Cant use it on complely stock Android O beta. But Android Pay works. So wtf Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 149 queries | 1.287s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish iOS 11 Will let You Text Siri Instead Of Speaking To It By Tyler Lee on 06/06/2017 16:38 PDT With Amazon pushing its Alexa AI technology pretty hard and doing a good job at it, and with Google having launched Google Assistant, we guess Apple might have been feeling the pressure to step up their game, which is why with iOS 11, it seems that there is a lot of focus on improving upon Siri. One of these changes comes in the form of the HomePod which is a Siri-powered speaker that lets users speak to Siri and get it to do things for them, but if you’d rather not talk to Siri maybe because it isn’t convenient or maybe because it isn’t picking up on your accent properly, not to worry because iOS 11 has a pretty nifty feature that lets you text Siri instead of speaking to it. For some reason this was a feature that was not mentioned during the iOS 11 announcement but was later discovered during the beta of the software. Basically what users can do is text their requests to Siri instead of speaking. We’re not sure if this will be more convenient than using your voice, but it appears that the feature is inside the Accessibility menu. This suggests that it could be meant more for users with speech impairments and allow them to interact with Siri in text form, but either way it’s still a pretty cool feature that you could check out in the future with iOS 11’s release. Filed in Apple >Cellphones. Read more about iOS, ios 11 and Siri. Related Articles 2017-06-06 iOS 11 Will Leave iPhone 5, iPhone 5c, 4th Gen iPad Behind 2017-06-06 Monument Valley 2 For iOS Released 2017-06-05 iOS 11 Files App Spotted Hours Before WWDC 2017 2017-06-02 Apple Has Paid App Store Developers More Than $70 Billion To Date 2017-05-14 Apple Acquires AI Company Lattice Data 2017-05-09 Apple Sends Out Invites To WWDC 2017 2017-03-27 Siri In iOS 11 Will Apparently Be Capable of Learning User Behaviors Hold On Tight, Your Flights In The Future Could Get A Lot Bumpier Samsung Galaxy S8 VS LG G6 In Speed Test Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments

Apple Unveils 'HomePod' Speaker, 1st New Product in Years VOA News Facebook 0 Twitter 0 E-mail More Google+ LinkedIn KakaoStory June 07, 2017 08:12 Apple nodded to several up-and-coming technology trends, unveiling a new "smart'' home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The "HomePod'' speaker unveiled Monday is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is the first new device Apple has announced in almost three years. It unveiled the Apple Watch in September 2014. Apple "can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others,'' said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive'' way that's less dependent on smarthphones, he said. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. The HomePod speaker is photographed in a a showroom during an announcement of new products at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose , California on June 5, 2017. /AP ◆ Keeping It Real with VR New iMacs unveiled Monday at Apple's annual conference for software programmers are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for development virtual-reality "experiences.'' But Apple is late to the game on VR. Samsung and Google already have VR systems centered on their smartphones. Facebook, HTC and Sony have high-end VR systems, too. Virtual reality has been described as the next big thing for decades. But so far, interest has been strongest among gamers, developers and hardware makers rather than everyday users. Apple's entry into the market could change this. Its entry into digital-music sales with iTunes, and into the smartphone market with the iPhone, upended those industries and gave them mass appeal. ◆ New iPhone Features New features coming to iPhones and iPads include messages that sync to Apple servers in the cloud. These devices will only keep the most recent messages in local storage. For photos, Apple is turning to a "high efficiency'' format to replace the widely used JPEG standard. Although the format is not exclusive to Apple, it's not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which mostly use JPEG. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. ◆ Mac Gets an Upgrade Apple CEO Tim Cook unveiled the latest operating system for Mac computers. Called High Sierra, it recognizes more faces automatically, which should make it easier to organize photos, and will offer more photo editing tools. Safari, Apple's web browser, seeks to make users' online experience smoother and less annoying. It will allow users to automatically block auto-play videos by detecting videos that shouldn't be playing when you open a webpage to read an article, for example. The browser's new "intelligent tracking prevention,'' meanwhile, will use machine learning to identify and block digital-ad trackers in order to keep advertisers from following and profiling users. It will not block the ads themselves, though. ◆ Sizing up the iPad Apple is introducing an iPad Pro in a new size in an attempt to revive interest in its once hot-selling line of tablets. The new 10.5-inch model offers room for a full-size keyboard, something the 9.7 inch model couldn't. Yet it isn't as bulky as the 12.9-inch model. With consumers less interested in buying new tablets, Apple has increased its focus on designing tablets for professionals to do much of the same work that they usually perform on a laptop computer. It's also what Microsoft is targeting with the Surface Pro; a new model comes out on June 15. The new iPad Pro also comes with a better camera -- the same one found in the iPhone 7 -- along with more storage, a better display and faster refreshing of moving images. The new model starts at $649 and will start shipping next week. ◆ Watch the Watch Apple is also updating the operating software for its Apple Watch, including new watch faces, more personalized alerts that use machine learning to tailor information to you based on your routines and tastes. It also enhanced its workout app to, for instance, support high intensity interval training. It will also be possible to exchange data between gym equipment and the watch. In a nod to Amazon streaming fans, Apple is also bringing Amazon Prime to its Apple TV app. Copyright © Chosunilbo & Chosun.com Previous Next All Headlines Back to Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The faces even a mother couldn't love: AI learns to draw humans from doodles with nightmarish results AI was trained to fill in sketches with colors and texture using a problem solving technique  Goal is generate its own lifelike portrait from a human sketch by determining if its own is 'real' or 'fake' If it is deemed 'fake,' it repeats the generation process until an outputted image passes for a 'real' one By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 19:03 EDT, 6 June 2017 | Updated: 03:32 EDT, 7 June 2017 e-mail 166 shares 24 View comments The terrifying faces may look like creatures from a horror movie, but these digital images were actually generated by artificial intelligence (AI). Pix2pix project has unleashed a new tool that analyzes portraits and fills them in with colors and textures using a technique called generative adversarial networks (GANs). During the process, the system determines if its result match the sketch and will keep repeating the generation process until its own passes as 'real' – regardless of how nightmarish the results may look. Scroll down for videos  The terrifying faces may look like creatures from a horror movie, but these digital images were actually generated by artificial intelligence (AI). Pix2pix project has unleashed a new tool that analyzes portraits and fills them in with colors and textures using a technique called generative adversarial networks (GANs) HOW DOES IT WORK?  Users are presented with an input box and an output box and are prompted to draw a face in input, select process and in seconds, the AI will reveal its version of the sketch. Pix2pix used GANs to train its algorithm, which is a method to help the technology work towards a solution to a problem by judging how accurate its results are and the repeating them until they are correct. One component of the AI is drawing, while the other determines whether the result is deemed 'real' or 'fake' and if fake, the sketching factor keeps adding until it gets it right. The tool, which was designed by Dutch Public Broadcaster NPO, was fed thousands of images of one of its anchors, Lara Rense. Users are presented with an input box and an output box on the website. They are  then prompted to draw a face in input, select process and in seconds, the AI will reveal its version of the sketch. And although the original may not have been anything to look at, the AI's result seems to be a thing of nightmares. However, many AI systems have attempted to create their own art and it seems they have all had the same results. MotherBoard explained that this is because machine learning was designed to classifying existing image, not make new ones. But it seems, according to the popular Tumblr prostheticknowledge, the tool does work if you are able to draw a flawless image in the input box. Pix2pix used GANs to train its algorithm, which is a method to help the technology work towards a solution to a problem by judging how accurate its results are and the repeating them until they are correct. One component of the AI is drawing, while the other determines whether the result is deemed 'real' or 'fake' and if fake, the sketching factor keeps adding until it gets it right. Another AI has also dreamed up its own nightmare that included Bob Ross as a monster-faced figure. An engineer filtered an episode of Ross's PBS television show 'The Joy of Painting' through the artificial neural network DeepDream, which can 'see' objects and animals that are not really there. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next SpaceX wins its first Air Force contract to launch... From cooking rice with fewer calories to stopping sliced... The secret of ticks incredible grip: Scientists discover... Do we live in a HOLOGRAM? Video reveals controversial theory Share this article Share The tool, which was designed by Dutch Public Broadcaster NPO, was fed thousands of images of one of its anchors, Lara Rense (pictured). And it seems the tool does work if you are able to draw a flawless image in the input box Users are presented with an input box and an output box on the website. They are then prompted to draw a face in input, select process and in seconds, the AI will reveal its version of the sketch The video shows a segment with Ross painting his iconic happy trees, but instead of seeing fluffy green bushels, viewers are presented with bug-eyed creatures on the canvas.   The latest DeepDream project was created by Alexander Reben, who is an artist an engineer. Reben shared his nightmarish masterpiece on Vimeo, which he called 'Deep Artificial Trees'. Pix2pix used GANs to train its algorithm, which is a method to help the technology work towards a solution to a problem by judging how accurate its results are and the repeating them until they are correct One component of the AI is drawing, while the other determines whether the result is deemed 'real' or 'fake' and if fake, the sketching factor keeps adding until it gets it right 'This artwork represents what it would be like for an AI to watch Bob Ross on LSD (once someone invents digital drugs),' Reben explained in the video's description. 'It shows some of the unreasonable effectiveness and strange inner workings of deep learning systems.' 'The unique characteristics of the human voice are learned and generated as well as hallucinations of a system trying to find images which are not there.' Basically the AI know it must continue adding colors and textures to the image until its 'fake' image has passed as 'real', which is why the digital faces look like a nightmare DeepDream was originally developed to give scientists and engineers a peek into what a deep neural network is seeing when it looks at an image. However, it later become used to create bizarre, nightmare-like psychedelic and abstract art. The tool was built by Realmac Software based in Brighton and is only available for Mac users. 'Artificial Neural Networks have spurred remarkable recent progress in image classification and speech recognition,' wrote Alexander Mordvintsev, Christopher Olah and Mike Tyka of Google's AI team. Another AI has also dreamed up its own nightmare that included Bob Ross as a monster-faced figure. An engineer filtered an episode of Ross's PBS television show 'The Joy of Painting' through the artificial neural network DeepDream, which can 'see' objects and animals that are not really there  HOW DEEPDREAM WORKS  Google trains an artificial neural network by showing it millions of training examples and gradually adjusting the network parameters until it gives the classifications the team want.  more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Nasa asteroid-hunter NEOWISE hunts for rogue celestial objects Watch video Ori's robotic furniture transforms your apartment with one button Watch video Meet the Czech 'GyroDrive' a mini helicopter you can drive Watch video Veteran NASA astronauts welcome the incoming class of 2017 Watch video Fossil jaw reconstruction allows Neanderthal comparison Watch video Earliest known Homo sapiens fossils shows brain evolution Watch video Wait, what?! Guy skims across pool after leaving waterslide Watch video Upsetting moment teens punch mentally disabled man in the head Watch video Wife trying to divorce husband FAILS to get him to cheat on her Watch video 'Leave!': Man verbally abuses muslim girls in a restaurant Watch video TV reporter goes off on INSANELY vulgar tirade at police officer Watch video Michelle Obama: Barack wore the same tuxedo for eight years The network typically consists of 10 to 30 stacked layers of artificial neurons and each image is fed into the input layer, which then talks to the next layer, until eventually the 'output' layer is reached.  The network's 'answer' comes from this final output layer.  In doing this, the software builds up a idea of what it thinks an object looked like.  In the 'generative adversarial network,' part of the network will attempt to fool the other part by inventing fake data, which will be mistaken for training data. DeepDream was originally developed to give scientists and engineers a peek into what a deep neural network is seeing when it looks at an image. However, it later become used to create bizarre, nightmare-like psychedelic and abstract art - like what was created using Bob Ross's tv show 'But even though these are very useful tools based on well-known mathematical methods, we actually understand surprisingly little of why certain models work and others don't.' Google trained an artificial neural network by showing it millions of training examples and gradually adjusting the network parameters until it gives the classifications the team want. The network typically consists of 10 to 30 stacked layers of artificial neurons and each image is fed into the input layer, which then talks to the next layer, until eventually the 'output' layer is reached. The video shows a segment with Ross painting his iconic happy trees, but instead of seeing fluffy green bushels, viewers are presented with bug-eyed creatures on the canvas (pictured) Then the clip takes viewers to a farm where he pets what is supposed to be cute animals, but instead of a fluffy gerbil in his hands, it appears as if he is holding a creature that morphs from a monkey, to a lizard, to an eight-legged spider. Google trained an artificial neural network by showing it millions of training examples And the network's 'answer' comes from this final output layer. In doing this, the software builds up an idea of what it thinks an object looked like. The five and a half minute clip of Ross's PBS show is anything but fun and happy trees. Ross is standing in front of the canvas, but the neural network has transformed him into a creature of different animal heads. And his paintings become more bizarre as the clip rolls on. Instead of a scenic view of the mountains, lizards, bugs and other animals fill the canvas Then the clip takes viewers to a farm where he pets what is supposed to be cute animals, but instead of a fluffy gerbil in his hands, it appears as if he is holding a creature that morphs from a monkey, to a lizard, to an eight-legged spider. And his paintings become more bizarre as the clip rolls on. Instead of a scenic view of the mountains, lizards, bugs and other animals fill the canvas. MIT researcher have created their own nightmare machine and turned famous landmarks appear like something out of a horror film.  more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Ori's robotic furniture transforms your apartment with one button Watch video Meet the Czech 'GyroDrive' a mini helicopter you can drive Watch video Nasa asteroid-hunter NEOWISE hunts for rogue celestial objects Watch video Veteran NASA astronauts welcome the incoming class of 2017 Watch video Fossil jaw reconstruction allows Neanderthal comparison Watch video Earliest known Homo sapiens fossils shows brain evolution Watch video Wait, what?! Guy skims across pool after leaving waterslide Watch video Upsetting moment teens punch mentally disabled man in the head Watch video Wife trying to divorce husband FAILS to get him to cheat on her Watch video 'Leave!': Man verbally abuses muslim girls in a restaurant Watch video TV reporter goes off on INSANELY vulgar tirade at police officer Watch video Michelle Obama: Barack wore the same tuxedo for eight years The algorithm created by the team is making photographs of famous landmarks appear like something out of a horror film. 'We use state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms to learn how haunted houses, or toxic cities look like,' the researchers said. 'Then, we apply the learnt style to famous landmarks and present you: AI-powered horror all over the world!' Interested viewers can help MIT find the essence of horror on the website, or look at more of the pictures the Nightmare Machine has generated on Instagram.    MIT researcher have created their own nightmare machine and turned famous landmarks appear like something out of a horror film. The DeepDream algorithm transfers a photograph of the Eiffel Tower in Paris to a horror scene, in a style called 'Fright Night', according to the website This GIF shows how the DeepDream algorithm transfers a photograph of the Eiffel Tower in Paris to a horror scene in a style called 'Fright Night' © MIT  St Basil's Cathedral in Moscow transforms into a Haunted House themed image with the help of MIT's Nightmare Machine © MIT  The two main techniques used in the project, style transfer and generative adversarial networks, were published in papers last year. The network typically consists of 10 to 30 stacked layers of artificial neurons and each image is fed into the input layer, which then talks to the next layer, until eventually the 'output' layer is reached. The network's 'answer' comes from this final output layer. In doing this, the software builds up a idea of what it thinks an object looked like.  A normal photograph of St Basil's Cathedral in Moscow is pictured left. The image on the right shows the photograph of the cathedral after it has been transformed into a scary picture using artificial intelligence The Nightmare Machine team is making photographs of famous landmarks appear scary. New York city after an alien invasion, according to the Google Deep Dream algorithm, is pictured 'In the 'generative adversarial network,' part of the network will attempt to fool the other part by inventing fake data, which will be mistaken for training data. In creating a network that works against itself, researchers believe it will eventually learn to be more precise in its output.    'We use state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms to learn how haunted houses, or toxic cities look like,' the researchers said. 'Then, we apply the learnt style to famous landmarks and present you: AI-powered horror all over the world!' Interested viewers can help MIT find the essence of horror on the website, or look at more of the pictures the Nightmare Machine has generated on Instagram.  Stonehenge is another example of a famous site turned into a nightmare by the MIT team. Interested viewers can help MIT find the essence of horror on the website, or look at more of the pictures the Nightmare Machine has generated on Instagram © MIT  A spooky Stonehenge is pictured, after a transformation using Google's Deep Dream AI. The 5,000-year-old structure was erected in the late Neolithic period about 2500 BC The Taj Mahal in Agra, India has been turned into multiple horror scenes, with the 'Toxic City' style shown left and the 'Slaughterhouse' style shown right The Colosseum  in Rome, Italy shown in the 'Tentacle Monster' theme. In another part of the spooky research, the AI system learns what makes images frightening using feedback from humans This AI-generated image of Tower Bridge in London was created with an 'Inferno' theme. The two main techniques used in the Nightmare Machine project, style transfer and generative adversarial networks, were published in papers last year A series of algorithms known as the 'Nightmare Machine' is trying to find the root of horror by generating a scary-looking face (various pictured) then making it even scarier In another part of the research, the AI system learns what makes images frightening using feedback from humans. 'We used state-of-the-art deep learning algorithms to generate new faces,' the Nightmare Machine website says. 'Then, we dropped a hint of scariness onto the generated faces in the spirit of Halloween. 'Now, we wonder: which faces are scarier?' Visitors to the website can rate whether an image they see is scary or not, and help the AI to learn. Each time someone votes for an image as scary, the algorithms learn to consider the qualities of that image as fear-inducing qualities - and the same goes for non-scary' images. Every time a vote is cast, the AI learns more about what humans consider a scary image. With enough input from people around the world, the AI could generate the sum of human fears. TURN YOUR PHOTOGRAPHS INTO DEEP DREAM NIGHTMARES  Google gave a glimpse into how its Deep Dream networks learns to recognize photos. The results were a terrifying and fascinating mix of random animals, eyes and psychedelic shapes spotted in everyday images. And a few weeks later, developers created an app that lets you transform your own photos and GIFs into Deep Dream nightmares. Called Deep Dreamer, the tool was built by Realmac Software based in Brighton and is only available for Mac users. The company specialises in Mac software and has not revealed plans to roll it our for Windows user.  Any photo or GIF can be dragged into the tool, or opened from the File menu, and a series of tools lets users tweak how the finished photo, or 'dream' will look. These range from an impressionist painting style, to looking for eyes, animals and a dream described simply as 'trippy'. The number of 'dreams' and iterations can be tweaked to dig deeper into the image and Google's code, resulting in more obscure and surreal images. Once the refinements have been selected, users click 'Start dreaming' and the image begins to change on the screen. A progress bar sits at the top and a notification is sent when the 'dream has finished'. Last year, Google gave a glimpse into how its Deep Dream networks learns to recognise photos. The results were a terrifying and fascinating mix of random animals, eyes and psychedelic shapes spotted in everyday images. And a few weeks later, developers created an app that lets you transform your own photos and GIFs into Deep Dream nightmares (pictured) more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Meet the Czech 'GyroDrive' a mini helicopter you can drive Watch video Ori's robotic furniture transforms your apartment with one button Watch video Veteran NASA astronauts welcome the incoming class of 2017 Watch video Nasa asteroid-hunter NEOWISE hunts for rogue celestial objects Watch video Fossil jaw reconstruction allows Neanderthal comparison Watch video Earliest known Homo sapiens fossils shows brain evolution Watch video Upsetting moment teens punch mentally disabled man in the head Watch video Wait, what?! Guy skims across pool after leaving waterslide Watch video Michelle Obama: Barack wore the same tuxedo for eight years Watch video Disturbing video shows final moments of Denny's chokehold victim Watch video Kim Zolciak twerks to Eminem in a TINY bikini while on vacation Watch video Wife trying to divorce husband FAILS to get him to cheat on her   Read more: Nightmare Machine Nightmare Machine (@nightmare_machine) ¿ Instagram photos and videos Nightmare Machine: Help us create the most scary prosthetic knowledge — prostheticknowledge: Fotogenerator Pix2Pix Online... Nightmare Hellface Generator is Cutting-Edge Machine Learning - Motherboard Share or comment on this article e-mail 166 shares Most watched News videos Dashcam captures moment young children fall from boot of car I wanna hold your hand: The orang-utan that won't let woman go Incredible great white shark encounter ends with stingray attack Man almost killed by flying door after shooting fridge Adorable baby sees mother clearly for first time with new glasses CCTV captures a man who is slowly 'crushed' in an elevator The bed's too big without you: Cuddly kittens sleep together Dad spooks his son reading bed time story to his brother Wait, what?! Guy skims across pool after leaving waterslide Sleeping baby can't control himself when he hears his favorite song Horrifying video of daredevil falling to his death from a bridge Crazy McDonald's customer jumps over counter to attack worker ‘It jumped up and struck the wing’: Monster 500lb,... The busted bunker: Peppered remains of Nazi turret... Cool under fire! Man is almost killed by a flying fridge... A step too far? Boss leaps from a BALCONY in front of... First footage is released showing daredevil climber make... No crying over spilled beer! Arizona residents... On the road again: Gipsies head to Appleby Horse Fair in... Algerian Notre Dame terror attacker ‘was given an EU... Serial killer known as the ‘Vampire of Bytow’ who... Creaming spires! Oxford University students cover... Mother, 22, is saved by her boyfriend just before jumping... Every little thing is gonna be alright! Incredible before... Mesmerizing timelapse video shows the 33-month... Hairdresser, 48, admits murdering her partner by plunging... 'Most disgusting thing I've ever seen': Council show... A very charming rogue: JONATHAN AITKEN recalls the life... Oxford-educated travel writer's husband attacked her and... Pictured raging on CCTV: Violent thug, 30, who beat... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 24 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Next story Archaeologists resume search for controversial 7.2 million-year-old fossils that could rewrite human history 25 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Editorial: Here’s what Google can bring to… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Live: Comey’s testimony Warriors’ moms celebrate From the fields to MIT Ghost Ship fire upate Is Ivanka ‘complicit’? Secrets of Yosemite Breaking News The Latest: Ranking intel Dem calls Comey words ‘disturbing’ Opinion Editorials Editorial: Here’s what Google can bring to downtown San Jose besides jobs Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Google’s offices in Zurich are mind-blowingly surreal. Designed by Camenzind Evolution, the same firm that did the cutting-edge Tel Aviv offices for the search giant, this Alpine outpost hosts one of the company’s engineering hubs. Before they came up with their plan in 2007, the designers picked the brains of Swiss Googlers to get an idea of what they wanted in their new offices. The firm said it found that while the "personal workspace needed to be functional and more neutral, communal areas had to offer strong visual and more aesthetically enjoyable and entertaining qualities to stimulate creativity, innovation and collaboration." Just check out how entertained these employees are. (Reuters) Once called “a playground for nerds,’’ Google’s office in Dublin, Ireland is full of crazy props, including an indoor putting green, greenery throughout and off-beat meeting venues like the tiny conference room set inside of a giant fake tree. The downtown Dublin flagship is spread across four buildings and is designed by architecture firm Camenzind Evolution, with brightly colored interiors and bold design cues. Amenties include five restaurants, on-site tech shops to check out new Google products, 42 kitchenettes, a fitness center, a game room, and a swimming pool. Each floor has a theme, including one level called “Search’’ where Googlers write code all day long to improve the search giant’s algorithms. (Camenzind Evolution) Google’s Israeli offices look down on Tel Aviv from the 11th floor of the "Electra Building’’ where about 600 people work on improving the search engine and other products. The main entrance was designed to look like "Port Tel Aviv," an old sea port that's been converted into office spaces that now host tech startups. The cafeteria offers microwaves that can only be used for kosher foods. (Office Snapshots) Google's spanking-new London office opened for business last year, home at first to 800 engineers reporting for duty at 6 Pancras Square in King's Cross with on Monday, with another 2,000 staffers expected to move in over time. The cutting-edge offices feature free food, access to a running track, massages, and even cooking classes from a chef that used to work with Jamie Oliver. (Google) When Google’s new office in Sydney, Australia opened in 2015, it was a grand event with local dignitaries on hand to fete the new digs opposite Star City Casino.The office features an elaborate kitchen, gaming facilities and themed relaxation rooms for its 350 staff, along with elevator doors designed to look like a train carriage, with the doors painted yellow and signs similar to those used the Sydney train network. (Business Insider Australia) Show Caption of Expand By Mercury News Editorial Board | Mercury News PUBLISHED: June 6, 2017 at 3:49 pm | UPDATED: June 7, 2017 at 4:37 pm We are trying not to count our chickens just yet, as the Google plan for a campus in downtown San Jose has not precisely hatched. But we can’t help giving a quick, hopeful cheer — and not just for the 15,000 to 20,000 jobs Google could bring to the city.  Related Articles Google, San Jose plan search giant’s downtown expansion Slideshow of cool Google offices Besides its roaring growth, Google is known for something in short supply in San Jose: imaginative architecture. The urban iteration of a GooglePlex with parks, stores and restaurants mixed in could bring that elusive essence — character — to a downtown whose newer buildings, with a few exceptions, are devoid of it. Mayor Sam Liccardo, other city officials and local business leaders announced the plan Tuesday, providing context to recent rumors and reports of developers and investors snapping up land near Diridon Station. If the Google plan comes about, everything in that part of town will soar in value. The city is expected to negotiate exclusively with Google to sell city and former Redevelopment Agency land in the 245-acre area, which once was planned as a ballpark for the As. Big plans for downtown come and go, but the fanfare around this indicates a healthy degree of commitment. The announcement was an interesting convergence with Apple’s WWDC (Worldwide Developers Conference), back in San Jose for the first time since 2002. Let’s hope it’s a trend. Adobe Systems was the pioneer technology company downtown, building two high rises in the 1990s and offering 2,400 jobs. We hoped others would quickly follow, but tech remained enamored of more sprawling campuses between San Jose and San Francisco downtowns. Then the tech presence in San Francisco grew — millennials love it there — and companies snapped up land near Caltrain stations all along the Peninsula. The Diridon Station area, with light rail, Amtrak and the soon-to-be electrified Caltrain line, was an obvious next step, especially with BART and possibly high-speed rail on the way. Thousands of high-rise apartments and condos recently have opened or are under construction within walking distance. San Jose’s economic development department under Kim Walesh has worked with the Knight Foundation and arts groups to nourish  a downtown arts and cultural scene, dining and social hubs to appeal to companies with young employees. Shared work spaces like WeWork and NextSpace have been growing. Amazon is moving its Lab126 research and development unit into at least one floor of  WeWork’s space in the Towers@2nd complex at Santa Clara Street. All of this raises hopes for a stronger downtown identity and sustainable economy. The addition of a large Google transit village could be what pulls it all together. We’re still not counting our chickens, of course. We’ve been there before. But we’re keeping a hopeful eye on those eggs.   Tags:  Google Mercury News Editorial Board Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Game 3: The greatest moment of the greatest Warriors season Now, Warriors seek vengeance – 16-0 San Jose’s oldest restaurant will close Watch: Mamas Curry and Durant gleefully celebrate Warriors’ Game 3 win San Jose woman arrested in connection with Milpitas hit and run Hate, anti-Semitism on rise at Alameda schools, parents say What time will James Comey testify? From farmworker fields to MIT: Gilroy family shares success story More in Editorials Editorial: Ghost Ship arrests should only be a first step June 06, 2017, 11:36 am Editorial argues there is much left to be done on Ghost Ship fire. Editorial: Do Trump tweets on ‘travel ban’ put the last nail in its coffin for the Supreme Court? June 06, 2017, 4:22 am Tweeting over the weekend, the president undercut his own Justice Department’s valiant attempt to show his attempt at a promised “Muslim travel ban” is constitutional. Editorial: Bill would help curb deceitful school bond measures June 03, 2017, 9:00 am School officials each election keep voters in the dark about the tax burden from billions of dollars of school bonds. Editorial: GOP deliberately obscured its sudden repeal of online users’ privacy rights; what’s next? June 02, 2017, 2:49 pm The president and GOP leaders in Congress relish keeping the American public in the dark while they plot strategy that threatens to damage the innovation economy that is driving the U.S. economy. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 08, 10:04 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Amazon Developing New Ice Smartphone Series Intended For Developing Countries, Report Says By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 06/06/17 AT 6:42 PM Close Amazon’s best-known side ventures have been consumer electronics devices like the Echo and Fire, but the online retailer is potentially looking into a redo of a product at which it has failed: smartphones. Amazon is developing a smartphone series named Ice, Gadgets360 reports. The series will be powered by Google Android and intended to be a low-cost model for developing markets like India. Internally, the phone's specifications are expected to fit this mold. As Gadgets360 noted, one of the phones potentially will include a 5.2-inch to 5.5-inch display. Elsewhere, the phone will have a 13-megapixel rear-facing camera, 16GB of internal storage and a rear fingerprint scanner. While the price of the phone has yet to be confirmed, it’s expected to be around $93. Read: Dish Partners With Amazon To Bring Echo And Alexa Voice Control To Dish DVRs Notably, Gadgets360 also noted the phone would feature Google’s Assistant program instead of Amazon’s Alexa virtual assistant. The move potentially could be a reflection of Alexa and Echo’s scope in regions it wants to launch Ice in — Alexa and the Echo family of home assistant speakers aren’t available in India yet, for instance — but Amazon could always bring Alexa to Ice down the road. Previously, Amazon dipped into the smartphone market with 2014’s Fire Phone. The premium smartphone, which came on the heels of Amazon’s Fire tablets, sported high-end specifications and Amazon-specific services like X-Ray. However, the phone was dinged by critics for middling features and was discontinued the following year. For Amazon, the move to the emerging market smartphone is a slight change in direction from its past consumer electronics announcements. Products like its Echo series of home assistants have generally been targeted at upscale users. However, the developing market has been a point of interest for other tech companies and Amazon potentially is the latest to join the fray. Among them, Google has had a long-standing interest in maintaining both high-end and entry-level smartphones for consumers. In 2014, Google launched its own Android One program, which provides standards and hardware options for smartphones in countries like Kenya, Pakistan and India. Google Android head Sundar Pichai has said he believes smartphones in these regions should come down to $30. The Amazon Ice series could benefit Amazon in other areas. For products like the Echo and Amazon Alexa, the online retailer has seen the upsides of expanding Alexa’s platform. Thanks to a growing user base and developer support, Alexa has been able to hop from the Echo to devices ranging from TVs to home appliances. Read: Google's CEO Wants $30 Smartphones For Developing Countries Amazon’s own app and hardware ecosystem took a small hit with the Fire Phone’s failure — Amazon’s physical device family is limited to its Fire and Kindle series of tablets and e-readers — but the Ice could be a way for the company to keep its foothold in the smartphone hardware space. And while the phone primarily will use Google apps, Ice can still be a way to introduce more users to other Amazon services down the road Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories The Essential Phone Might Be The Best Android Smartphone, But Will It Be Enough? Amazon Is Offering People On Government Assistance A Lower Prime Membership Price Recommended Business Sears To Shut Down Over 70 Stores In January, Sears announced it would be shutting down 150 stores and, in May, added at least 30 more stores to that list. Technology ‘Kingdom Hearts III’ Actor Kills Dreams Of E3 Release Date Reveal ‘Kingdom Hearts III’ might have some sort of presence at E3 2017, but one of the game’s voice actors says we shouldn’t expect a release date reveal. Read the full disappointing tweet here. World Iran Blames Trump's Visit To Saudi For Tehran Attacks Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps blamed, in a statement, President Donald Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia last month, for Wednesday's twin terror attacks in Tehran. National How Much Did James Comey Make Before His Firing? Before Comey was removed from his position by President Donald Trump, the former FBI director was taking home a substantial paycheck. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Digital Trends Home > Mobile > Google will punish developers who incentivize… Google will punish developers who incentivize reviews to boost app visibility By Brenda Stolyar — Updated June 6, 2017 3:09 pm Subscribe Share The best part of this minimalist Pacific Northwest cabin is outside the window Get your Sagan on with these 42 awe-inspiring photos of the final frontier Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you If you're downloading apps from the Google Play Store, it's important to be aware that some of the reviews and installs might not be completely credible. Google has added a new developer policy to make sure the Google Play Store reviews remain unbiased. The new policy prohibits developers from using “incentivized ratings, reviews, and installs” to yet again, manipulate the ratings of their apps. Last year, Google announced improvements in fighting spam and fraudulent installs by rolling out improved detection and filtering systems to monitor manipulated app rankings through third-party services. But developers found another way to cheat the system by bribing people instead. Developers are increasingly incorporating tactics like giving away free goods or money in exchange for users to provide positive reviews of their app. This boosts the app visibility on featured lists or top charts, regardless of how many people are using or installing it. These incentivized strategies give developers a head start on revenue as soon as the app is released rather than gambling on whether or not it will reach top charts organically. Higher visibility increases the chances of consumers downloading the app once they see it’s highly-ranked, along with a stream of consistently good reviews and a large number of downloads. Once reviews come in from genuine users, the false reviews eventually disappear among the new ones — making it seem as though all users downloaded the app solely based on it’s popularity. If developers do violate the policy, their app gets filtered out of the top lists or their library of apps are deleted off the store completely. However, these incentivized reviews and installations still interrupt the flow of the rest of the app rankings throughout the Play Store. They bump down apps that earned their spot on the featured lists or top charts from real user experiences, and take their place instead. It’s always a good idea to take a look at app reviews before downloading an app, as too many positive reviews can be a potential sign the app developer uses incentivized strategies.
HOME LATEST NEWS NEWSLETTERS SEARCH   LATEST NEWS FOR THURSDAY JUNE 8 10 Biggest Changes Apple Didn't Announce on Stage at WWDC Not everything Apple introduces at WWDC gets a big announcement. Sometimes there are positive things that just aren't big enough for a fancy executive to spend 30 seconds talking about. OnePlus 5 Smartphone Set To Make Its Debut on June 20 The latest flagship smartphone from OnePlus, the OnePlus 5, will make its online debut on June 20. The company also plans to hold several so-called pop-up events in different cities at the same time. HP Delivers New Omen-Branded Gaming PCs Apple's iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad Google's Latest Android Update Fixes Pixel Phone Freezing Intel Facing Onslaught in PC and Server Markets CLOSE   NEWS TOPICS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS APPLE SECURITY CYBERCRIME MICROSOFT GOOGLE DATA CENTERS ANDROID TELECOM MALWARE FREE NEWSLETTERS (NEW) News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users MOBILE TECH TODAYCIO TODAYTOP TECH NEWSDATA STORAGE TODAY HOMELAPTOPS & TABLETSMOBILE PHONESMOBILE GADGETSMOBILE APPSMOBILE SECURITYBYOD & MDMMORE MORE ON THIS SITE: MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT TRENDING TOPICS: Apple  ・  Security  ・  Cybercrime  ・  Microsoft  ・  Google  ・  Data Centers  ・  Android  ・  Telecom  ・  Malware APPLE/MAC Apple Thinks Its Smart HomePod Will 'Reinvent' Home Audio Posted June 6, 2017 EARLIER Apple Announces Smart Speaker, Device Upgrades, and iOS 11 THIS STORY Apple Thinks Its Smart HomePod Will 'Reinvent' Home Audio LATER Apple's iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad YOU ARE HERE:   HOME APPLE/MAC THIS STORY Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. NEWS OPS By Michael Liedtke and Barbara Ortutay. Updated June 6, 2017 9:57AM SHARE ALSO SEE Apple WWDC HomePod Speakers Alexa Amazon Echo Digital Assistant Google Home Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers -- the latest test of the iPhone maker's ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple's technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. No Place Like HomePod The "HomePod" speaker unveiled at Apple's annual [WWDC] developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple's iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple's own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod's owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. "It will reinvent home audio," boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. Apple vs. the Dry Spell The HomePod is Apple's first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn't been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company's ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs' last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad - all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company "can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others," said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive" way that's less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it's also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple's assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) "This is the start of the AI wars," he said. Macs, Phones and Payments Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality "experiences," although the company didn't announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple's web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It's part of Apple's effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. New features coming to iPhones and iPads, meanwhile, include marginal improvements such as syncing messages to Apple servers in the cloud, saving storage space on phones and tablets. Apple also laid some groundwork for augmented reality, the projection of digital features onto real-world surroundings, by giving app developers tools for incorporating AR into their products. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. © 2017 Associated Press syndicated under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Product shot by Apple. Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com TOP OF THE NEWS THURSDAY JUNE 8 10 Biggest Changes Apple Didn't Announce on Stage at WWDC Not everything Apple introduces at WWDC gets a big announcement. Sometimes there are positive things that just aren't big enough for a fancy executive to spend 30 seconds talking about. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20   HP Delivers New Omen Gaming PCs   iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad   Android Update Fixes Pixel Freezing   Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN APPLE/MAC WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad New iMac Pro Workstation Debuts Apple Intros Device Upgrades, iOS 11 iPhone 8 Images, Schematics Leaked INSIDE MOBILE TECH TODAY NETWORK SITES SERVICES BENEFITS LAPTOPS & TABLETS MOBILE PHONES MOBILE GADGETS MOBILE APPS MOBILE SECURITY BYOD & MDM MOBILE INDUSTRY NEWS WIRELESS CONNECTIVITY GPS & MAPS MTT CONTRIBUTED CONTENT CIO TODAY TOP TECH NEWS MOBILE TECH TODAY DATA STORAGE TODAY NEWSFACTOR ENTERPRISE SECURITY TODAY SCI-TECH TODAY CRM DAILY ABOUT OUR NETWORK FREE NEWSLETTERS ARTICLE REPRINTS CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICE ADVERTISE WITH US PUBLIC RELATIONS (PR) SERVICES (In Partnership with NewsFactor) SEO SERVICES SPONSORED CONTENT SERVICES News & Product Reviews for Mobile Tech Users Copyright 2017 CIO Today Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 FastestISPs AppleHomePod iMacPro HighTechCities Menu Home/ Opinions/ With HomePod, Apple Just Wants to Shake Things Up (For Now) With HomePod, Apple Just Wants to Shake Things Up (For Now) By Sascha Segan June 6, 2017 10 Comments There's room for two smart voice platforms; Apple just wants HomePod to be in second place. Apple's HomePod speaker is a depth charge dropped into the ocean where Google Home and Amazon Echo sail. At $349, it's not going to dominate the voice assistant world. But for Apple to achieve its goals, the HomePod just needs to keep the waters rough enough to make its competitors seasick. There are a bunch of weird things about Apple's HomePod announcement. First, Apple doesn't like to announce products six months in advance. And while the iPhone and iPad are expensive, they're not double the prices of rivals. The HomePod is also being sold as a music device above all else rather than virtual assistant. One interpretation is that Apple isn't going after competing voice assistants but the midrange, wireless multi-room speaker market; the domain of companies like Sonos, Bose, and Logitech. Yes, those companies have $200 options, but the Sonos Play:3 costs $299, and the Bose SoundTouch 20 costs $350. Those companies have been slow to adopt the kinds of flexible voice capabilities we've seen on Echo and Google Home, and they tend to appeal to a higher-end consumer who thinks the Amazon and Google products look and sound cheap. But I think Apple's strategy is a little trickier than that. The midrange speaker market is in fact ripe for disruption, and I think Apple's correct to assume that people who have expensive speakers probably have an iPhone. But by announcing the HomePod six months in advance, Apple's also trying to draw developer attention away from Alexa and Google Home, making sure that it's in second, not third place in the eventual war of the voice assistants. Second place is a very comfortable place for Apple, because it's focused on profit share rather than market share. In a battle between Apple and Amazon, it's easy enough to see a repeat of the iOS/Android war, where Echo speakers eat up the bottom end of the market while Apple reaps profits at the top. Amazon actually wouldn't mind this, as (like Google with Android, but not like Android phone makers) its business isn't dependent on making a profit from hardware. Developers Can Only Handle 2 Platforms Platforms need developers, and we've seen over and over that the tech world is capable of supporting two—not three—platforms in most areas. On the desktop, it's Mac and Windows, not Linux. On phones, it's Apple and Android, not BlackBerry 10 or Windows Phone. On high-end tablets, increasingly, it's Windows and iOS, with Android shunted down to the low end. Sure, the third platform often manages to hang on as a niche, but the two major ones dominate the market. Developers just don't seem to have the resources to split their attention more broadly. Right now there are three players in voice assistants: Apple, Google, and Amazon. Apple is coming late to the game, but it understands the value of not being third. And as it implied by focusing on music in its presentation, SiriKit is way behind the competition in attracting developers right now. Related Apple HomePod vs. Amazon Echo vs. Google Home: Smart Speaker Showdown Apple HomePod vs. Amazon Echo vs. Google Home: Smart Speaker Showdown Apple needs to get SiriKit into the conversation and to make sure Google and Amazon don't lock down voice-assistant developers, which could definitely happen in the next six months. By announcing the HomePod now, Apple throws a bit of confusion into that community; should developers keep their powder dry? Google is likely to suffer more than Amazon from this, because Amazon has a lot of third-party partners and an already vibrant developer community. Look at our list of Alexa skills versus our list of Google Home voice actions: Google is just getting started here. Google's speaker also sounds better, and costs more, than Amazon's hot-selling Echo Dot, putting it in a little more danger from Apple's higher-end product. This doesn't mean that Apple's HomePod is going to be a best-seller. Sure, it could be the next Apple Hi-Fi, an expensive audio accessory that ends up being overlooked for better third-party products. But it keeps the waters roiled, and keeps the Google/Amazon duopoly from fixing in place. When developers can only focus on two platforms, that means at least Apple has a chance. Back to top Previous : For a Crash Course in STEM, Head to a Maker Faire Can the New iPad Pro Replace My Laptop? Not Quite Next : By Sascha Segan Lead Analyst, Mobile Twitter Email PCMag.com's lead mobile analyst, Sascha Segan, has reviewed hundreds of smartphones, tablets and other gadgets in more than 9 years with PCMag. He's the head of our Fastest Mobile Networks project, one of the hosts of the daily PCMag Live Web show and speaks frequently in mass media on cell-phone-related issues. His commentary has appeared on ABC, the BBC, the CBC, CNBC, CNN, Fox News, and in newspapers from San Antonio, Texas to Edmonton, Alberta. Segan is also a multiple award-winning travel writer, having contributed... More » More Stories by Sascha Digits, T-Mobile's Virtual Numbers, Arrive May 31 Digits will give every T-Mobile subscriber the ability to check their text messages and voice mails ... More » How to Get the Android O Beta The Android O public beta is now available. Here's how to get it on your Pixel or Nexus phone. More » HTC U11 Is Sprint's First Gigabit Phone The HTC U11 will be able to hit gigabit speeds on Sprint, Canadian and Australian carriers. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Navigation Menu Social Media News Social Media News Social Media Help Facebook Help Twitter Help Google+ Help LinkedIn Help Instagram Help Pinterest Help Youtube Help Technology Technology News Tech Tips Apps & Software Gadgets Tablets Apple Kindle Samsung Internet Search Engine News Web Bing Google Yahoo Business Advertising Blogging Development Start Ups Mobile Android Blackberry iPhone Reviews Windows Phone Infographics Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe To Rss Feed Follow Us On Google+ Home » Google launches online educational program to teach kids about safety Google launches online educational program to teach kids about safety Home » Google » Google launches online educational program to teach kids about safety Posted By Ola Ric on Jun 6, 2017 | 0 comments Share the joy                 Credit: https://blog.google/topics/families/be-internet-awesome-helping-kids-make-smart-decisions-online/ With “Be Internet Awesome,” a new online program launched by Google today, the tech giant is aiming to teach kids internet harassment, phishing, and other safety-related issues. “As a parent, I’m constantly talking with my two daughters about how they use the Internet. The way they use it to explore, create and learn inspires me to do my best work at Google, where I lead a team making products that help families and kids have positive experiences online. But for kids to really make the most of the web, we need more than just helpful products: We need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online,” Pavni Diwanji Vice President of Engineering for Kids and Families said in a blog post. The new program, which was developed with help from teachers, YouTube videographers, internet safety and literacy organizations, and resources, includes classroom curriculum and a video game called Interland. According to Google, Be Internet Awesome will focus on topics that are relevant to all ages, despite being a programed designed for kids. Some of its sections include how to limit sharing personal information with people on the internet, how to avoid falling for scam, creating strong passwords, and avoiding negative behavior online. Google has also designed an online pledge that students can sign. Credit: https://blog.google/topics/families/be-internet-awesome-helping-kids-make-smart-decisions-online/ Parents and guardians too are not left out of the program as Google has designed Be Internet Awesome in a way to have them contribute in making kids safety-conscious online. “Families can reinforce important lessons at home by signing the Be Internet Awesome Pledge to stay smart, alert, strong, kind and brave online.” Of course, this couldn’t have been possible without the assistance of some partners that added professional touches to Be Internet Awesome. “We partnered with the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and educators across the country to create a classroom curriculum that brings the five principles of being Internet Awesome to life, at school. To practice being Internet Alert, for example, students can work together to identify whether websites and emails contain signs of a phishing attempt. The lesson plans, activities and worksheets align with the International Society for Technology in Education’s Standards for Students, which educators look toward to define skills for safe and positive action online,” Diwanji said. Google is contributing its own quota towards making the internet safe for everyone—and feels that the best way to go about it is to start with the younger ones. By educating the younger ones and getting them informed of certain risks online, it [Google] is creating awareness. A couple of weeks back, Google Docs suffered a massive phishing attack that affected some of its users. Some users reportedly received suspicious emails from scammers, which came in form of an email attachment. Got something to add to this story? You can share it with us by using the comment box below. Share the joy                 Share this: Reddit Email Facebook Skype Twitter Tumblr Google LinkedIn More Pinterest Author: Ola Ric Ola Ric is a professional tech writer. He has written and provided tons of published articles for professionals and private individuals. He is also a social commentator and analyst, with relevant experience in the use of social media services. Share This Post On Google Facebook Twitter Search SocialBarrel.com Search for: Subscribe! Our Sponsor Create your online store with WixStores! Our Sponsor Recent From Social Media News Facebook’s new tool will help political office holders to reach their constituent Jun 7, 2017 Facebook Instant Articles Is Now Compatible With Apple News and Google AMP Jun 4, 2017 Reddit users will now be able to add location to any mobile post Jun 1, 2017 Twitter rolls out filters to help keep strangers off your DM May 31, 2017 Essential Phone is official and brought by the Android creator May 30, 2017 Advertisement Home About us Our Team Privacy Contact Write for us Advertise With Us! A Venture Geeks project Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login Home Free PC Games Google Google makes games to help teach internet sense, safety and positivity to kids By Philippa Warr on June 6th, 2017 at 4:29 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google has announced Be Internet Awesome; a collaborative project focused around teaching children how to be safe online. There are a bunch of teaching resources for parents and schools but I’m posting about it because the Interland section [official site] is a suite of four colourful games each focusing on a different aspect of safety. As per the Google blog the initiative was developed in collaboration with the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition, ConnectSafely and others. Pavni Diwanji (Google’s VP of engineering for kids and families) notes: “for kids to really make the most of the web, we need more than just helpful products: We need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online. “This is one of the most significant issues that we all face as a new generation grows up with the Internet at their fingertips. It’s critical that the most influential people in our kids’ lives—parents and teachers, especially—help kids learn how to be smart, positive and kind online, just like we teach them to be offline. It’s something we all need to reinforce together.” First and foremost I’m interested in whether the parents among you think these games will be useful to your children. I’ve played all four and I think some felt more able to stand alone than others. The ability to act as standalone games will be more or less important depending on whether you want to use them alongside the other resources Google is offering. But given it’s far more of an investment to read the 48 page PDF which is what the curriculum section is [Be Internet Awesome Curriculum PDF] than go to the browser page it seemed to me like having them all function as fun things which teach by themselves was important. I’ve put my own thoughts below but, as I say, I’m interested in whether parents or other caregivers think differently. I’ll also add that to me it seemed like the curriculum was aiming for a totally different age range than the games. The games seemed like pre-school or very early primary age whereas the curriculum activities (which would theoretically be supported by those games) seemed to be for the top end of the primary age range – maybe even early high school. The first was a river zone which looks at phishing but crossing the river is just answering a quiz. I think the basic info it imparts is obviously useful but from being a kid at one point and knowing kids, you can know the correct answers for an educational game high score but then not apply them at all in real life. It’s things like knowing not to forward chain letters or not clicking on pop-ups offering you free stuff. You know know that in the abstract (and explicitly giving that information is valuable) but it isn’t the same as being in the moment and feeling the pressure to interact. For that one I would have been interested in a game where you maybe have to manage a pretend inbox and where clicking on the faux pop-ups gives you a penalty and the game gradually teaches you more about the ways you know if someone has been hacked. This section was also clearly US-focused in that it mentions what to do if someone asks for your social security number. I assume it’s supposed to be existing in dialogue with the other resources but sometimes that makes it feel like an end-of-chapter test rather than a tool for imparting knowledge in a fun way. I’m specifically thinking of a question where one of the answers involves verifying that an email comes from who you think it does but that can be a pretty complicated thing. The curriculum digs into that in a lot more detail, by the way. The sharing section was really interesting to me because it abstracted the idea into a kind of laser reflection puzzle. You needed to bounce a beam of light to only hit particular targets representing how you only want information to go to some people and not others. I liked how when you were sending a video you had taken of someone without permission it asked you to send it to the bin and not a person because you shouldn’t record people without permission. Other bits had you sharing a picture of an x-ray only with family. It felt like a good balance of an actual puzzle and the info Google and their associates wanted to impart to me but I’m well above the target audience. There was also a simple platformer where you collected hearts and then distributed them as compliments to fellow Internauts (for thus the game’s inhabitants are named). Big yellow bears acted as cyberbullies and would need to be reported or trapped. This felt more like a basic “don’t be a jerk” theme I’ve seen in a lot of games aimed at young children, although the idea of reporting a bully to get them removed from the gamespace felt effective. Again, I’m not sure how it would translate to real life because it would depend on the accessibilty and effectiveness of the moderation where you happened to be hanging out online. As an example, Twitter is a place where it can be incredibly difficult to get any real resolution to cyberbullying. The remaining game is a simple collection game where you pick up cubes with lower case, upper case and symbol characters in order to create a secure password. This one felt nothingy to me because it was more like a vague tutorial than actually putting any knowledge into practice. The passwords I generated using the system would perhaps have kept the enemy hacker character at bay (and hackers in real life) but I tried to memorise the password myself to see if it was useful for real life and… four minutes later it’s gone. Obviously the part about using a mixture of characters is the important part, but I’m concerned that you might leave the game thinking “well, that’s the theory but I guess I’d need to write it down to use it a second time so maybe I’ll stick with something else”. There are also a bunch of theories about online passwords and how we manage the balance between memorable and safe (or rely on some other system which we need to evaluate for safety). Perhaps that’s overthinking it. But lest it sound like I’m being dismissive of the Be Internet Awesome project as a whole, I downloaded and read the curriculum PDF. I’ve been pointing out that it augments and improves upon the browser games but there are some cool activities beyond the Interland games tucked away in there. The one which just caught my eye is where you give kids a selection of online activity from various characters and see what they can deduce from those snippets about that person. There’s a detective game element but it would underline the point that you can give away a lot of information without meaning to if you aren’t careful. It includes things like status updates, browser history, checking in at locations, pictures from events and more which could be used to find you or figure out how you might be vulnerable. An extension of that activity encourages kids to look at the information and see what other types of people might think based on that info. What would an employer assume? What would your family think? What would the police find out? What would an advertiser get? How about you in ten years? Another activity in that section is about evaluating the information you have and whether you a) have the right to share it in the first place and b) if you do whether it’s in the appropriate place. To me it feels like the curriculum document is the far stronger piece which is perhaps to be expected. It’s great on one level because it offers a bunch of different ways of approaching important topics but I’m a little disappointed that the games can’t seem to do more of the heavy lifting, simply because downloading and reading a 48 page PDF is less immediately engaging than playing browser games. Anyhoodle. Enough from me. What do you think? Good? Bad? Weird age discrepancy? Sudden strange need to throw letter blocks on the floor as a means of password generation? Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 10 Comments 06/06/2017 at 17:51 Eightball says: Thanks corporate overlords! Thorporate overlords. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 18:34 Kefren says: Ironic when Google are one of the companies that makes online privacy a nightmare to maintain. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 19:28 skeletortoise says: In order to help Google teach you about internet safety please provide us with your current location, financial information, and partial rights to your soul. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 22:11 Marclev says: Comments above seem rather cynical. This seem like *a good thing* to me. I looked at the site, and as far as teaching kids about internet safety, playing a games has got to be more effective than lecturing them, so good on Google for doing this in my opinion. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 22:58 Someoldguy says: I’d be interested to know what age range and technical knowledge level this is aimed at. I wouldn’t equate setting up a sensible password with the age where you’re managing your own emails and video sharing. Maybe this is a toolset you dip into at need? I know from personal experience that most kids in our school are using the computer from a very young age. The BBC even has CBeebies games for the 3-5s. Having graduated to games that need accounts (like Roblox) I did try and teach my kid the value of having a secure password and not sharing it. Can’t have done it too well because it wasn’t too long before he’d given it away to another player offering him free Robux. Fortunately their security meant I could recover the account pretty quickly, but it taught him about password security far more effectively than all my gentle nagging. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 00:03 haldolium says: The game itself seems as detached to reality as many other educational ideas are, the PDF does do a lot more. For instance addressing the parents at the very start. I’ve played the game a bit and the target demographic clearly is very young, too young to actually grasp the meaning. Older children are most def. more interested in actual games, or are already deep into CS, CoD or GTA and would laugh off about this in their favorite subreddit or whatever kids use these days (ICQ still a thing?) The irony of this being a Google endeavor aside, this may should’ve been a game targeting at PARENTS who don’t know shit about the internet instead of kids, who grew up, make mistakes, and then maybe learn from it. Or being educated by their smarphone-moms who all the sudden got a game made by Google that educated them how all their facebook baby pics, candy crush spendings, trump re-tweeting and hatespeech postings are actually bad. Media literacy needs to be a mandatory subject of raising kids today, there is no way around that. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 05:40 dethtoll says: Safety and positivity? Sounds like a commie safe space for libcuck sno– okay no I can’t do that with a straight face today. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 06:03 death_au says: Games have the general idea down, but… I don’t know. I think they were a bit too boring and/or heavy handed. The blocking/reporting/spread positive vibes platformer was a decent enough idea. The abstraction of sharing into a light puzzle was a neat idea, but I feel like part of the puzzle should have been who you share the posts to, rather than telling you from the start. The password runner was just boring; I kept tripping over the corners of rocks and losing progress and it’s basically a password generator on its own and doesn’t encourage you to participate in creating your own passwords. And the phishing river quiz? No kid is going to care about that. Too boring. Plus it seems a bit self serving of Google to suggest that a site is probably trustworthy because it ranks highly in search results… In any case, I think the games are a neat idea but they need work. The Phishing one in particular I think could be replaced entirely with a Papers, Please style accept or reject based on how trustworthy the email looks with increasingly legit looking spam. The password generation one needs a rethink, too. I feel like there needs to be something where a ‘hacker’ character is attempting to brute force a bunch of accounts (treasure chests) which you have to lock with passwords. Too simple and the chests get unlocked quickly, and you can change a password to reset a hacker’s progress. Perhaps you could also include ‘phishing’ chests which take the password you enter and if your other passwords are too similar it unlocks those chests. Just spitballing here. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 12:11 RaoulDuke says: I’m not 100% sure what “oversharers” means, but I think that it could exclude autistic kids by accident which would be a shame. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 00:45 jorjordandan says: I played through them all, and I thought it was great. My 5 year old could do the games pretty easily, other than the reading heavy river one. Fortunately, she has no account that could be phished. But you can’t really make this type of educational game even the least bit frustrating, or you will alienate someone. I think most non-gamers appreciate easy games – the little dopamine hits of success might even get them to try some other games. I think that the points were well made, and well adapted to game form. The lasers reflecting game really emphasized the fact that you need to think before you post about who that post will reach. I thought that was smart. I think there are LOTS of adults who would benefit from playing through these – even if they are not super fun, it’s a great tool to get you to think about this stuff for a few minutes. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags Google, Interland, Online safety. Search for clues News and things Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November Suck on this PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements We'll take 'em Super Meat Boy co-creator announces The End Is Nigh And in the game Be a struggling artist in painting sim Passpartout Struggle baguettes genuis And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Caveblazers is an interesting contrast to Spelunky I love it despite frustrations Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber poliovaccine : “*I* hadnt forgotten about this! This is what I'm hoping upon hope will be a ...” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November PiiSmith : “I am not sure if it encourages "camping" more than the other game mechanics do. ...” on PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements JakeOfRavenclaw : “I actually dug Remember Me quite a bit and have been hoping Dontnod would take ...” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November PiiSmith : “But do they match make with other players of your skill or just try to ...” on PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements poliovaccine : “From what I understand, it's exactly both.” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise Help me, I can't stop playing Flow Free Anything but free Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. What the Cyberpunk 2020 RPG can tell us about Cyberpunk 2077 What would Saint William Gibson do? Paradox on the future of historical strategy, RPGs and their internal development studio "The next Crusader Kings could be an RPG" The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island The Joy Of Arkham Asylum's broken Batman Batbeards and Batbruises Have You Played… Assassin’s Creed? "You killed me? Let's talk" The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Steam Charts: A New Dawn Plop-pickers The Sunday Papers Read more How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5550 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.737% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Mobile Image Source: Eric Risberg/AP/REX/Shutterstock Google finally fixed a terrible bug that was causing the Pixel to freeze Jacob Siegal @JacobSiegal June 6th, 2017 at 5:57 PM Share Tweet Although the Galaxy S8 has dominated headlines over the past several months, the Pixel remains one of the most interesting Android phones on the market. As the first phone designed by Google, the Pixel has received a great deal of attention since its launch last October. Unfortunately, not all of that attention was for the right reasons, as the Pixel has hit several snags along the way. Don't Miss: iOS 11 is hiding two game-changing new iPhone features For example, late last year, a growing contingent of Google Pixel users began reporting that they were running into bugs and issues on an alarmingly frequent basis. Some users were claiming that certain features on their Pixels weren’t working, while others said the phone would randomly freeze up. Thankfully, a fix is rolling out this month that should finally address the freezing bug. Android Police shared the following quote from a Pixel Community Manager on the Google Product Forums: There is a fix included in the June security update that should address many of the freezing issues that have been reported. The update is starting to roll out via OTA today and will continue to roll out over the coming weeks. Freezing and general device performance issues can be caused my many different things, so please continue to update this post with your individual experiences after accepting the June security OTA. The new builds are rolling out to a variety of Google devices (Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P) in the coming days, but if you can’t wait that long, the factory images and OTA images are already available online. As Android Police notes, you’ll need an unlocked bootloader to update with the factory images, but anyone can use the OTAs. Here’s hoping that this will be a permanent fix. Tags: google, pixel View Comments Trending 1 Deals Amazon’s 20 top daily deals: Sonos speakers, Ring Video Doorbell, mesh Wi-Fi, Alexa plug, more 2 Politics Watch live streaming video of James Comey’s testimony before Congress right here 3 Tech One of the hottest iOS 11 features will force you to buy a new iPhone 4 Tech There’s good and bad news about one of Apple’s most exciting MacBook announcements 5 Deals This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch Picked For You The new iPhone 7s won’t have one of the iPhone 8’s best new features By Chris Smith 2 days ago iOS 11 is hiding two game-changing new iPhone features By Zach Epstein 2 days ago How to install iOS 11 beta 1 without a developer account or even a computer By Chris Smith 2 days ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video US intelligence chiefs decline to discuss Trump contacts Santa Clara company's stolen goods lead straight to suspects, Suspect IDd in fatal East Bay stabbing stemming from brawl on bus Gas station clerk shot in San Leandro during holdup News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA The Latest: Trump lawyer to watch Comey from White House Kevin Spacey tight-lipped about his plans as host of Tonys Former first lady Barbara Bush celebrates 92nd birthday UN Syria envoy visits Russia at 'delicate' time Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Durant takes over Game 3 finale, makes shots that seal Cavs’ Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Giants waste Posey homer in rare Blach defeat Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Chariot expands in S.F. and eyes Seattle, London, Toronto SFO says it’s investigating claims airport workers were 5 big tech stocks build market euphoria, and jitters High, pizza; virtually better libraries; App Store ratings shift A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Band Aid’ an insightful comedy about a strained marriage The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Wendy Whelan truly a fascinating ‘Creature’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Oakland named a top city for vegans Bay Brews: AB InBev invests in RateBeer, Good Hop turns 3, and Blue Bottle to expand coffee empire on East Coast Peek behind the scenes of one of America's best beer fests, the Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Boy fell in love with BART after surviving brain surgery. Transit Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog SF rents down again year-over-year. Here’s what your money Adorable Glen Park cottage with white picket fence asks $1.295 Midcentury home in Oakland country setting Custom mid-century in Atherton seems to float over redwood Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Google-in-talks-to-build-vast-office-in-San-Jose-11200521.php Google in talks to build vast office in San Jose By Wendy Lee Updated 4:58 pm, Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Image 1of/11 Caption Close Image 1 of 11 The Google logo is seen at the company's headquarters last year in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. The Google logo is seen at the company's headquarters last year in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Image 2 of 11 Buy photo FILE-- San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo addresses the crowd at Samsung's opening ceremonies of a new 1.1 million square foot research and development, sales and marketing center on Thursday, Sept. 24, 2015 in San Jose. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. less FILE-- San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo addresses the crowd at Samsung's opening ceremonies of a new 1.1 million square foot research and development, sales and marketing center on Thursday, Sept. 24, 2015 in San ... more Photo: Nathaniel Y. Downes, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 3 of 11 FILE-- Google’s Mountain View headquarters draw visitors who pose for photos. The company’s disappointing quarterly profit prompted investors to sell the stock. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. less FILE-- Google’s Mountain View headquarters draw visitors who pose for photos. The company’s disappointing quarterly profit prompted investors to sell the stock. Google is considering opening an enormous new ... more Photo: Leah Millis / The Chronicle Image 4 of 11 FILE-- The Google logo is displayed outside Google headquarters in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. FILE-- The Google logo is displayed outside Google headquarters in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. Image 5 of 11 FILE-- The Google headquarters in Mountain View, as seen in a Google Earth view, has large lawns and trees dotting the areas among sprawling buildings. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. less FILE-- The Google headquarters in Mountain View, as seen in a Google Earth view, has large lawns and trees dotting the areas among sprawling buildings. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in ... more Photo: Google Image 6 of 11 FILE--  Google bicycles are seen parked outside of Google headquarters on January 30, 2014 in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. less FILE--  Google bicycles are seen parked outside of Google headquarters on January 30, 2014 in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of ... more Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 7 of 11 FILE-- A bicyclist rides by a Google self-driving car at the Google headquarters on September 25, 2012 in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. less FILE-- A bicyclist rides by a Google self-driving car at the Google headquarters on September 25, 2012 in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing ... more Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images Image 8 of 11 Buy photo FILE-- San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo speaks to members of the media after meeting President Barack Obama when he landed at Moffett Federal Airfield in Mountain View, California, on Wednesday, Feb. 10, 2016. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. less FILE-- San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo speaks to members of the media after meeting President Barack Obama when he landed at Moffett Federal Airfield in Mountain View, California, on Wednesday, Feb. 10, 2016. ... more Photo: Connor Radnovich, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 9 of 11 Buy photo FILE-- People ride Google bikes and walk through Google's Mountain View headquarters Dec. 4, 2014 in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. less FILE-- People ride Google bikes and walk through Google's Mountain View headquarters Dec. 4, 2014 in Mountain View. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing ... more Photo: Leah Millis, The Chronicle Buy this photo Image 10 of 11 FILE - This Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, file photo shows Google's headquarters in Mountain View. Google confirmed a USA Today report on Jan. 29, 2017, that said the company has created a crisis fund that could raise $4 million potentially for four immigrant rights organizations. Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. less FILE - This Thursday, Jan. 3, 2013, file photo shows Google's headquarters in Mountain View. Google confirmed a USA Today report on Jan. 29, 2017, that said the company has created a crisis fund that could ... more Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press Image 11 of 11 Google in talks to build vast office in San Jose 1 / 11 Back to Gallery Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. The Mountain View company is in early-stage discussions with San Jose officials about building more than 6 million square feet of office, research and development, retail and amenity space. The property could bring 15,000 to 20,000 jobs, most of them coming from Google, said Nanci Klein, San Jose’s assistant director of economic development. “San Jose has been growing,” Klein said. “We have a commitment to housing they find attractive. It is a great opportunity for Google and certainly San Jose.” If the complex gets built and Google accounts for most of the jobs there, it could be a huge addition for the fast-growing search giant. Google has about 20,000 employees in the Bay Area, the bulk of them in Mountain View. Google has released designs for its new sprawling London headquarters. The design includes a new 11-story, 1 million square-foot building near King's Cross railway station. The all-star design team includes Thomas Heatherwick, the British designer behind London's 2012 Olympic cauldron, and Danish architect Bjarke Ingels. The facilities will include a cafe, gym and pool as well as a rooftop track and ground-floor retail spaces, according to the company's application for permission to build. Media: WochIt Media In its scramble for space, Google is building another campus in Mountain View that will house 2,400 to 2,700 workers and give members of the public access to the shops and restaurants on the property when it opens in 2019. Google said no decisions have been made on the number of employees at the San Jose site, and that it is too early to discuss the project’s funding. Klein, however, said the development project would be funded by Google. Google said it is also possible that some of the jobs on the San Jose property could come from other divisions in its parent company, Alphabet. Klein said Google was drawn to San Jose because it has good public transit and many of the company’s employees already live in the South Bay, particularly in San Jose. The discussed development would be near Diridon Station, which serves Caltrain and Amtrak. Photo: Screen Grab Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose, potentially bringing thousands of jobs there. The discussed development would be located near Diridon Station.  Google is considering opening an enormous new office in San Jose,... “As those employees are suffering through gridlock traffic every morning and evening, companies are increasingly recognizing the value of locating closer to where their employees live and particularly closer to transit,” said San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo. Liccardo said the city will work to wrap up negotiations over the parcels of land involved in the development within months. The parcels are owned by San Jose and the Successor Agency to the Redevelopment Agency. Latest business videos Wendy Lee is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: wlee@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @thewendylee Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS SF rents down again year-over-year Ghost Ship convictions might be a tall order Uber CEO has started meditating in Uber's lactation room Phil Collins hospitalized after hotel room fall Santa Clara firm's stolen goods lead straight to suspects Oregon's shameful history as an 'all-white' state Fox News host tears into Trump: You're the problem Gianforte apologizes to reporter for assault before election Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead Durant takes over Game 3 finale Did LeBron and Cavs violate concussion protocol? Draymond: Cleveland loves to hate him Thompson and Love went 'dancing' memes Historic photos of climbers on Mount Rainier Half Dome cables are up, trail already busy Oakland named a top city for vegans Oakland zoo unveils $13M restaurant and gondolas Sign of changing Mission: dim future for bar’s neon beacon New building for nonprofits OKd in Mission TODAY'S TOP PICKS Rich Parents of Instagram flaunt over-the-top lifestyles Humpback whales return to NYC for first time in a century The fastest selling cars in 2016 Most Popular 1 Warriors stun Cavaliers to seize 3-0 Finals lead 2 S.F. Zoo visitor saw 2 victims of tiger attack teasing lions 3 Nevertheless, Kamala Harris Persisted: Senator Told to Pipe... 4 Horoscope for Thursday, 6/08/17 by Christopher Renstrom 5 Did LeBron and the Cavs violate the NBA's concussion protocol? 6 Fox News host tears into Trump: News media is not your problem... 7 Klay Thompson and Kevin Love went 'dancing' during Game 3 and... 8 When Portland banned blacks: Oregon's shameful history as an... 9 Draymond Green: The man Cleveland loves to hate returns 10 Teens invent straw that detects date rape drugs, win business... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 10 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / Digital Life / Apple HomePod Smartens Music Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Apple Thinks Its Smart HomePod Will 'Reinvent' Home Audio By Michael Liedtke and Barbara Ortutay PUBLISHED: JUNE 06 2017 Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers -- the latest test of the iPhone maker's ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple's technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. No Place Like HomePod The "HomePod" speaker unveiled at Apple's annual [WWDC] developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple's iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple's own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod's owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. "It will reinvent home audio," boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. Apple vs. the Dry Spell The HomePod is Apple's first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn't been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company's ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs' last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad - all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company "can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others," said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive" way that's less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it's also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple's assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) "This is the start of the AI wars," he said. Macs, Phones and Payments Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality "experiences," although the company didn't announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple's web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It's part of Apple's effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. New features coming to iPhones and iPads, meanwhile, include marginal improvements such as syncing messages to Apple servers in the cloud, saving storage space on phones and tablets. Apple also laid some groundwork for augmented reality, the projection of digital features onto real-world surroundings, by giving app developers tools for incorporating AR into their products. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Product shot by Apple. Read more on: Apple, WWDC, HomePod, Speakers, Alexa, Amazon Echo, Digital Assistant, Google Home Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. SMBs Find Vets Dedicated, Capable 3. WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About 4. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 5. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20 MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE 1. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20 2. HP Delivers New Omen Gaming PCs 3. Android Update Fixes Pixel Freezing 4. Net Neutrality: Day of Action Planned 5. Amazon Offers More Prime Discounts NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 10 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Apple/Mac / Apple HomePod Smartens Music Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Apple Thinks Its Smart HomePod Will 'Reinvent' Home Audio By Michael Liedtke and Barbara Ortutay PUBLISHED: JUNE 06 2017 Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers -- the latest test of the iPhone maker's ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple's technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. No Place Like HomePod The "HomePod" speaker unveiled at Apple's annual [WWDC] developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple's iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple's own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod's owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. "It will reinvent home audio," boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. Apple vs. the Dry Spell The HomePod is Apple's first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn't been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company's ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs' last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad - all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company "can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others," said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive" way that's less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it's also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon's Alexa, Google's Assistant and Microsoft's Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple's assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) "This is the start of the AI wars," he said. Macs, Phones and Payments Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality "experiences," although the company didn't announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple's web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It's part of Apple's effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. New features coming to iPhones and iPads, meanwhile, include marginal improvements such as syncing messages to Apple servers in the cloud, saving storage space on phones and tablets. Apple also laid some groundwork for augmented reality, the projection of digital features onto real-world surroundings, by giving app developers tools for incorporating AR into their products. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Product shot by Apple. Read more on: Apple, WWDC, HomePod, Speakers, Alexa, Amazon Echo, Digital Assistant, Google Home Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 3. Uber Moves To Repair Tainted Image 4. IBM Unveils 5-Nanometer Chip 5. Shockingly Hot Planet Discovered MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN APPLE/MAC 1. WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About 2. New iMac Pro Workstation Debuts 3. iOS 11 Hopes To Reinvent the iPad 4. Apple HomePod Smartens Music 5. Apple Intros Device Upgrades, iOS 11 SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Tech Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Apple's Siri aims to be in tune with your home arrangements Apple unveiled the HomePod at its Worldwide Developer Conference on Monday. With Apple's virtual voice assistant Siri built into it, the HomePod will compete with voice-activated speakers like the Amazon Echo and Google Home.ST PHOTO: TREVOR TAN PublishedJun 7, 2017, 5:00 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4LVJ Copy Trevor Tan In San Jose Apple unveiled the HomePod, a Siri-enabled speaker, at the start of its annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC), a move seen as a challenge to Amazon and Google in the smart home space. Monday's launch was also unusual by Apple standards. The Cupertino tech giant's WWDC is traditionally more focused on its software. As expected, Apple also unveiled new operating systems for its iPhone, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV products. But this year, Apple took the opportunity to announce not just a smart speaker, but also a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, a professional-centric iMac Pro all-in-one desktop computer, as well as updated versions of the iMac and MacBook Pro computers. However, the star of the event was the HomePod. With Apple's virtual voice assistant Siri built into it, this smart speaker for homes is in direct competition with voice-activated speakers such as the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up "Just like with portable music, we want to reinvent home music," said Apple chief executive officer Tim Cook of the HomePod, which can link up to digital tunes from Apple Music, a subscription music streaming service. Like the Echo and Home, Apple's HomePod not only plays music with a voice command, but can also answer users' questions and provide information like news, weather updates and sports scores. And, like the other smart speakers, the HomePod can link up with smart devices in the home, such as connected light bulbs, so a user can control them with a spoken command, like switching them on or off. More than 35 million people in the United States are predicted to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, according to research firm eMarketer. Mr Frank Gillett, principal analyst at research firm Forrester Research, said: "Home speaker devices have become an important host for virtual assistants like Siri. If Apple had not done this, its customers would embrace Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant." Alexa and Assistant are the digital voice assistants of Amazon and Google, respectively. At around 17.8cm tall, the HomePod is wrapped in a mesh fabric and comes in white and grey. The speaker is powered by an A8 chip - the same chip found in the iPhone 6 - and lets the device learn its position in a room and optimise itself to deliver an immersive music listening experience, according to Apple. "It is the biggest brain inside a speaker," Apple's marketing honcho Phil Schiller said in the WWDC keynote address. The HomePod has seven beam forming tweeters and an upward- facing 10.2cm woofer for improved audio output, said Apple. But at US$349 (S$480) in the US, the HomePod is nearly twice as expensive as the Echo (US$179.99) and three times the price of the Google Home (US$109). While the HomePod's price point, compared with the competition, is a "steep barrier", Mr Gillett noted that Apple has put a much more robust processor in the device. "They seem to be using it to drive superior user experience, sound quality and privacy," he said. Both the Echo and Home are not available in Singapore, and the HomePod will not be coming to the Republic any time soon as well. The HomePod will be available only from December starting in the US, Britain and Australia, before reaching the rest of the world next year. A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on June 07, 2017, with the headline 'Apple's Siri aims to be in tune with your home arrangements'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  APPLE SMART HOME HOMEPOD More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LVJ Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content starhub_a126125_2017june05_strosnative.jpg French Open…here’s what you never knew vitagen_a126212_2017jun05_300x200_st_native.jpg IBS: What you need to know and how to seek help eyemo_a125690_2017jun05_300x200_stnative.jpg Household brand Eye Mo is back on shelves Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Comparison: All of the Android Wear devices announced or released in 2017 so far Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/04 7:45am PDTMay 4, 2017 54 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares154 Android Wear Editorials News Videos Article Contents 1 At a glance 2 The watches 2.0.1 LG Watch Sport 2.0.2 LG Watch Style 2.0.3 Casio Pro Trek WSD-F20 2.0.4 New Balance RunIQ 2.0.5 Huawei Watch 2 2.0.6 Huawei Watch 2 Classic 2.0.7 TAG Heuer Connected Modular 45 2.0.8 Montblanc Summit 2.0.9 GUESS Connect (2017) 2.0.10 Michael Kors Access Grayson/Sofie 2.0.11 Misfit Vapor 2.0.12 Diesel On 2.0.13 Fossil Q Venture/Q Explorist 2.0.14 Movado Connect 2.0.15 Hugo Boss Touch 2.0.16 Tommy Hilfiger TH24/7You 2.0.17 ZTE Quartz 2.0.18 Verizon Wear24 3 Conclusion Android Wear started off, as many Google products do, as something closer to a proof-of-concept than a finished product. The first watches had problems, the software was unfinished, and tech companies were the only ones producing them. Now that Android Wear is becoming a more mature platform, mostly thanks to the long-awaited 2.0 update, we're starting to see more watches than ever hit the market. It was fairly easy to compare Android Wear watches in years past - only a handful of tech companies even bothered. But now, a vast amount of wearables are being released, with most of them by actual watch companies. So how do they all stack up? You may notice some missing information below, especially from Fossil. We tried multiple times to reach out to Fossil for information on its upcoming watches, but we didn't receive a response. At a glance We've compiled a massive table comparing every watch. You can also look at it on Google Docs. Company Watch Processor Screen size Resolution Battery Screen shape Water resistance Speaker Wi-Fi NFC LTE GPS Heart sensor Release date Price range LG LG Watch Sport Wear 2100 1.38" 480x480 430mAh Circle IP68 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Available now $349 LG LG Watch Style Wear 2100 1.2" 360x360 240mAh Circle IP67 Yes Yes No No No No Available now $249 Casio Wear 2100 1.32" 320x300 Flat tire 50 meters Yes Yes No No Yes No Available now $500 New Balance RunIQ Atom Z34XX 1.39" 400x400 410mAh Circle 5 ATM No Yes No No Yes Yes Available now $299.00 Huawei Watch 2 Wear 2100 1.2" 390x390 420mAh Circle IP67 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Available now $299 Huawei Watch 2 Classic Wear 2100 1.2" 390x390 420mAh Circle IP67 Yes Yes Yes No Yes Yes Available now $369 TAG Heuer Connected Modular 45 Atom Z34XX 1.39" 400x400 410mAh Circle 50 meters Yes Yes Yes No Yes No Available now $1,650 Montblanc Summit Wear 2100 1.39" 400x400 300mAh Circle IP68 No Yes No No No Yes $890+ GUESS Connect (2017) Wear 2100 Circle No No No No Fall/Winter 2017 $300+ Michael Kors Access Sofie Wear 2100 Circle Yes $350+ Michael Kors Access Grayson Wear 2100 Circle Yes $350+ Misfit Vapor Wear 2100 1.39" Circle 50 meters Yes No No Yes Yes Late Summer 2017 $199 Diesel On Wear 2100 Circle Holiday 2017 $325+ Fossil Q Venture Wear 2100 Flat tire Fall 2017 $255+ Fossil Q Explorist Wear 2100 Flat tire Fall 2017 $255+ Movado Connect Wear 2100 1.46" 400x400 300mAh Circle 30 minutes in 1.5m No Yes Yes No No No Fall 2017 $495+ Hugo Boss Touch Wear 2100 1.46" 400x400 300mAh Circle 30 minutes in 1.5m No Yes Yes No No No Fall 2017 $395 Tommy Hilfiger TH24/7You Wear 2100 1.4" 400x400 300mAh Circle 30 minutes in 1.5m No Yes No No No No Fall 2017 $299 ZTE Quartz Wear 2100 1.4" 400x400 500mAh Circle IP67 Yes Yes No 3G only Yes No Available now $192 Verizon Wear24 Wear 2100 1.39" 480x480 450mAh Circle IP67 Yes Yes No Android Pay Yes Yes No Available now $349 ($300 on contract) The watches LG Watch Sport The Watch Sport was one of the two Android 2.0 launch devices, developed by LG in collaboration with Google. It's definitely one of the most feature-packed watches on the market, supporting every feature the OS does. It works with Wi-Fi, LTE, NFC, and GPS - and includes a heart rate sensor and a speaker. As far as specifications go, it has a Snapdragon Wear 2100 CPU, a 480x480 1.38" circular display, IP68 water resistance, and a 430mAh battery. Unfortunately, battery life isn't fantastic, especially if you need to use LTE often. Be sure to check out our full review for more details, and you can buy it now from various retailers for $349. LG Watch Style Just like the Watch Sport, this was developed by LG and Google as an Android Wear 2.0 launch device. The Style is much thinner than the Sport, but at the cost of features and battery life. It lacks NFC, LTE, GPS, and a heart rate sensor. The battery capacity is just 240mAh, which should only get you through a day of use (if that). The Style has a Wear 2100 processor, a round 1.2" 360x360 display, and IP67 water resistance. You can find our full review here, and if you want to buy one for yourself, it will cost you $249. Casio Pro Trek WSD-F20 If you need a super rugged Android Wear device, the WSD-F20 may be for you. Casio announced the watch back in January, and it just recently went on sale for a whopping $500. For that price, you're getting a speaker, Wi-Fi and GPS connectivity, and a 1.32" 320x300 display. However, the WSD-F20 is missing quite a few important features. It doesn't have a heart rate sensor, NFC, or LTE. Also, it is one of the few 2017 Android Wear watches with a flat tire display. New Balance RunIQ New Balance released its first Android Wear watch earlier this year, the RunIQ. As you might guess, the RunIQ is primarily designed for workouts. It's powered by an Intel Atom Z34XX processor and includes Wi-Fi and GPS connectivity, a 1.39" 400x400 circular display, a 410mAh battery, and 5ATM water resistance. Unfortunately, the RunIQ lacks NFC for Android Pay, as well as LTE connectivity and a speaker. It's currently priced at $299. Huawei Watch 2 Why, Huawei? You were the chosen one! After the original Huawei Watch ended up being one of the best Android Wear devices on the market, many were excited for a newer model. Unfortunately, what Huawei provided was subjectively worse than the original - you can find our full review here. If you're still interested, the Huawei Watch 2 has a 1.2" 390x390 circular display, a 420mAh battery, IP67 water resistance, and all the connectivity and sensors you could want (including LTE). It's currently on sale for around $299, depending on the retailer. Huawei Watch 2 Classic The 'Classic' variant of the Huawei Watch 2 is probably closer to what most people were hoping for. It has almost exactly the same specifications as the normal Watch 2 - a Wear 2100 CPU, 1.2" 390x390 display, 420mAh battery, IP67 water resistance. However, it lacks the Wear 2's LTE support. The Watch 2 Classic is also $70 more expensive than the normal model, and shares many of its faults - small screen, no digital crown, etc. It's currently priced at $369 at most retailers. TAG Heuer Connected Modular 45 The award for the longest smartwatch name goes to the TAG Heuer Connected Modular 45. This watch has an Intel Atom Z34XX processor (the same one the Casio watch uses), 1.39" 400x400 circular display, 410mAh battery, and speaker. As far as connectivity and sensors, it has Wi-Fi, GPS, and NFC for Android Pay. It does not have a heart rate sensor or LTE. The Connected Modular 45 also wins the award for most expensive smartwatch on this list - you'll be shelling out $1,650 for the privilege of owning one. Montblanc Summit Similar to the TAG Huer, the Montblanc Summit is another luxury smartwatch. It has a Snapdragon Wear 2100 CPU, 1.39" 400x400 circular display, heart rate sensor, 300mAh battery, and IP68 water resistance. Unfortunately, the Summit is a bit light on functionality. It doesn't have NFC, LTE, GPS, or a speaker. Whether or not that matters is up to you, but I expect the $890 starting price will drive most normal people away. GUESS Connect (2017) GUESS has made hybrid smartwatches with dot-matrix displays in the past, but this year, the company released a proper Android Wear watch. It's available in two sizes - a 41mm for women (left) and a 44mm for men (right). The GUESS Connect has a Snapdragon Wear 2100 processor but lacks NFC, LTE, GPS, and a heart rate sensor. The watch is expected to be released in Fall or Winter 2017 and will start at $300. Michael Kors Access Grayson/Sofie Michael Kors announced two very similar Android Wear watches earlier this year, the Access Grayson (left) and Access Sofie (right). The Grayson looks more like a traditional men's watch, with an AMOLED display and a digital crown. It will be available in gold, stainless steel, and blue/black. The Sofie is primarily targeted at women, with a thinner case and a lighter feel than the Grayson. It has the same AMOLED display, but sadly lacks a digital crown. It will have eight plating/bracelet combinations and seven interchangeable strap options. Both watches have a Snapdragon Wear 2100 processor and will start at $350. Misfit Vapor There are plenty of expensive products on this list, but if you're looking for a good value smartwatch, the Misfit Vapor might be the best choice. It's the second-cheapest Android Wear device on this list, at just $199, but it has a Wear 2100 processor, a 1.39" circular display, water resistance up to 50 meters, Wi-Fi, GPS, and a heart rate sensor. However, I was unable to find confirmation that the Vapor included a speaker. Design-wise, the Misfit Vapor is definitely one of my favorites. It has a similar design to the Moto 360, but with a small bezel surrounding the screen instead of the 360's flat tire. It will launch in "Late Summer 2017." Diesel On Diesel's first Android Wear watch, the Diesel On, was announced earlier this year at Baselworld 2017. Hardly any useful information about it has been revealed, besides the fact that it uses a Snapdragon Wear 2100 processor and will have "hundreds of customization options." It looks like it has a digital crown, but we can't be sure. The watch will be available in "Holiday 2017," and will start at $350. Fossil Q Venture/Q Explorist Fossil's first Android Wear watch was released back in 2015, and the company followed up on it with two more in 2016. This year, Fossil is releasing the Q Venture and Q Explorist. Details on these are also incredibly sparse, but we do know both watches will have a Snapdragon Wear 2100 CPU and will be released in the Fall. It seems very likely that both watches have a flat tire display, as companies often try to use black watch faces in promotional material (such as the above image) to hide it. In fact, adjusting the brightness and contrast on the above image does reveal a flat tire. Movado Connect Movado's first Android Wear device, the Movado Connect, definitely looks sleek. It has an edge-to-edge 1.46" 400x400 circular display, a 300mAh battery, Wi-Fi connectivity, and NFC for Android Pay. However, it is worth noting that the Connect lacks a speaker, LTE, GPS, and a heart rate sensor. The watch will be available in Fall 2017, starting at $495. Hugo Boss Touch Another sleek Android Wear watch announced this year is the Hugo Boss Touch, priced at $395. The specifications are identical to the Movado Connect - Wear 2100 CPU, 300mAh battery, 1.46" 400x400 circular display, and Wi-Fi/NFC connectivity. Just like the Connect, it's missing a speaker, LTE, GPS, and a heart rate sensor. You'll be able to buy it this Fall. Tommy Hilfiger TH24/7You This watch wins the award for the worst smartwatch name, but it seems to be pretty good at everything else. It has a Wear 2100 processor, a 1.4" circular 400x400 display, and a 300mAh battery. The watch does have Wi-Fi support, but lacks a speaker, LTE, NFC, GPS, and a heart rate sensor. You'll be able to buy the TH24/7You in the Fall for $299 - making it one of the more competitively-priced options on this list. ZTE Quartz At $192, the ZTE Quartz is the least expensive watch on this list, barely beating out the Misfit Vapor. Currently exclusive to T-Mobile, the Quartz has a Wear 2100 CPU, 1.4" 400x400 circular display, and IP67 water resistance. It supports Wi-Fi, 3G, and GPS connectivity, but no NFC. There's also no heart rate sensor on the Quartz, but it does have the largest battery of any watch on this list at 500mAh. The carrier exclusivity is a bit of a bummer, but maybe we'll see an unlocked model show up in the future. Verizon Wear24 Verizon surprised everyone when it announced an LTE-capable Android Wear watch alongside the LG Watch Sport, undercutting the latter device in the process. The Wear24 has all the features of the Watch Sport, except Android Pay and a heart rate sensor. It does have an NFC chip, but it is not compatible with Android Pay. You can currently buy the Wear24 from Verizon for $349 outright or $300 on a two-year contract. Conclusion We're starting to see more and more actual watch companies invest in Android Wear, which I see as a good thing for the platform. Up until now, Android Wear has largely only been used by tech enthusiasts. I've seen plenty of people with Apple Watches (not as many as Apple would like, but still), but hardly anyone with Android Wear devices. Android Wear 2.0 in general is a bit of a mixed bag. While I personally don't mind the changes as much, others are much less happy about it, and for valid reasons. We'll have to see where the platform goes in the coming months (and years), but there is no shortage of watches to choose from. Tags access grayson access sofie android wear Casio casio wsd-f20 connect connected modular 45 diesel diesel on early 2017 fossil fossil q explorist fossil q venture grayson guess connect huawei huawei watch 2 hugo boss hugo boss touch lg watch sport lg watch style michael kors michael kors access michael kors access grayson michael kors access sofie misfit Misfit Vapor montblanc montblanc summit movado movado connect movado group new balance runiq q explorist q venture RunIQ smartwatch smartwatches sofie summit tag heuer tag heuer connected modular 45 TH24/7You tommy hilfiger Tommy Hilfiger TH24/7You video watch 2 watch 2 classic wsd-f20 subscribe ... Previous Story BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances ... Next Story Daydream puzzle-adventure game Lola and the Giant comes to Android with a companion app Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Dimitris Kanellopoulos So much surprised one of best of these watches the polar m600 is not listed. Such a shame. Corbin Davenport That one was released in 2016. Dimitris Kanellopoulos Right. Sorry Raven ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It might also have been released late 2016, but it is a shame that you did not include the Asus ZenWatch 3 in this comparison. I think it is one of the best Wear 2100 based smart watches currently available and at only $209 it is a steal compared to some of the ones listed here. I am loving mine. Tucker Sferro scrolling down the list, I am amazed at the prices. I loved my Moto 360 1st gen, I paid $100 for it on Craigslist. That's exactly what it's worth. You know why? The battery died after about 18 months and it's now a brick. The general public doesnt want to pay more than $150 for a secondary "cell phone-like" piece of hardware that only lasts 2 years, period. Smartwatches will NEVER take off until the cost point drops dramatically. This is the same thing that e-readers went through, until Amazon stepped up to the plate and brought the costs dow. Thomas Paulsen A fellow Moto 360 1st gen user here with a dead battery. I paid top dollar and it burned me so much that I am holding back from another purchase. The only reasons that I would reconsider are being able to open smart locks with NFC, robust assistant voice control ("open garage door"), broader Android Pay availability and - of course - a moderate price because we all know gadgets become obsolete fast. Tucker Sferro I found an article online that shows you how to replace the battery ($15), but it involved cracking the plastic off the back of the 360, etc. I would also be unhappy if I paid full price. Thomas Paulsen This video was posted two months ago and details the battery swap: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r1as_h5jnBM Lazyboy0172 Oh I am going to be very sad when my battery dies. I've had my 360 since september 2014 and have no battery problems so far, but I'll be very sad to lose it. That's really the only thing that will get me to replace it though, because right now the thought of spending $300+ on something newer with the only real difference being that it looks better does not make sense to me. And I think that's the problem with the market right now- the price points just aren't there between manufacturers and consumers. Consumers do not want to supplement their $500 phone with a $400 watch, and then have to replace that watch every couple years. But no manufacturer can afford to sell a nice looking watch at <$150 and then also not have any repeat customers for 3+ years. Tucker Sferro you bring up a good point, that manufacturers are unable to bring the costs down to a more attractive level, which is why someone like Amazon (shudders) might be able to lower the cost with a Fire watch, or something like that. Oh boy, ads on my watch?! I just threw up on myself. brkshr Replacing the battery costs about $10 and 20 minutes. Kyle R Krcmaric I just want to have Android Wear at or below $150 on a device that supports Android Pay. GreatNews You forgot to include the all new ZTE Quartz https://www.t-mobile.com/internet-device/zte-quartz Corbin Davenport You're right, I'll be adding it shortly. Rorison Meadows II I need a camera on a decent sized one for video calling and photos. Come on people! marcusmarcus2 Here you go :) http://www.doki.com/ Rorison Meadows II :-( you tease! Daniel Nava Best Buy has the LG Watch Style for $170 right now. I picked one up and could not be happier with it. I just wanted a nice looking basic Android Wear watch under $200 and I got it. Matt It's a shame that Wear 2.0 is so bad. Roy ?WHY kamiller42 Oh. Where do I begin? 1. The watch is no longer an extension of the phone. This hurts the convenience of using the watch. 2. Apps that used to work no longer. Most times, permissions have to be granted again. Other times, the watch app has lost connectivity with the phone. 3. Notifications which used to appear don't. 4. It's slower than previous versions. 5. Theater mode in 1 click, 1 swipe, and 2 taps vs 2 clicks. 6. DnD no longer works. Why? Because Google wants the watch to act as an independent device. DnD on watch and phone are not connected. A handful of people say that's great, but the situations they bring up are edge cases. Most people, when they say "Do not disturb me" means do not disturb me at all. 7. I have not figured out to answer the phone from the watch. The only option I see is to refuse call. Used to be simple. Swipe right to answer. Swipe left to refuse. Roy 1. It's great. Only need good sync. 2. Wich apps? 3. Why not? All the reviews says it's work. 4. Mmm for sure now they need to upgrade the hardware for independent os. 5. What's for? 6. You right about that. 7. I didn't hear about that. So if I can Make a summary no everything work flawless so it's good that I didn't buy one just yet but it doesn't mean that Android Wear 2.0 not in good Direction. I hated the first version. Matt Why is that a shame or why is it bad? Michael Maggard ZTE Quartz came out in 2017, has Android Wear 2.0, and is under US$200. https://www.t-mobile.com/internet-device/zte-quartz Corbin Davenport Yep, I'll be adding it to the post shortly. Derik Taylor Also, the ZTE Quartz does have GPS. In the description, you said it doesn't. :| (I have it, which is the only reason I knew that.) marcusmarcus2 The discription also says it has NFC but I cannot see that it does on the T mobile website or the ZTE website. Derik Taylor Huh...didn't notice that. No NFC. :( Not that I planned on using it anyway, but still would have been nice as an option. abqnm I see it's on there now. There's a bit of an error though. In the blurb for it, it says there IS NFC but NO GPS. It's the other way around. It HAS GPS and NO NFC. The entry in the table is correct though. Thanks for this post. It's a great way to compare at a glance. Corbin Davenport Yep, some info got mixed when I was adding the Quartz and Wear24 at the same time. Both the table and the article text should be correct now. abqnm Thanks, but it's not quite correct still. The Quartz description now says but no GPS, LTE, or NFC It does have GPS, but not LTE or NFC. marcusmarcus2 Third time's a charm http://s2.quickmeme.com/img/1a/1ab37c4fc16eae0cf8505ad03c1652fea7659118ab91a6fa386c4e1e514266aa.jpg Corbin Davenport I clearly can't write today. Fixed! abqnm Haha no worries. We've all been there. marcusmarcus2 https://www.zteusa.com/zte-quartz "500 mAh" Dang, it has the largest battery compared to those listed and it still only has "up to 36 hours of battery life per charge" Kyle Gospodnetich Are you guys ever going to talk about the joke that is the Android Wear 2.0 OTAs? Most watches don't even have it yet, and Google completely backed down on their 'fast update, all at once' promise. Dan W agreed. i was hoping that AP would hold Google's feet to the fire on the 2.0 updates. they've been a tragic reminder of how little Google and its partners care about timely updates. Captain On! It's hard to forget, but updates aren't solely on Google. Manufacturers and driver support can hold software updates back regardless of Google trying to shove it out the door. EcE But since there was such promise, shouldn't have Google "certified" the watches somehow? Ensuring that the updates can be pushed timely? kamiller42 Google is doing you a favor. AW 2.0 is a work in progress. Its flow is not as fast and fluid as previous. me me Agreed, I tried the Developer Preview, Watch become unusable. Ambition >> specifications. Carson Saldanha When did they say "fast update, all at once" Mayoo Honorable mention to one of the longest tags section I've seen on AP https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4be9fae6b2e3863638bc20bd2881a3021302f2677608ddc958771313cae23baf.png PJ Anderson The LG Watch Style has a speaker? David Ruddock It doesn't, the table has been corrected. IcerC The Verizon Wear24 comes out in less than a week right? Add that one. tu3218 Has Verizon even announced a date yet? Still nothing on their website. Rashad May 11 tu3218 Where did you see that? Rashad I added the link afterwards. tu3218 Good deal. Although I'm really still waiting for the gear S3. But we all know how that's going for Verizon. Corbin Davenport Yeah, I'll add that one as well. YaKillaCJ The messed up part is the Misfit Vapor is the clear winner in terms of aesthetics and specs when not factoring price. Yet it's priced ridiculously competitive. I think I will get it to upgrade my Moto 360 1st Gen. victor sanchez same here. jawsnnn It will probably have some glaring flaw when it comes out. That has been the pattern for Android Wear devices so far: Announcement,Excitement,Dashed hopes and dreams. Nick Coad Agreed, it's my favourite so far, but I'm really disappointed by the lack of a digital crown since it looks so useful for navigation. Boolean Corporation Mmh, maybe you already know this by now, but the Misfit has a touch enabled bezel that serves as a click/wheel and takes over the scroll/zoom functions of the digital crown. At least that's what it was announced. Nick Coad I did not know that, thank you! That does seem interesting. 005 anyone know if Misfit vapor has speaker if that has speaker that seals the deal all the way i can leave with out NFC for that price its hands down the best if only had spaker Corbin Davenport I found no mention of a speaker anywhere. 005 thanks hope they do because Huawei Watch 2 Classic went way down in design not sure what the heck happen ObligatoryEscapments It has 5ATM water resistance. In the Android Wear world, that means no speaker. (See: Casio, Nixon, Polar. All speakerless) i_say_uuhhh That Movado looks amazing, just wish it had a speaker and LTE. skillfulshoe Don't be fooled by that picture, it doesn't have an edge to edge screen. Not sure how AP missed that. https://www.theverge.com/circuitbreaker/2017/3/24/15052504/movado-android-wear-watch-connect-baselworld-2017 Roy THE CPU IS CRAP. marcusmarcus2 Really? I thought it was silicon. Roy Really why 28nm?! Stevie_Wonder The Misfit will probably be my first smartwatch. Might have some shortcomings, for example the lacking of NFC, but I don't think I will really need that since Android Pay isn't even launched here. Not sure if a speaker is really useful. And a question for the smartwatch users. My provider doesn't support a second sim so can't use the LTE option, but how useful is it and do you use it a lot? Will it connect through Bluetooth with your phone first and if that fails use LTE to connect? ObligatoryEscapments Casio is even stingier than Fossil with specs, but it's very surprising to hear that they've abandoned their custom SoC from the WSD-10 to use the Qualcomm. Also, I think it's a safe assumption the Verizon/Quanta Wear24 has a speaker. It's an LTE watch that makes phone calls. haberd I would love to see dimensions added. My major problem with this crop is they are too bulky for constant wear bābā ghanūj Full spec sheet for all Android Wear watches here! https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1lbKhNnFBARrT5TVo3bkyp1UzT0S5Iahy3W9dAQf_sfc/edit#gid=0 ethd "The award for the longest smartwatch name goes to the TAG Heuer Connected Modular 45. This watch has an Intel Atom Z34XX processor (the same one the Casio watch uses), 1.39" 400x400 circular display, 410mAh battery, and speaker." I think you meant that it has the same processor the New Balance one uses. Your table and the article both say that the Casio Pro Trek uses a SDW2100. JD Seeing how Google Treats Android Wear. That's a big list of Casualties to add to the already long list of casualties. FlyOnTheWall No Polar M600? Corbin Davenport That was released last year. Jordan L Hey, my Huawei watch just got AW 2.0 final ( I think) it's updating now. Akshdeep For ZTE Quartz in the table you have mentioned screen size as 1.4 and 400x400 but below you have written 1.3 and 480x480. Please make correction. Corbin Davenport Thanks, it has been fixed. Carson Saldanha The table says the LG Watch Style has a speaker, but I'm pretty sure it doesn't. Might wanna fix that ;) jmwils3 Haven't gotten any final news from Verizon, as the csms don't have the information, but the NFC chip on the wear24 don't seem to be active and no Android pay present, at least currently. Who knows if an update will activate them by official launch day, but the fact the original verizon article has been edited to remove references to NFC and the product page is gone isn't all that encouraging. Iagoba Apellaniz Compass? I want to see the ability to point to north Richard Markert I have both gens of 360, but I'm going to get a Gear S3 Classic for my next smartwatch. Not going to do another Wear watch. lcasale Can't even buy the LG Sport. It's been sold out on the Google Store and Verizon has pushed back the pre-ordered twice now (by two months). I'm expecting them to miss the latest 5/11 ship date as well. b_boogey_xl I think I'll go with the Huawei Watch 2 Classic. The only knock I have with it is, no LTE (not a deal breaker but…) and I wish they left off those notches that do nothing for a digital watch 🙄. Don't really care for a digital crown since it doesn't have a greater function like it does on the Apple Watch, it just sounds like a "me too" feature. Now just to wait for the price to drop since everyone hates it… 😊. peterfares You sure the Wear24 doesn't have GPS? I think it does. OrangeSweater Are you sure the Misfit Vapor has LTE? The only thing I see listed on the product page is Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connectivity. It seems odd that it would include LTE when it is so much cheaper than what is available from other companies. Chris Sells Which ones have a rotational crown? Kian Can someone confirm that the Tommy TH24/7You comes with NFC? So many other sites like Wearable.com say that it in fact does NOT have NFC. This is the only site that says it does....... Nate Just noticed your specs for the HWatch 2's are wrong. They are rated IP68 for water and dust. These is in line with the specs on Huawei's site Nattiel The new Fossil smartwatches DO NOT have a flat tire. They have a fully round amoled display. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 141 queries | 0.992s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 05 43 PM IST Phone apps driven by Artificial Intelligence A look at some of the apps that are making maximum use of AI Subscribe to our newsletter. Vishal Mathur Microsoft and Google, for instance, are trying to make Artificial Intelligence an integral part of their software. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is enabling smartphone apps too to enhance the experience for a user. Microsoft and Google, for instance, are trying to make AI an integral part of their software. In fact, at Google’s annual I/O conference in California in May, Google spoke of AI for various platforms, including the Home hardware and Photos app. We look at some of the apps that are making maximum use of AI. Niki.ai Niki.ai is a thoroughbred chatbot that uses AI to execute tasks. What you get is a typical chat window where you chat with a machine to register your requests. You can recharge your prepaid phone, book a cab, pay utility bills, order food, get laundry done, do bus and hotel bookings, make a booking for an interesting event in your city, even buy movie and flight tickets. Over time, Niki will understand your preferences, and give you information on deals and offers you may be interested in. Niki.ai is available on Android. Haptik Haptik is a personal assistance app that uses a unique blend of AI, natural-language processing, machine-learning techniques and human intervention to answer user queries, give suggestions based on context, and send reminders for pending tasks. The idea is to ensure every user query is answered. You can book flight tickets and do Web check-ins, book cabs, order food, make restaurant reservations and hotel bookings, pay bills, recharge phones, find stores and public utilities near your location, and more. It is free to download and use on Android and iOS. Netflix Chances are, you prefer a legal video-streaming subscription service such as Netflix, to movie piracy. You may like the fact that Netflix offers suggestions for movies, allowing you to discover some gems instantly. Now that is the work of AI algorithms. Over time, Netflix begins to understand what you like watching and scans its library of content to match criteria and offer “you might also like” suggestions. This also means that unlike manual sorting that could perhaps be biased in favour of certain pieces of popular content, these algorithms could help you find some rare movies or titles you have never heard of. Netflix is literally everywhere—on your phone, PC, tablet, gaming console and smart TV. Microsoft Cortana This started out as an AI-powered personal assistant for Windows Phones. But there aren’t many of those devices around, and Microsoft smartly built this assistant into Windows too. At Microsoft’s annual BUILD 2017 conference in Seattle last month, Microsoft confirmed that Cortana now has more than 141 million users, around a third of the 500 million Windows 10 users globally. This assistant can set time- and location-based reminders, manage missed calls, find an answer to any question you pose, even get the latest news. It now works on PCs and phones, but the biggest advantage could be the fact that more third-party apps are now plugging into Cortana—the likes of Netflix and Fitbit are already on board.  Vishal Mathur Topics: Artificial intelligence AI Apps Niki.ai Haptik More From Livemint READ MORE Donald Trump’s Paris climate deal rejection could sink his own properties From pottery to painting Monsoon to arrive in Mumbai by June 10-11, says IMD First Published: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 05 41 PM IST Editor's Picks Infosys drops $20 billion revenue target, forms advisory panel for CEO Vishal Sikka Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News Donald Trump’s Paris climate deal rejection could sink his own properties From pottery to painting Monsoon to arrive in Mumbai by June 10-11, says IMD Kinnevik sells out of Germany’s Rocket Internet ECB rules out further interest rate cuts, in step towards stimulus exit Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion Last Modified: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 12 52 PM IST Google wants to block ads to save them Starting next year, its Google’s Chrome web browser will block all ads — including those bought through Google — on websites that don’t follow guidelines set by an industry group Subscribe to our newsletter. Leonid Bershidsky Google controls more than 40% of the US digital ad market. Photo: Reuters Google, which controls more than 40% of the US digital ad market, has decided to teach the world which ads are acceptable and which aren’t. Starting next year, its Chrome web browser will block all ads — including those bought through Google — on websites that don’t follow guidelines set by an industry group. This monopolistic move is meant to save the digital ad industry from itself. It would also have the side effects of making Google’s business model more sustainable. Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google’s senior vice-president for ads and commerce, delivered the warning to website owners in a recent blog post. Chrome, he wrote, won’t show any advertising on sites that try to run ads that are designated as annoying by the Coalition for Better Ads, a group that, apart from Google, includes the second digital ad powerhouse — Facebook, as well as content creators such as News Corp. and The Washington Post and major advertisers such as Procter & Gamble. The group has researched user experiences and concluded that internet users hate pop-up ads, self-launching videos with sound, countdown ads that make one wait before a page loads, and large sticky ads that don’t go away as you scroll. Google is not the first browser maker to build in ad blocking functionality. Last year, Norway-based Opera Software did so, saying it wanted to motivate the industry to stop annoying viewers and increasing website load times. Like Google, Opera also declared it supported lighter ad formats, but didn’t pick and choose websites on which to filter out advertising. Now, about a third of Opera users have turned on the blocking feature. But there are too few of them to count: Opera commands a 3.5% global market share. Chrome, with 54%, dwarfs all other players, and its threat to stop showing ads on certain sites is essentially an order to change or die. It’s not a nice move. Many will see it as a power grab aimed at weakening other players, who are already losing share to Google and Facebook. Content creators could point out that the two giants sell some of the most irritating ad formats, but the Coalition for Better Ads has no problem with them. Instead, it’s helping Google wage war on the formats that bring in the most revenue for publishers. So why would Google expose itself to new accusations of abusing its monopoly position, especially given that its business keeps growing and so does the global digital ad market, which is expected to reach $223.7 billion this year and continue to make double-digit leaps until at least 2020? Google founders and executives have built such a powerful company because they have never allowed themselves to get stuck in the present or the near future. And the medium term looks troubling for the digital ad industry because of the quickly growing use of ad blockers. On desktop computers, the use of such software is increasing while web traffic from them is going down. But that’s not what should worry Google, whose strategy is based on mobile dominance; on mobile devices, the use of ad blockers is rocketing. In 2016, Google’s ad sales increased about 18%. The number of mobile devices that use an ad blocker grew 38% (to 380 million), according to PageFair. Much of that growth is in Asia, one of the most promising regions for advertisers. Increasingly, Google and other companies exploiting advertising-based business models are facing a world in which ads are sold, providing a robust revenue stream, but people find ways to opt out of looking at them. That gives fraud — primarily the practice of “showing” ads to bots rather than real people — an increasing weight in the industry’s total revenues. Google needs to get real people to keep looking at ads, and it appears to believe that making other people’s ads less intrusive is the way toward that goal. I doubt it’s going to solve the problem, mainly because the guidelines are written in a way that ensures that viewers will continue to see annoying ads from Google and Facebook — if not from many other sites. Google appears to believe that the digital ad market’s fundamental contradiction between people’s desire for free content and their annoyance with ads is a matter of balance. That belief is apparently shared by some content producers: A few of them have signed up for Google’s relaunched Contributor program, which allows sites to charge a small fee — usually $0.01 per page — to show a visitor no ads at all. But the program did badly before the relaunch, and very few content sites have signed up for it now. To most readers, paying to see no ads is essentially like paying protection money — something to be avoided with the help of a comprehensive ad blocker, not a pro-Google, pro-Facebook one. Content creators, like any other manufacturers, are on shaky ground when people can consume their product free of charge. A strong paid subscription base is the only good insurance against a future digital advertising crisis, which Google is trying to stave off with its attempt to join a trend it can’t beat. Bloomberg Leonid Bershidsky Topics: Google digital ads digital ad revenue Chrome Coalition for Better Ads More From Livemint READ MORE Donald Trump’s Paris climate deal rejection could sink his own properties From pottery to painting Monsoon to arrive in Mumbai by June 10-11, says IMD First Published: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 10 37 AM IST Editor's Picks Infosys drops $20 billion revenue target, forms advisory panel for CEO Vishal Sikka Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News Donald Trump’s Paris climate deal rejection could sink his own properties From pottery to painting Monsoon to arrive in Mumbai by June 10-11, says IMD Kinnevik sells out of Germany’s Rocket Internet ECB rules out further interest rate cuts, in step towards stimulus exit Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Place an advert Buy a photo Plus Rewards Puzzles Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating ALL Ashbourne News Crime Education Business Health Politics Jobs News Letters Transport Bygones Business Awards Lifestyle TV General Election 2017 - few people have seen candidates on their doorsteps, according to survey By zhawley  |  Posted: June 06, 2017 By Zena Hawley   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Comments (0) Door-knocking during a General Election campaign seems to be a thing of the past, according to a new Google survey - which revealed that just 7% of people who responded had spoken to a campaigner on the doorstep. Instead, of the 750 people in the East Midlands surveyed, just over half (53%) said they had received candidates' leaflets in the post and 13% said they had seen campaigners in the area, delivering them. Only just over a third (37%) had received any literature or seen candidates or campaigners. The survey is one of a number carried out with Google over the past few weeks and ,in the initial survey, it was revealed that the NHS and social care were major issues for voters. READ MORE: Who are the General Election candidates in Derbyshire? It seems that this has not changed much and about a third of respondents (34%) say how political parties treat these issues will influence their voting, including 51% of people planning to vote Labour and 37% of Liberal Democrat voters. Other key issues are Brexit, which matters to 20% of respondents, including 42% of Conservative voters and 67% of UKIP voters. Overall, the survey of 750 people shows that 40% said they are planning to vote Labour later this week, compared to 32% who said that was their planned vote at the start of the election campaign. The proportion of respondents backing the Conservatives is at 23%, compared to 29% backing the party at the beginning of the campaign. Other parties have seen their vote share squeezed by the contest between Labour and Conservatives – the Liberal Democrat vote was 3%, compared to 5% saying they supported the party at the start of the campaign, UKIP was 4%, down from 5%, and the Green Party was 2%, down from 3%. READ MORE: Try this quiz if you don't know who to vote for in the General Election Seven in 10 of people who planned to vote Conservative at the start of the campaign are still backing the party (70%), but 15% have switched to Labour, and 10% say they are no longer sure who they will vote for. While 91% of Labour voters were still sticking with what they said at the start of the campaign, 40% of people who previously planned to vote Liberal Democrat said they have switched to Labour, as have 37% of those who had been planning to vote Green, and 7% of those previously backing UKIP. Most respondents said the party they were voting for (64%) was most important, rather than the party leader (25%) or the local candidate (10%). Party was particularly important for those planning to vote Labour, 70% who put it top compared to 56% of those planning to vote Conservative. READ MORE: Check out the latest General Election odds Theresa May's campaign, which has more strongly focused on her, seems to have had an impact - with 34% of those planning to vote Conservative saying the leader of the party was the most important thing to them. Labour voters were the most likely to feel more fired up as a result of the televised debates, with 38% saying they had made them even more determined to vote for their party, compared to 21% of Conservative voters saying the same. Of those who were undecided a few weeks ago - 4% have decided to vote Conservative, 3% to vote Labour but 56% have still to make up their minds. READ MORE: Everything you need to know about the 2017 General Election Report this article Read more from Derby Telegraph Most Recent Most Commented Find out how much the Derby flat with £25K guide price sold... Weeping Window poppy unveiled display at Derby's Silk Mill tower Police arrest two women after alleged Cath Kidston theft in Intu... Derby driver jumped red light and mowed down mum pushing son in... London terror attacks - three men shot dead after killing seven... Travellers in Oakwood: 'It was really easy getting on to council... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs PROJECT MANAGER Salary : Good Rates of Pay Graphic Designer Salary : Competitive Veterinary Farm & Equine Unit Manager Salary : Upwards from £25,000 plus bonus + benefits dependant on experience Journal Manager Salary : Undisclosed Site Carpenter Salary : Undisclosed Bench Joiner/Cabinet Maker Salary : Good Rates of Pay Medical Receptionist Vacancy Salary : £8.08 per hour Administrators Salary : £19,000-£24,000 Operations Assistant Salary : £16,500 - £20,000 Fostering & Adoption Recruitment and Enquiry Co-ordinator Salary : £20,727 Finance Manager Salary : £29,301 to £38,183 pro rata per annum Communications Assistant Salary : £8.37/hour User Platform Analyst Salary : Good Rates of Pay College Nurse Salary : £23,624.78 Caretaker Salary : £17,695 per annum Cover Supervisor Salary : Good Rates of Pay Housekeepers Salary : Good Rates of Pay Administrative Assistant Salary : Good Rates of Pay Guest Services Assistant Salary : Good Rates of Pay FUNDRAISING OFFICER Salary : £21,876 p.a. (pro rata) Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Entertainment Education Health Jobs news Transport Have Your Say Polls Sport Football Derby County Burton Albion Rugby Cricket Other Sports Park Life Steve Nicholson Our Site Advertise With Us Video Jobs Dating How to complain Corrections and Clarifications Letters Promotions Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Property Classifieds Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Attractions Pubs and Bars Hairdressers Sport and Leisure Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Plumbers Legal Services Taxis and Vehicle Hire Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Skip to content Naked Security Computer Security News, Advice and Research sophos.com Free Tools Go Award-winning computer security news Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed Two cheers for Google’s native Chrome ad-blocker 06 Jun 2017 11 Google Post navigation Previous: InfoSec 2017: a look at the family album of ransomware Next: News in brief: spy chief warns on blame; FBI arrests NSA contractor; Japan holds teen on ransomware by John E Dunn 0Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share on Reddit Publishers and internet users will have given a half-hearted cheer to last week’s news that Google is to build a form of advertising control technology into Chrome from 2018. Cheering, perhaps, but each group will have been doing so for different reasons and with little enthusiasm. Notice we said control – not blocking. But before untangling the difference, let’s acknowledge why ad-blocking has become so appealing: visiting many websites often means being swarmed by ad and tracking systems that noticeably slow browsing performance. Publishers claim this is a fringe problem caused by aggressive companies getting carried away, but that’s not entirely true. There are plenty of mainstream sites that happily leave users in the slow lane. Google’s top ad executive, Sridhar Ramaswamy, describes the outcome: These frustrating experiences can lead some people to block all ads – taking a big toll on the content creators, journalists, web developers and videographers who depend on ads to fund their content creation. So, people start using ad blockers which block out almost everything, encouraging publishers to deploy anti-blocking technology which simply annoys readers even more. Sophos Home Free home computer security software for all the family Learn More Without giving a history lesson, suffice it to say that the model’s futility occurred to ad-blocking companies, which also needed revenue. Their solution was to let some advertisers pay not to be blocked. This went down badly with many publishers, who felt they were being extorted, an argument that continues to this day. Savvy users responded by disabling whitelisting anyway. Google’s alternative is slightly different and has two elements. The first is to allow Chrome to control ads that don’t adhere to rules agreed by the industry Coalition for Better Ads. Arguably, this isn’t blocking because it only stops ads that transgress in very specific ways, such as auto-playing videos, prestitial ads with countdown timers (which block a homepage for a given period) and sticky ads (which persist even after scrolling). It won’t address the wider issue of the way ads drain performance or – the other reason ad-blockers became popular – stop users from being tracked across websites to the detriment of their privacy and, sometimes, their security. Given this, the second element Google, Funding Choices, might be particularly galling. Still in limited beta, this is a way to charge users who refuse to turn off their ad-blocker. The revenue from this, stored in a Google digital wallet, will be split between the publisher and – you guessed it – Google. Doubtless, a few publishers will see this as a handy revenue stream, assuming enough bother to enable it. It might raise pennies. For most, however, it will stick in the craw for publishers to pay Google at all, the very company many privately blame for using its search engine algorithms, advertising system and dominance of mobiles to slowly drain their brands of importance – and revenue. To date, only one other mainstream browser maker, Opera, has dabbled with integrated ad blocking. Google’s plans are more potent even if its ad control tech ends up as a halfway house that merely enforces sanity on publishers. What it can’t yet do is stop people using ad-blockers without driving them away from Chrome itself. For now, ad-blockers remain the last stand of browser users who refuse to cede all control. Follow @NakedSecurity Follow @JohnEDunn ad block ad blocker Google Free tools Sophos Home for Windows and Mac XG Firewall Home Edition Mobile Security for Android Virus Removal Tool Antivirus for Linux Post navigation Previous: InfoSec 2017: a look at the family album of ransomware Next: News in brief: spy chief warns on blame; FBI arrests NSA contractor; Japan holds teen on ransomware About the author John E Dunn John E Dunn has covered cybersecurity since 2003 - long before anyone was worried. He was co-founding editor of industry title Techworld and security editor at Computerworld UK. Other editor stints included Network Week, Network World, LAN Magazine, Personal Computer Magazine, start-up title Tornado-Insider Magazine, as well as the usual blogs, freelance articles, glum appearances on BBC TV/Radio, and expert opinion for the magnificent CBC Canada. 11 comments on “Two cheers for Google’s native Chrome ad-blocker” Larry Marks says: June 6, 2017 at 8:15 pm uBlock Origin ! Best ad blocker there is. For Chrome, Firefox, and Edge. Can’t wait to see it on Android. Reply Kate Bevan says: June 6, 2017 at 9:17 pm It’s available for Firefox for Android. Reply Jim says: June 7, 2017 at 3:44 am I feel for the content providers who depend on ads. But, this is a huge problem. I don’t use an ad-blocker, and I feel the pain VERY commonly. My question is, why isn’t there an ad-certification set of standards? This would seem almost trivial to produce, and it would pay for itself both for advertisers and for ad-blockers. Obviously, it would have to be independent of content providers and advertising agencies. Ad-blockers could be certified to block only ads beyond the ad certs’ specification. Today, the only “standards” are proprietary to the ad-blockers. Someone should step up to the plate on this. C’mon, Google, Facebook, and other giants! Form a consortium to take input from all fronts, and create something. You will ALL win if you do! Reply Mark Stockley says: June 7, 2017 at 10:09 am AdBlock Plus, the Brave browser and Facebook are all trying to walk the line between blocking onerous ads and letting acceptable ones through. “Acceptable Ads”: Are there any? And who gets to monetize them? https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2016/02/29/acceptable-ads-are-there-any-who-gets-to-monetize-them/ Brave will pay you to see ads with its ad-blocking browser https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2016/04/05/brave-will-pay-you-to-see-ads-with-its-ad-blocking-browser/ Facebook starts bypassing adblockers https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2016/08/11/facebook-starts-bypassing-adblockers/ I think the trouble is that the horse has already bolted. The standards for acceptable ads needed to arrive first, before the ad-blockers. Instead the advertisers and content providers got stuck in a race to the bottom which drove consumers into the arms of ad-blockers. Standards or no I can’t see millions of consumers uninstalling their ad-blockers now, on the off-chance that ads have changed for the better. Reply Jim says: June 7, 2017 at 9:44 pm I agree. But, I also think that it could still be done. This proposed consortium wouldn’t recommend algorithms or code. The restrictions, in fact, should be in very plain language. For example, “hidden spyware on ad pages” might be one thing prohibited (there’s a can of worms for you). And, they would need to have a support process controlling adjudication between parties. Advertisers especially would need a way to argue that their ad didn’t exceed the specs. Also, they may agree, and then change things so the ad is again compliant with their cert. level. The ad-blockers and the advertisers should both get a lot of input into the rules (along with the public). And, the rules need to be numbered, perhaps from least offensive (1) to most offensive (10), with everything higher than a certain number applying to one of 10 certifications. Reply 0laf says: June 7, 2017 at 9:25 am I’ve been using an ad-blocker for so long that it’s a shock to see the internet without one. Whatever Google does (and I try to avoid Chrome because of it’s Google tendrils) I can’t see that I would want to be without one now. On a mobile device where an ad-blocker it a bit harder to use some sites (particularly Facebook links) are now unusable for the most part. Adverts taking up 90% of he screen and popping on top of content as well. Advertiser have made this monster through their own greed. Reply Simon says: June 7, 2017 at 10:19 am The music industry had to adapt or die, ad companies need to take heed and change their business model. They failed to regulate themselves effectively, most advertisers abuse ads (think malware techniques without obvious payload), and then you have the real threat of malware delivered via ads to innocent people who become infected just because an unwanted ad appears on a page they are reading. As an end user it’s my computer, i bought it, it’s my paid for internet bandwidth, I run AV software to keep known viruses out and i run an Ad blocker for the same reason. I will block you any way i can. if a site dies due to lack of ad revenue they should have changed tact long ago because it was obviously coming. If Google thinks anyone will pay a penny for Chrome without ads they’re going to lose a lot of users to alternate browsers. Reply Nobody_Holme says: June 7, 2017 at 10:21 am Quite simply, any site that makes me really work to disable ads or tracking I won’t visit. To date, I’ve not missed a single thing. The exception is browsing (off the clock, or for work reasons) on work pcs, as I obviously have no option sometimes – I mitigate this by not caring so much at work, but then we also have such frequent forced password changes that I’m down to using things like “P@ssW0rd” by now. I also have access to a wide range of business critical data, and am aware of the insanity of using such a bad password, but am blocked from using a password manager and have an awful memory. The astute amongst you will be aware of where I work and how bad that seems – before you panic, I’m not in the web services side of the company, and don’t have any network admin rights, although some of those who do have been with the company longer and have more memory issues than I… Reply Dave Bradley says: June 7, 2017 at 10:39 am Oh, the irony…the displays on Piccadilly Circus are off at the moment for maintenance etc… Reply Kate Bevan says: June 7, 2017 at 10:56 am Ha, shows how often I go into the West End at night! ;) Reply Robert says: June 7, 2017 at 7:26 pm I block ads because they have become a common attack method for malware. Until advertising networks begin making an effort to ensure ads are safe I will do as much as I can to block all of them. (edited to remove link – please don’t post links in the comments.) Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Recommended reads Feb10 by John Zorabedian 48 Wired to ad blocker users: pay up for ad-free site or you get nothing Sep21 by Lisa Vaas 8 After iOS 9 launches, Ad blockers top the App Store chart Sep09 by Lisa Vaas 5 Apple iOS 9 Safari opens the flood gates to ad-blocking Aug12 by John Zorabedian 31 Adobe and PageFair claim ad blockers will cost business $22 billion in 2015 Jun19 by Lisa Vaas 65 Former Googler fights adblockers with adblocker blocker Mar14 by Paul Ducklin 14 Google tells ad-blocking utilities on Android: “You’re fired!” [POLL] SOPHOS About Naked Security About Sophos Send us a tip Cookies Privacy Legal Network Protection XG Firewall UTM Secure Wi-Fi Secure Web Gateway Secure Email Gateway Enduser Protection Enduser Protection Bundles Endpoint Antivirus Sophos Cloud Mobile Control SafeGuard Encryption Server Protection Virtualization Security Server Security SharePoint Security Network Storage Antivirus PureMessage Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Feed © 1997 - 2017 Sophos Ltd. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Netflix confirms it is blocking rooted/unlocked devices, app itself is still working (for now) Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/05/13 3:08pm PDTMay 13, 2017 239 Plus 1 on G+ 1179 Share on Facebook 437 Share on Twitter Total Shares1418 Applications News Earlier today, Netflix started showing up as 'incompatible' on the Play Store for rooted and unlocked Android devices. However, the app itself continued to work fine, leading some (including myself) to think it could have been an accident. However, Netflix has now confirmed to us that blocking modified devices from downloading the app was intentional. This is the full statement: With our latest 5.0 release, we now fully rely on the Widevine DRM provided by Google; therefore, many devices that are not Google-certified or have been altered will no longer work with our latest app and those users will no longer see the Netflix app in the Play Store. If you're not familiar with it, Widevine is a Google-made DRM technology that works across various desktop and mobile platforms. Widevine categorizes devices into three security levels, ranging from all processes running in the Trusted Execution Environment (TEE) to not running anything in TEE at all. However, the Play Store listing seems tied to a device's SafetyNet status (which is used by Android Pay), rather than the Widevine TEE. For example, Artem's bootloader-unlocked stock Pixel is still on Widevine Level 1, the most secure level, but fails SafetyNet because it is unlocked. The update's changelog also confirms that: "Version 5.0 only works with devices that are certified by Google and meet all Android requirements." What isn't exactly clear is why only the Play Store listing is blocked, but the app itself continued to function normally. I tried both Netflix 4.16 and 5.0.4 (the latest version, from today), and both worked without problems on my unlocked and rooted Galaxy Tab S (which is labeled as Widevine Security Level 3). Maybe at some point the app will stop working, but that does not appear to be the case right now. If you have a blocked device, I recommend following the Pushbullet channel for Netflix on APKMirror (click the Pushbullet button on that page) so you can continue to receive updates outside the Play Store. Tags block DRM netflix widevine subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Benson-approved 9ft USB-C AmazonBasics cables are $7.99 (20% off), 6ft 15% off ... Next Story LG has pulled the T-Mobile G6 'Buy one, get one' promotion Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Sergio Carmona But why???? First the vpn's now this... why oh why??? Jimk4003 Surely because licensing is regionally specific, and because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. I get that it might be annoying for some people, but aren't the reasons obvious? David Juarez But root?? Lol Semianonymous Probably an effort to reduce Region spoofing? Idk how easy that is to do on a stock device. Jimk4003 Because rooting has the potential to defeat DRM. mjh49783ab DRM doesn't work. All DRM does is inconvenience the end user. Jimk4003 Possibly. But Netflix have to negotiate licencing deals with the movie studios, and having DRM helps reassure the studios that the movies they have spent millions of dollars making aren't going to get stolen off Netflix without any attempt to stop it. mjh49783ab One could make the argument that rooting the phone may compromise the DRM. But blocking users from unlocking their phones to switch carriers? That is total bullshit, and is just the sort of thing that encourages users to pirate the content. Jimk4003 Netflix are blocking you from switching carriers? lomsha Sim unlocked phones are fine, unlocked bootloaders are blocked. mjh49783ab They didn't exactly make that clear in the article when I last read it. h4rr4r The studios need to reconsider blu rays then. Way easier to rip. Nothing they do will stop piracy. This kind of thing actually encourages it. Jimk4003 Maybe studios do need to consider Blu-ray's. That isn't Netflix's problem though. h4rr4r No Netflix problem is making sure they don't let the studios reduce the value of their product. If Amazon video works on my devices and Netflix does not that is a big deal to me. In that case I might as well sign up for more addon channels on Amazon with the mkney that currently goes to Netflix. Jimk4003 Agreed. But the studios are responsible for making the product they redistribute. It's certainly a balancing act, and I can see both sides of the argument, but Netflix isn't an inalienable right, and those who don't meet the T&C's are going to miss out. h4rr4r Sure, but the studios and Netflix are going to create pirates with these kind of actions. People aren't going to miss out. They will just pirate what they can't get legally. Jimk4003 Sure, but again, it's a tiny fraction of users. If Netflix can negotiate better terms with studios by blocking rooted devices, and thus improve their business overall at the expense of a few fringe users, it stands to reason that is what Netflix will do. Doby Gillis whaa fucking whaa. Sergio Carmona The only obvious thing here is your sarcasm detector not working properly. Go have it fixed please. Jimk4003 Nah, I'm good. h4rr4r So the reason are to make the product worse for the consumer. Great idea, now piracy looks better and better. Jimk4003 What percentage of phones are rooted though? Most people won't care, or even notice the change. h4rr4r It does not matter, if it drives even one person to piracy that is a loss. Jimk4003 But if they can ensure better licensing deals via these new terms, which will attract more customers at the expense of a few rooted users who make up a tiny fraction of overall users; will Netflix care about that loss? h4rr4r But if it encourages piracy the other side of the contract should want to avoid it. Gaining customers in the short term like this hurts the whole market in the long term. Cyber_Akuma Because yeah, people are going to rip movies from Netflix and not off a Blu-Ray.... and even IF they were to attempt to rip them off Netflix, they would use a PHONE and not a PC.... Jimk4003 Ripping Blu-rays isn't Netflix's problem, and Netflix don't need to try and guess what device someone would try and commit piracy with, when the technology exists to restrict them all. Cyber_Akuma You are missing the point, people aren't going to be ripping from Netflix over ripping from a Blu-Ray, and on top of that, they sure as hell aren't going to be ripping off a phone. And actually, you are wrong, the technology to "resist them all" does NOT actually exist. There is no one technology that "restricts them all" but several different technologies for different platforms with various levels of viability and success. Jimk4003 I said 'the technology exists'. When did I say it was a single piece of technology? Let's not be those guys who get in a pedantic argument about semantics on the internet. Regarding the issue under discussion; Netflix's job is to make their platform as robust as possible against piracy, using whatever technology is available to them. Blu-Ray simply isn't their problem. Cyber_Akuma Because just arguing "technology exists" is worthless, plenty of technology exists, and plenty of it is misused. Technically the technology to remotely brick your phone exists too, doesn't mean it's fine to use just because it "exists". And no, their platform already is robust, you are trying to ignore the fact that people ripping movies off a phone is a complete and total non-issue just to try to argue for Netflix's sake, this is ESPECIALLY considering the fact that it harms far more legitimate people than it helps. Sorry, but no, just a plain and completely undesputable NO. You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people just to potentially possibly stop an extreme minority of people who would not even use this method anyway. That's like arguing it's ok to burn down a house to kill a spider. Jimk4003 "You can't argue that it's ok to use something that will hurt a large majority of people". We're talking about Netflix blocking rooted users; in what reality do they constitute the 'large majority' of Android users? Cyber_Akuma I meant the majority of the rooted users. Last time I checked, over 25% of people with an Android device had root access, which is several million users. And OF those several million rooted users, how many do you think actually use their rooted phone and Netflix app to pirate content? Less than 1% Hell, less than 0.1%? They are hurting over 99% of rooted Android users, which while not the majority of Android users is still a lot, to attempt to stop (and not even that effectively as there have been work-around for SafetyNet checks for nearly a year now) an extreme minority OF a minority from doing something they are unlikely to do due to other methods anyway. Richard Markert >I meant the majority of the rooted users. Even the majority of rooted users is a drop in the ocean when it comes to Android users worldwide. Cyber_Akuma Again, over 25%. You also completely missed the point of the argument in that this hurts nearly all rooted users that would not use this maliciously. Lord Argyris Looks like I'll have to start updating manually then. Or just not bother with the app at all since I rarely use Netflix on my phone as it is. SpasilliumNexus Thank goodness the 3T's Open Beta of OxygenOS is good enough for me to not unlock my device and stick with complete stock. Now I wonder why I haven't received any Netflix app updates beyond 4.16.1 build 15145 on the Play Store, when APKMirror has 4 newer versions. ast00 They asked for it. Now pirate their content knowing that you tried doing it the legal way, but THEY declined. Φώτης Because unlocking your Android powered device is such a "bad" thing to do. Whatever Netflix. Ailín Ó’S Ναι, ακριβώς... 😑 C64 How about some English Rob Google translate says that "Ναι, ακριβώς" translates to "Yes, exactly". pcriz How about some Google translate :-/ C64 This is an English website, so you have to talk English. I'm Dutch, so i talk (or try to talk) English too. It hasn't to be perfect, but it would be bs if I talked Dutch over here. 'Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreken geen Nederlands' Or do you like to use translate with everything freaking post Φώτης Chill. It was literally just two words. Not that big of a deal, don't you think? AnubArack Is it that hard to write 2 words in another language then? Kevin Strident Yo no se. You try it. Φώτης Of course not. Actually this is exactly what happened :p AnubArack You and @kevinstrident:disqus are sooooo funny. Less contextually aware than a virtual assistant. d0x360 Yes exactly lol Patrick Ahles *spreekt ;) DavidEssex Yes. I have for years. Twatberry XwaitXwhatX This is an English website Which caters to android users all across the globe pcriz Show me what rule he is breaking. Please quote it for me. Otherwise have as much right to ignore him as he does to speak whatever language he wants. Geezz what a buncha cry babies xyz He is breaking the most important rule of the internet which is faasusu polo asini. pcriz I could try and translate that and feed a troll. Or I can go on living my life. I may choose the latter. C'est la vie, damn how easy (adult) was that ? d0x360 You can talk in whatever language you want. You won't get many people paying any attention to anything you say but who cares? Also...use Google to translate it. It's that button at the very bottom. Yes, exactly xyz Du-te dracului Rebel without a Clue Want 90 procent van de mensen hier spreekt ;) C64 Sorry i was stoned 🤣 Rebel without a Clue Hahaha ok dan mag het Keletor Thank you much! You are awesome, and I totally respect you for that statement and the use of the Commodore insignia. AntiCoyote Not really fair, every single Dutch person I know speaks English as well as an American :o) C64 I'm sorry that we Dutch learn English at school :p davidus The real reason behind this is that there arent many ppl to talk to in first place, if u only speak dutch. Trust me, i m from a neighbour country ;) Me Or some Bixby xyz I don't think Google can translate dipshit. Seems to be a rarely spoken language. pcriz Um okay, whatever that means. DavidEssex How about not being ignorant. xyz Ignorant? No one speaks every language in the world, dipshit. Өөрийгөө Зөндөө Go ArclightX flüggåәnkб€čhiœßølįên There! Now put that in your pipe and smoke it! C64 Don't quit your day job Narg While I prefer English, I have to say that web browsers today make it dirt simple to translate anything, why get all worked up about this? Not using the tools at hand just show ignorance and lethargy. nasznjoka umetisha mzazi asianrage Is it being Unlocked that is not allowed, or Unlocked and Rooted as well? Corbin Davenport Both. Artem can't install it on his unlocked Google Pixel XL. h4rr4r Huh? He can install it, just not from the play store. Apk mirror, soon back answer. Corbin Davenport Yes, that's what I meant. It doesn't appear on the Play Store for him. asianrage That's so shitty. lomsha Idiotic. Andreaeritzman Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sf93c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sf93c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs383TopNovaGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sf93c:....,..... _jack_ I will send them feedback about this. Andy Roid https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a9bc6f4e2413533bdd6ebb2b10ebd06b24f002e6bfab3d18b3274418de511270.jpg Elsiedamado Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !sg85c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !sg85c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs385DirectResourcesGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sg85c:....,...... EowynCarter Yeah me too. And unless they change this, bye netflix account. No point in something I can't use anymore. Demoncat The funny part about video DRM is it's easily defeated. It's more convenient to steal the videos than to deal with the DRM restrictions. Fedup Exactly. Between VPN'ed torrents and nzbs, my Sonarr downloads all TV shows (netflix, HBO, ABC/CBS/NBC/FOX) automatically within minutes of them being ripped and posted by others. It is 100% automated, and with my Plex server running, I can watch shows anywhere - cost = $0.00. I don't do this to save money. I do it for the convenience, lack of ads, and freedom of time/place shifting. Heck, some shows actually download BEFORE they air on network TV (i.e. Designated Survivor). Yan Minari You better tell us more about how you set up this. stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy d0x360 I cancelled​ my account, sent them feedback and then just asked a friend who I let use HBO go and a Chromecast ultra if I could use their Netflix. David Gabel That seems rather dumb. Why cancel your service to them yet still use it via someone else? You're not teaching them anything. For an example, let's say you have a MacBook, and Apple does something to piss you off. You sell your MacBook, but then borrow a friend's MacBook. Nothing was actually accomplished. d0x360 Nothing was accomplished? I cancelled my account and let them know why. Now they aren't making money off me but I still to use their service. Your analogy is deeply flawed...deeply. So deeply I don't think you understand exactly what an analogy is. David Gabel So, you're "not giving them money" yet you still support them by using their product. It still seems like your logic is flawed. If you're really that pissed at Netflix, don't use it. Period. Use a different service instead of supporting them by borrowing it off a friend, as they are also giving them money (and support) , too via their subscription. revbones How is using their service for free "supporting" them? They aren't getting any revenue off you if you're not paying them. Saying you're supporting them by not paying them is a little stupid don't you think? xyz lol. So by your "logic" a person who pirates House of Cards is also supporting Netflix ? BobButtons You're doing the opposite of supporting. You're getting the benefits of their service while stopping payment and adding to server load which they pay for. David Gabel So far, your stance is the only one that makes sense. The rest so far are noise Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 You seen like an incredulous douch who I'd suplex onto a park bench for being a lap dog bitch.How is canceling or stealing not doing something.Also,its not a fucking macbook jerkoff its a paid service for TV on a phone they expect to be paid for.BTFO David Gabel And you are a loud mouth keyboard warrior that loves to talk a big game, but in reality have little to no control over anything and use web forums to spout obscenities and violent threats to make yourself feel better. DJMix How is it only bobbuttons' comment that made sense? They all basically say the same thing. nagi Just another step that makes pirating the same content more convenient... we should really be going the other way if they ever want piracy to be reduced. lomsha Funny thing is their content is available to stream all over the internet. Don't see how this move fights piracy as long as computers have access. This just alienates legit users who are doing nothing nefarious on unlocked/rooted devices. Richard Branches By one everybody pays... Pathum Addarapathirana Dude I root my phone to just get iPhone emojis and to tether without my carrier knowing. Like I'm not stealing anything this will just make me stop paying for Netflix. Latheryin Just a heads up. Those treating hiding mods are fake. There is no way to hide if from the carrier. Heck if they wanted to they could see every web page you load from a ton of different places and ways. Yan Minari That’s why god invented VPN Latheryin Yes but even then it doesn't block everything. qqqqqq My provider absolutely blocks tethering - I've been using various methods, including VPNs, to block it for literally YEARS... Hasn't been difficult. Dylan Harris That's not true. All you have to due to bypass tethering limits on t-mobile is to change the TTL on the tethered device. Latheryin That just gets by the automated checks. Get a live person to randomly pick your account (not really likely but happens) and it is not had to tell if someone is tethering. Dmitri Smirnov All that person will be able to tell is whether customer is using a lot of data or not. And this is the root of the problem: be honest that you are limited traffic, instead of trying to play this game of "we'll pretent we are giving you unlimited data and in return you'll only use small-format mobile device, so that we'll hope that you won't be able to use as much of it". Kind of "all you can eat, but you have to only use a tea cup and one chopstick". Latheryin No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. Not only is that kinda dumb but it violate the fair use act in most cell TOS. If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. I know for a fact that there is a team for both att and Verizon that is tasked with just that. Dmitri Smirnov >No the issue is people being entitled and taking advantage of things. You have people running their gaming systems and using hundreds of gb a month. "taking advantage" I thought that people were in their right by using what they paid for. Allright, tell me this - is it allright for me to watch 4K video on my phone (since the screens allow it now)? What's the difference between this and me watching the same stream on my laptop over my phone's connection? What if I just redirect the video stream to my TV using WiDi or any other technology? How is browsing a site from a laptop different from browsing it from a phone network-congestion-wise? And then it boils down to the same argument - carriers are just hoping you'll use the network less from you phone device, as it's less convenient. The more convenient smartphones become for consuming large volumes of traffic, the sooner carriers will have to more away from this scan and expose the actual numbers. > If people didn't abuse the system then it wouldn't be an issue. If carriers would be honest and upfront about "hidden" caps, then people would not be able to game the system. > Also just some food for thought. If they can't tell anything more then a lot of data just how do they route the traffic properly? Make no mistake. If the carrier wanted to they could tell. Latheryin Tethering was never even an extra charge until people started taking advantage of the mobile networks. Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. Mobile networks were not designed for that type of traffic from a single device. Nor was it made to handle running your ps4 while you are gaming. Why do you think that pages are made to be mobile friendly? Not only is it a usability issue but a data usage issue as well. It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Dmitri Smirnov > Watching 4k videos is not a big deal, using 200gb of mobile data in a cycle is flat out stupid. a) I'm glad we're finally on the same page that the real problem for networks is data usage and not tethering or no tethering. b) You are aware that you're contradicting yourself in the same sensense? 4K 60Fps video bitrate is ~20-40 MiB/s which gives an average movie the size of about 72GiB. so by your definition watching a movie in good quality is OK as long as you don't watch more than 3 of them in a month. c) how is using mobile data that you paid for - stupid? If there are caps - announce them and make it impossible to go over them instead of shaming people who actually decide to take you up on your offer. d) tethering has not been an extra charge until telcos understood that they could charge extra for it (just like them toying with idea of charging extra for Instant Messenger traffic, because it undercuts their SMS plans). > It's not hidden. All people have to do is read the TOS. It's all right there. Yet most people just don't want to take the time to do it and then get made about it. Can't blame the carriers for that. Well, carriers are the ones calling their plans "unlimited" and hiding the actual caps either buried deep in the ToS or behind the vague "reasonable usage". So don't blame people for not wanting to wade through pages of legalspeak just to learn that you lied and "unlmited" is just "50Gb and then throttled". Fedup Agreed. The problem is the AMOUNT of data consumed by a given user account - no how it is consumed. If carriers are concerned about individuals abusing their network, then they need to flag those accounts that use an excessive amount of bandwidth - whether it's through tethering or directly on the device itself. I could easily burn through 150GB/mo on my TMO Note 4 w/o tethering simply by leaving my Blue Iris app connected and streaming 24/7. So it's actually very easy to abuse the system without ever turning on the tethering. Ravonus Damitri this guy is a nut ha... I agree with you 100% bro. Ravonus um yes you can fake it... Sure you can't block the traffic... but you sure can make it seem like the traffic is coming from your phone and not being used to tether.. Which is what these apps do.. SMH lol Latheryin If that is what you wish to believe. OK. Android Developer Is the tether solution needed even if you do it using USB ? Fulbring What a stupid move. I pay for the premium for Netflix and I never thought that I might have to cancel my service just because they did this. The only reason why I have root is because of AdAway and TitaniumBackup. I still use the stock OnePlus 3T ROM. Wasn't expecting this at all.... Kinda suck. Will be interesting to see how many customers they lose. Julian Berger Not enough to change it back... 4Ui812 DRM has no place in our lives. I suspect Netflix will have a change of heart within 6 months. Branko Xiaomi phones say bye bye to Netflix. Google go fuck yourselves. Steve_Jobroni Go fucking buy a windows phone. 天地人 Seriously though Windows phones are great. The only problem with them is the lack of applications. Otherwise, it runs great on low-end hardware, has a great UI, the homescreen is innovative, synchronisation with Windows PCs is cool, etc. dukaki Don't forget that you can use the Netflix website on Edge instead of their shitty app, and it streams at full 1080p, even on my L650 with a 720p screen. 天地人 Wait the Netflix application hasn't an option to stream at FHD? dukaki Nope, just 480p like on android. The device has to be "certified" and there are no certified windows phones afaik. The WP app doesn't even have downloads yet, I think. Edit: Just checked, no option to download here but you can on the desktop app. EowynCarter Might end with a visit at the apple store in my case. Windows phone is kind of not supported anymore. Jimk4003 This is Netflix, not Google. Cyber_Akuma Google invented this SafetyNet crap, let anyone use it for any reason (Hell, Pokemon GO of all things started using it), and over the last year have been making it even more and more strict and unforgiving. So no, a HUGE part of the blame does lie on Google for being openly hostile towards rooted users and not giving a damn about them. Jimk4003 There are legitimate reasons to use Safetynet to check the integrity of a device: Android Pay (or banking apps in general) is one example. It isn't necessarily hostility to root users; it's just a reality that Google need to be able to demonstrate to banks or other third parties that their OS is secure, and that people can't bypass built in security safeguards. Netflix need to do the same with the studios they redistribute content for; and they've chosen to use Safetynet to do it. Netflix isn't a human right; you have no inalienable right to root your phone and to use Netflix. Cyber_Akuma Except that not even my own banking app uses SafetyNet, it still has root checking and certain sensitive features are disabled if I am rooted, but not the entire app. Furthermore, it IS hostility to rooted users, because anyone can toss SafetyNet into their app for any reason whatsoever (such as games using it "just because" in case of cheaters... which doesn't even help at all to stop them). Google has been completely unwilling to work out ANY sort of compromise or method that can keep a phone secure without basically tossing rooted users under the bus. Jimk4003 What sort of compromise do you envision? Cyber_Akuma I am saying that they didn't even try. PCs by default obviously allow admin accounts all the time, even as the main user account (as much as that is not recommended) yet can maintain security. Google when they were confronted with people who were hurt by SafetyNet, legitimate users mind you, basically just shrugged them off and didn't even bother considering what could be done to allow the device to remain secure while also having such safeties in place. I mean, all these apps that you can use on your phone, can also be used on a PC, many of them available in either a browser or native app format, yet it remains secure. There is no reason this could not be done with Android, especially considering it used Linux as a base, they are just refusing to even consider it. Jimk4003 Don't you already have that choice? Your phone is sold without root access (i.e. no admin rights), and you can then choose whether or not to root your device and gain elevated privileges. If you do choose to root your device, you will lose access to some Safetynet enabled applications. You can, of course, unroot if necessary. Cyber_Akuma First of all, not all phones are. Especially in non-US countries. Second, it shouldn't have to be a choice. How many PC apps refuse to run under an admin account? Practically none. I shouldn't have to choose between having root access or being able to use a apps that more and more are starting to add this nonsense to them. Third, it's not even just root, even having an unlocked BOOTLOADER now, even if your rom is 100% stock and unrooted, can trip SafetyNet, it didn't used to be that strict. It's ridiculous to claim one should be able to have one or the other, even SafetyNet could have been designed to not be this brokenly strict, but Google had no interest in doing so, and they are rapidly making having root more and more useless while we still have to deal with all the junk they force on your phone from the manufacturer... that you can only remove with root. Jimk4003 Well, it is what it is. You believe you shouldn't have to make a choice, whereas I believe life is all about making choices and living with the outcomes. We seldom get everything we want, and neither Netflix, nor rooting, are inalienable rights. Whether or not you think it should be a choice, it is one; choose what you feel is best for you. Cyber_Akuma That's not even an argument, that's just trying to claim that the status quo should remain for no reason other than it is the status quo. It shouldn't have to be a choice, and arguing that people have to choose between root and having an increasingly less amount of apps just because "it is what it is" is insanity. In fact, it wasn't even the status quo before until Google started pulling this nonsense with SafetyNet a short while ago. That doesn't mean people should just accept it. Jimk4003 It's not an argument, because there is no argument to be had. The reality of the situation is self-evident; you can't have a rooted device and install Netflix via Google Play. Accepting the status quo has nothing to do with it; it's simply acknowledging reality. You have to choose what's more important to you; Netflix or rooting your phone. Finding the reality frustrating, as you clearly do, won't make it any less real. If this was a serious discussion on human rights; censorship, migration, justice, gender equality etc., then it's important in a democracy to be aware of your rights and responsibilities, and challenge the status quo where necessary. But this isn't anything like that. This is two for-profit corporations, Google and Netflix, who provide services to which you have no fundamental right to access, nor any obligation to use. You can choose to pay for their services and accept their terms and conditions, or you can choose not to. You don't get to pick the terms and conditions of the service someone else is providing you; however you are free to not use the service if you don't like the terms and conditions under which they are provided. That's it; it's no simpler or more complicated than that. Ranting on the internet about how unfair you perceive it to be is irrelevant. Again, it is what it is. Cyber_Akuma Again, there is no "it is what it is" argument. There should be no choice, PERIOD. You are basically saying that people should not complain about this just because "it is what it is". No, it is NOT what it is, it should NOT BE what it is, and people can and WILL complain that it SHOULD NOT be what it is. You aren't even making any rational arguments anymore, just re-stating what the current situation is and then basically claiming that people should not want or expect better. Jimk4003 You can want or expect better if you like. Netflix, like every other for-profit enterprise in a capitalist system, will either succeed or fail based on its ability to turn a profit. Right now, Netflix is turning a profit, and clearly thinks it can be more profitable by excluding rooted users whose theoretical ability to circumvent DRM restrictions may impact its ability to secure rights to new content. Clearly you disagree with their stance, and the only way to see for sure if your disagreement is warranted is to watch their financial performance from here on out. None of the above changes the fact that you aren't entitled to Netflix. You've chosen to root your phone, and Netflix have recently chosen to exclude rooted users. That leaves you with a choice to make. Even if you think that choice is unfair, even if you think you should be able to have both. The reality is you can't have both, and you will have to choose. Again, Netflix isn't a right. Go elsewhere if you disagree with their business practices; that's how capitalism works. Beyond that, you're just having a spat with reality; and that's a tough fight to win ;) Cyber_Akuma Actually, what do you think would lose them more profits, the theoretical minority OF a minority that MIGHT rip movies on their phones (which still requires a Netflix account in the first place) or blocking that 25% minority? Also, drop this "right" nonsense. No, seriously, drop it right now. People are paying for a Netflix account, they DO have a right to get the service they paid for. Netflix made zero warning or mention of this impending block, they pulled it out of nowhere for paying customers. So sorry, but they DO have a right to the service, since they are paying for it. Sony was found to be legally in the wrong when they removed the OtherOS feature from the PS3, because why? Because people PAID for the console when it had that feature, they DID have a right to what they paid for. You're just having a spat with arguing for argument's sake when you don't even have an argument. Jimk4003 There is no argument; it's the reality of the situation. Netflix have implemented DRM controls that block access to the Netflix app via the Play Store on rooted devices. I do understand why Netflix want to tighten their DRM procedures, and I do understand why some people have been left frustrated by this change. The reality is, however, if you want to download the Netflix app via Google Play, you will need an un-rooted phone; such as the phones used by the majority of Android users. That's all that's happening. I get that you don't like it. But stamping your foot and shouting 'no fair, no fair' achieves nothing. Netflix are entitled to run their business how they see fit within the law; and consumers get to choose whether they want to give Netflix their business or not. That's all there is to it. Don't like the way Netflix do business; don't give Netflix your money. Cyber_Akuma All you are doing with the "it is what it is" argument is just repeating what the article is saying. That is not conductive to anything. Anyone who has read the article knows what is happening right now. And sorry, but you are doing the same stamping your foot with the "well, it is what it is" argument. Not to mention that you are also wrong, because over the last 5 or so years ALONE there have been dozens of examples of consumers speaking out against policies or DRM and the companies begin forced to reverse it from the backlash. So you are doing nothing but hurting legitimate users by trying to argue "it is what it is". And again, no, they are not entitled to run their business in a way that without warning locks customers out of what they paid for, Sony tried this... and got in legal trouble and lost. So sorry, but you are wrong, and you have been nothing but wrong this entire argument. Netflix isn't' "entitled" to do this, people DO have a reason to complain, there IS a reason to complain, complaining HAS changed such practices before, and all you are doing is further hurting legitimate users by attempting to insist the "it is what it is" non-argument. Your entire argument has been fundamentally wrong from the start. Jimk4003 It's not my argument; it's simply Netflix's position. I get you don't agree with it, but it's totally valid for Netflix to wish to strengthen their DRM procedures. You do know I'm not responsible for Netflix's decision making, right? It is what it is; I wouldn't get too upset about it. Cyber_Akuma Again, "it is what it is" is not a valid argument. Jimk4003 No it's not an argument. Again, there is no argument necessary; the reality of the situation is self-evident, and no amount of arguing here will change it. The fact is this; YOU rooted your phone. You weren't forced. You should have known that by rooting your phone you are modifying the device beyond its factory specification. You should have known that this essentially makes you responsible for the proper operation of the device; you no longer have the device manufacturer or Google to turn to when software that you have modified doesn't work as expected. You should also have known that rooting prevents a device from complying with the compatibility test suite, and that this can affect your devices ability to function correctly. You should have been aware of the SafetyNet API, and anticipated the fact that this API would be adopted more and more broadly as Google promoted its usage. You can't blame Google for this; as before, once you modify your device beyond its factory spec, you're responsible for supporting yourself. Rooting a device is at the owners risk. You've now found yourself in a situation where a modification you have made to your device prevents you from accessing a service you want to use. That's on you; no-one made you modify your device, no-one said they would take responsibility for the changes you have made to your device, and rooted users are expected to assume liability for any ramifications and complications they face as a result of their decision to modifying their device. Netflix are well within their rights to enforce DRM on their product by using the SafetyNet API provided by Google, and the Google documentation clearly states rooted devices will fail the CTS check. This documentation is publicly available. You went ahead and rooted your device anyway. That's on you. It's no-one elses job to make sense of the decisions you have taken. You're free to carry on using Netflix if you return your device to a state where the integrity of the device can be verified. Or you're free to carry on using a rooted device and living with the compromises that entails. Your choice. Cyber_Akuma I don't think you get it. All you are doing is parroting what the article is saying. Furthermore, despite there being plenty of examples of complaining doing EXACTLY what you claim it cannot do, that is to change such decisions, you keep repeating that "complaining will do nothing". You are a broken record, arguing the same "it is what it is" argument over and over so you can avoid actually thinking. An argument (and yes, no matter how much YOU stomp your feet that it is not, it IS an argument) that has already been disproven over and over and over. You also ignored that there are many countries where phones are already sold rooted, or how such things don't effect using such services on a PC with admin rights which are the same thing, or the dozens of other holes in your logic large enough to sail a ship through. There is no "you should have been aware" because this is a total lapse in common sense and my device is in no way incompatible from a hardware or software level, but rather, the app is purposely rejecting it. Furthermore, they made no prior warning whatsoever. This is like arguing "you should have known modern cars could be remotely disabled" if a dealership decides to just disable all cars with an aftermarket radio installed. I don't know where to even begin with all the broken wrong logic in that last post. Why are you even here if you couldn't care less? You are free to carry on being a living example of "First they came", but don't come crying about how nobody else is listening to you because you could not possibly be any more wrong. I DO have a right to use Netflix on my device, rooted or no, if I am paying for it. If you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right to root their devices, if you argue against this, you are wrong. People DO have a right (and have many many MANY times in the past) to challenge the "it is what it is" status quo, if you argue against this, you are wrong. And I know you WILL argue against this, which will mean that, see above, you are wrong. I have been more than patient with your insane thick-headnedness. At this point I can't tell if you are being willfully ignorant or really are just that ignorant. Or just trolling, that is an option as well. There is no way anyone rational at this point can continue to argue the insanity that you have argued. Jimk4003 I interpret personal insults as an indicator that the individual making them no longer has any faith in their actual arguments, and so I think it's time to call time on this particular discussion. As you've pointed out, neither of us is getting anywhere. It's been fun, but once it starts getting abusive, the fun has to stop. It's a shame, because DRM Vs individual user rights has the potential to be a really interesting discussion topic. I hope you get what you're after; and that the reality of the situation will change to be more in line with what you think it should be. Unfortunately I imagine the situation regarding DRM and rooted devices will only get more restrictive going forward. Take care. Cyber_Akuma You purposely instigate people into losing their patience with you, and then claim "I win because you got angry", especially when the anger is because you were refusing to understand the entire argument throughout this entire mess. My1 even if you dont have any right to access netflix, the whole point of netflix and others is making it easier to use those than to do piracy but when netflix goes around branding the rooted users as pirates and blocking them, they sure arent helping their purpose. especially if netflix is (I dont have it so I didnt try) runs on VGA and DVI Screens (no HDCP) where you can just capture the stuff. I mean it's say same withz Bluray Playback on PC, in addition to needing a Bluray Drive, you need an HDCP Compliant Graphics card, bus encryption, and HDCP compliant Monitor, and not to forget You Piece of PowerDVD which you have to upgrade (aka buy again) every few years because the older versions dont get Key Updates. and then we have stuff like unskippable trailers and all the other bluntly said Bullshit when dealing with that. of course Piracy is easier, just download the file and play it on any device you want, no internet and nothing required and no problems. My1 and even if one piece of software wont run in an Admin account, with LUA even on Admin they arent having and privileges unless you kick in the UAC, and to top it, even if the app wont be running if I force it as admin, and only runs with active LUA concept, I can still run anything else as admin and screw the other software running as normal user over (cheatengine is the perfect example for this) Richard Markert Root is, by definition, unsecure. Any time you have userland processes that have access to ring0 you are inherently unsecure, as there are no restrictions placed upon running code at that point. Cyber_Akuma And yet, there are ways to run it securely on PCs. Netflix and online banking would not be available on PCs if it wasn't. My1 well but from another side, root can also be used to just patch any holes that were there. actually happened a few times before. My1 banking apps dont have a reason for a root check if they are done properly, i.e. TANs are generated with an air-gapped extra device. TANs on the phone are in general not safe and if the TAN is able to be generated offline, someone could use an exploit to root, steal the secret for TAN generation and boom, it's over. and dont even start thinking about sms-TAN, it's even worse. also when I just want to look into what my account is doing, I am not happy when I cant do so. My Bank (Hypovereinsbank) more or less recently blocked root and well I just RootCloaked that thing into oblivion and can do my stuff. but I'll probably change anyway since they sadly have no good way of TANs (just paper-based list-TANs, SMS and app) TedPhillips mostly agree. by providing a turn-key 'lockdown' check, and further by ret-conning it into playstore access (let's see how far they take that) -google is now openly hostile to anyone who bought into android for it's ability to customize and truly 'own' your own device. the open source roots of android was a big differentiator vs something like iOS, but now that they have dominate market position - they are walking away from that without concern. (only worrying about how slow they need to boil the frog to get away with it) meanwhile, what middle manager is going to say 'no' to adding safetyNet checks in their app or play store listing? it is an easy way for them to write down on potential risks, unjustified (which it pretty much always is) or not. blindexecutioner So the solution is to install from outside the play store. That's great for security. Way to go. Richard Markert No they don't. Since Windows 7, new and default users are not Admin accounts. koiulpoi Sorry, this is absolutely wrong. The first user created on a Windows PC has full administrative access, limited by UAC. You can still delete System32, it's just mildly harder than it used to be. If "new and default users" were not Admin accounts, they couldn't install software, so... Richard Markert Default user accounts are higher than Limited accounts, but not as high as Admin accounts. That's why they can install software. Linux users are not admins but can still install software, right? It started on Windows 7, expanded in 8/8.1 and now in Windows 10 a user account behaves just like a user account in Linux. It has no access to %systemdir% unless you manually go in the folder properties and give your user account Admin permissions to it. You can still run things AS admin by giving the permission at runtime, but since all that requires is pressing a button (if your built-in admin account isn't passworded, which it isn't by default, one step forward two back, sigh) and most users are too "stupid" to simply not press that button. koiulpoi It's really funny when people speak authoritatively about something they're so wrong about. The first account created by the Windows OOBE is automatically added to the Administrators group. This means they're an Administrator. They have Administrative privileges. The fact that certain actions are blocked until you click "yes" on a simple UAC prompt doesn't stop this; they're in "Admin Approval Mode", which can be disabled via GPO if you care to. If you buy a computer from Dell (example), set it up, then go to System32 and start deleting .dll files, it'll ask for administrative privileges, but you can click yes and away it goes! Some files are protected at "SYSTEM" level, which is higher than administrator, but DEFAULT USERS ARE ADMINISTRATORS. This has ABSOLUTELY nothing to do with the "password" on the built-in "Administrator" account. That account is disabled out-of-the-box. Please, you're digging a bigger hole trying to look "right". How to prove this: Set up a new computer. Set up user default for MS. Start -> Run -> netplwiz -> Be amazed that your user is part of the group "Administrators". TechGuy22 Haha kodi Doesn't matter to me I Stopped paying for Netflix long time ago. C64 Haha Teranium TV 😎 TechGuy22 I like that too. You can even get the mod one and remove the ads. Lol C64 I know, i always use those. I want to pay for the dev, but there's no option to do that. Koko time is coming with a big update to tim242 Thief. Renato Santos This is stupid. Congratulations, Netflix. Jan-Lk Else It is also getting more and more necessary to unlock / root devices due to missing updates etc. But I'm not a Netflix customer and won't become one. C64 Whahaha, this has to be the most retarded move of the year in any category (even Trump can't top this). I'm glad i don't use Old Crap Flix. A Person Hillary, then Netflix. C64 Nope sorry. Since Trump is your president i can't take America serious anymore A Person Timeout, you're not even a US citizen? No interest in your opinion. James F Wow. Just wow. I can't take you seriously either if that's how you treat people. Not cool, man. A Person "Wow, just wow"? When he can vote in our elections I'll take his opinions of our elections seriously. It is highly ill-informed anyhow. Paul Sterling A person wins! Marcelove Timeout, you are a Trump supporter? No interest in your opinion (neither anyone smart in the world). Roy Riddex Just so I'm clear on this, by unlocked are we talking about SIM unlocked? lomsha No no, unlocked bootloader. Roy Riddex Thanks Corbin Davenport Unlocked bootloader. pbergonzi I wonder how long they'll stick with that premise seeing as how much public opinion expressed here is against them. Screw them. Get the APK somewhere else or install magisk and hide your root. Too many people root their devices and have a good reason for doing so and Netflix should not penalize them. Doby Gillis Dude, normal people don't give a fuck about rooted phones. It's just the elitist twats who do it anymore. twiz0r Dude, you're an elitist twat. Richard Markert Most people who root seem to be. The sentiment among rooters is "if you don't root your phone, you're not as good as me and don't deserve to have a phone. Root you stupid noob!" twiz0r thanks for confirming your twatness. good day. C64 One word ..... Bullshit Corey Kinard I've yet to see that... Maybe you just feel like that because they do in fact know more than you? Richard Markert My first version of Android was 1.5. I've seen it for many years. How long have you been in the scene? My1 well at least a rooted phone is objectively better than a non rooted one, but relatively and subjectively speaking, if a non-rooted phone is good enough for someone then let it be so. EowynCarter My phone isn't rooted. And not compatible anymore ! Franco Fassio Unlocked bootloader maybe? EowynCarter Yes. But seam I can't lock it without wipe. So screw you Netflix. Marcelove Let me guess, your profile pic is that right? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0f0c4f3e3ce40074aebfe58d80511d4a0b7d4a94896ce54d82e448a1cd2e3ceb.jpg bruce lancaster Dude. It isn't just rooted phones - Also unlocked. Elitists get their iphones and galaxy s8s from att and verizon. Normal people get their devices from amazon, ebay, newegg, gearbest etc. Jimk4003 I'm sure Netflix are terrified that the tiny fraction of Android users who come to this site, and the similarly tiny fraction who root their phones, are bothered. The rest of the world won't care. bruce lancaster An article in Wireless Week (cellphone industry rag) a couple of months back says it's now a majority of phones in Asia that are unlocked and Europe is getting pretty close to 50/50. US passed 30% unlocked around Christmas. People aren't getting their phones from ATT, Verizon, etc any more now that they have to pay full retail and don't get a free or heavily discounted flagship device with contract renewal. They are getting them from Amazon, Gearbest, Newegg, etc and moving their sim. If I owned stock in Netflix right now, I'd sell it quick on this news. Everything that isn't already mobile is going mobile. Alienating half the European market and 30% of the US market is asinine. Fedup Yup. Ditched my flagship Samsung phone for a 'budget' Moto G5 Plus that is 100% compatible with all four US carriers (and their dozens of MNVOs). Swapping providers is as easy as changing the sim. And despite the slower spec'ed hardware, the carrier bloat-free Nougat is WAY faster than my TW Galaxy phone - and the battery life is INSANE. C64 Probably 90 % of the people don't know what root is. Almost every person I know owns an Android device, but i'm the only geek who flashes and roots his devices bruce lancaster It isn't just rooted phones but also unlocked phones. Got your phone on amazon? Got it on ebay? Got it from gearbest? Got it from newegg? Yup. No netflix for you without jumping through enough hoops that you'll actually know about rooting by the time you get it done. Fedup Are we conflating a carrier-unlocked vs. bootloader unlocked phone? They are two distinctly different things, and I doubt that having a carrier-unlocked phone (i.e. using a TMO phone on ATT, or VZ on Sprint) has any impact on SafetyNet or Widevine. pbergonzi Judging from the posts here it looks like nobody who roots their phone uses Netflix anyway so I guess it's moot. But the outcry sure did get them a bunch of free publicity. T4rd This is what Magisk is for. Pretty sure if I can still use Android Pay with my rooted 6P, I can still use/update Netflix through the Play Store. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Magisk still requires that you unlock your bootloader, which is enough to trigger safety net these days, so that won't work. TechGuy22 You don't know how magisk works do you Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ I understand that Magisk is a great tool for modifying my system without actually modifying it. I understand that there are many modules that allow you to do things like hide root, bypass security modules, skin your system, and plenty of other things. What I don't understand is how you can install magisk without unlocking your bootloader. Back when I originally tried it out with pokemon go, it worked well for a while, but eventually even just having my bootloader unlocked was all it took to throw SafetyNet. If that's not an issue anymore, then great! But maybe say that instead of being snarky. Thomas Gladdines Bootloader can be simply locked after rooting and installing a custom recovery. Edwin O. Lol no You could, but then you can't flash anything with said recovery... So no point Thomas Gladdines LOL the recovery doesn't stop working after a bootloader is locked, only fastboot won't flash images but the recovery can do whatever it wants to, update the rom, edit system files etc. Thomas Gladdines That's nonsense, the recovery works fine with or without a locked bootloader. Only fastboot won't work but that's only needed when you don't have a custom recovery to flash images. Muzzy996 Well as an example for the Google Pixel: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=71901761&postcount=454 In this case all it takes is a kernel that supports Magisk and hides the fact that the bootloader is unlocked, at which point with Magisk Hide enabled all root and SafetyNet checks pass. Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Excellent. I'll have to look back into this then, last time I used magisk it wasn't as capable, glad to see it's come this far. sbeaulieu Magical Hide is there for that Devin Rodriguez ✓ʳᵃᵈ Can Magical Hide hide that my bootloader is unlocked? Serious question, not being sarcastic or snarky as I was below. sbeaulieu It does make the SafetyNet check pass iJeggu Magisk itself doesn't hide an unlocked bootloader it only hides root but must custom roms simply delete the verifiedbootstate -flag which in turn makes safetynet pass even with an unlocked bootloader. Some older devices don't have this flag in their kernels in the first place so safetynet will accept that the flag is missing. Link to the patch that most custom roms (kernels to be specific) have to pass safetynet: https://github.com/sultanxda/android_kernel_oneplus_msm8996/commit/abc05b16bbd33521c2fffaf491c5657a94bfcfc5 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5b1ff3f47e32d5f57ddadcd650a5b94725bd4e6242cea92e269f51e988d0d426.png T4rd Except it's working for me right now... jonzey231 This has been happening for a week now. I tweeted it to Ruddock a few days ago. Just didn't put together that it was because I was unlocked. https://twitter.com/jonzey231/status/862122438125072384 steelew Google really needs to start stealing from the root community the way apple takes from the jailbreak community. It feels like rooting is way down except for a few (legal) use cases. If it weren't for visual tweaks & usability tweaks, I would have no need to root (personally). This kind of stuff starts to make rooting unpleasant. I already can't use fingerprint auth in my banking app any more because root. Jesús Cuenca They do. I used rooms for like 8 years maybe? And a lot of the "new features" always come of the rom or root comunity. Right now i use roms, but not root. Marcelove I'm trying to stay indoors, but is complicate... Greenify for example, works at no root devices nowadays... But is way better with root and Xposed... Doze can't compare against Greenify... Maybe at version number 20 root wouldn't be necessary... Sandeep Raghuraman What about the version downloaded from Amazon app store though? Does that work fine? TwoBit Gary It worked, but it is old version without show downloads. Go to apkmirror oculairmedia Interesting move. I flashed a custom ROM on my Nexus 6 because stock was so slow that it was getting unusable, but screw me right ? Atoqir In my country lots of stuff doesn't work on unrooted devices. My bank app, payment app and local cable TV and digicorder app all stopped working. Also s-health doesn't work anymore and soon Netflix. Time to unroot Marcelove "Time to unroot" Sheep. Richard Markert Rooting is insecure. You don't need to access the system partition except to break things. Benjamin Walburn If that were the case then this wouldn't be an issue. Nobody is looking to break their phone. Richard Markert Few people I've talked to online know what they're doing when it comes to root. Most of those end up breaking things. Rooting is far too easy and probably shouldn't exist at all. Benjamin Walburn You could say the same about anything, not just modification of phones. Maybe you shouldn't own a car if you can't fix it yourself, or have kids if you aren't a doctor. Rooting isn't easy, it's made easy by the hard work of other people. It's not up to you what other people do with their property, you have no right to say that they shouldn't. And if someone breaks their phone, what does it have to do with you? It's their hobby and their phone. You're not their daddy. senoredusty Or use Magisk DJMix No need. You could use magisk su hide for the moment. it still passes the safetynet. I too use a banking app that cannot be used on normal root proocess faceless128 "please stop giving us money and use Kodi instead" Sounds like a great business plan! JD For the sake of Kodi's developers don't say Kodi in that context. ericshmerick Hrmm, every time I hear Kodi, I think of pirated content. Guess when people are like "I use Kodi for my 30TB media collection" I stop and wonder how... Yes, ripping a lifetime of DVDs, but nah. Probably piracy. C64 I know a few how really use it legally Powsniffer0110 Yea I use it legally 95% of the time. ErectBipedal nah man, I use Kodi to browse my 30TB of linux isos. Totally legit I swear. Chazz Matthews Torrents are legal too. Just depends on the content. Mike Honestly though, if pirate add-ons wern't available on kodi, 98% of the people using it now would not have even heard of it before. Even bad publicity is good publicity. They are not going to publicly come out and say it, but the add-on's are the only reason they're well known. Andy Roid But kodi makes piracy so easy! Blian Oh god, please stop. Nobody is using Kodi for their DVD rips. Railwayman I rather say Fusion and Exodus et al instead since Kodi is... Kodi and you have to install what you want. The Netflix business plan is for her more people on Exodus, Phoenix and SALTS - not to mention Terrarium TV and MovieBox as well. Kevin Strident Kodi is open source. If Kodi stops wanting to be as useful as it is now, someone will fork it and keep it doing what its users enjoy. cbstryker Kodi is just an open source media player. To watch any pirated content you either need to download it or install an unaffiliated plugin that streams from pirated sources. C64 Next kodi wil have drm build in. So people have to use forks. I stopped using kodi since i found Teranium TV. cbstryker That makes zero sense. Kodi's reason for existing would stop. C64 That's BS my friend, Kodi (xbmc) has started on the original xbox and was made and used as a media player My1 actually it depends on how the build the DRM, if it's made to be only active when you are for example streaming netflix and does nothing for local content, which for sure can be legal (e.g. ripping DVDs in finland is no problem because CSS is not considered an "effective" protection method ever since 2007) although if the DRM would be everywhere it wouldnt be funny. Justin D Same...but with Plex and something else >.> Dany Lol I know right? I was using Kodi more than Netflix anyway so... Dmitry Stepanushkin Xposed + RootCloak or something similar will do it for most of apps for those who need root. So I think not a big problem. Abhishek Saral Not a big problem but a big annoyance. tehboogieman Hmm, rootcloak isn't working for me with netflix m477 No, it won't work. Safetynet always fails if you have closed activated, or if you just have an unlocked bootloader. Sometimes even by just having adb debugging turned on. My1 debugging is a joke right? If it's not WHAT ARE THEY DOING? I mean debugging is a core part of developing and any developer probably has it active m477 I've only seen it working like that once, so it might be an isolated case. Kan☆n MagiskSU and its manager app comes with a very good hider built-in. No Xposed needed. h4rr4r Beyond pointless. Netflix won by being easier than piracy, this threatens to turn back the clock on that. Lexster These companies don't seem to get that most people pirate because it's easier/cheaper than buying what they want. Yes, it's wrong, whatever, the point is streaming services made it easier for people, which outweighed the hassle of pirating it. You're right, this kind of thing is what will get people to start doing it again more. BobButtons If I can't use Netflix on my rooted phone, it's Netflix that'll go, not the root. They're encouraging piracy. Actually l like bezels Why? What do you get with root? BobButtons Primarily for system level ad-blocking. None of the non-root options can even compare. I refuse to allow ads when they have the ability to fill the entire screen and vibrate the phone. Even with being able to block ads, I still purchase the ad-free option of apps I support. Matthew Wilson Updates. Security updates. DJMix What do you mean what do we get from root? We get everything! Everything! YaKillaCJ Exactly. Screw it, I only have Netflix for convenience. This will also have negative impact on many devices and average consumers even if they never unlock or root. A lot don't have Google certification, such as upcoming OEMs. Then theirs beta roms like Xiaomi and OnePlus that run awesome. Marcelove Funny thing: I was about to become a subscriber of Netflix after seeing House of Cards by PirateBay but now through the official channel because I thought that Netflix deserved my money... Look : deservED... But this movie will keep me at PirateBay... Funny thing 2: I have a Moto G5 that I could unlock and root and I didn't it just because I wanna see how things are nowadays without root... And I use a lot of apps that would work better with root (Greenify for example)... So I would be able to use Netflix... And I won't and will stay that way only because this douchebag move... Congratulations Netflix... Funny thing 3: So happy that I waited till House of Cards release to become a subscriber... Netflix should learn something from Frank Underwood... And from Blockbuster... tim242 Yeah, sure you were. Once a thief, always a thief. koiulpoi This is the most untrue statement I've read on this website. Thomas Elephants can fly 天地人 http://gadling.com/2012/06/10/airline-transports-herd-of-african-elephants-photos/ koiulpoi Nice! You matched it. 天地人 Yes, because illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad? You're not supporting the creators of the show, sure. But you're also not supporting the 6 Jewish companies that control 90% of American media. Anyways, with your little money you wouldn't be benefitting anybody. Do you honestly think those Jewish companies are dying to get a hold of your $120 you payed for Netflix this year? Probably not. The creators of the show, are well off anyways. Don't companies pay them to have their content on their platform and pay for their production cost and wages? Then; they've already been payed. I'm not endorsing piracy. It isn't the best thing to do, but I think calling people a "thief" and grouping them with people who have actually stolen things off individuals which mean a lot to the individual and murdered some individuals in the process, is just stupid. It's not the same as 'stealing' bits of 1s and 0s. Again, I'm not endorsing piracy, however there are a lot of good reasons to pirate movies and TV shows. Paul Sterling You're a thief. People leave their families for months to give you works of art. Games, movies, music. You can't throw them a few bucks? I'm legit, always will be. Also, tax helps everyone. Your wall of text is just trying to convince yourself, thief. 天地人 Nope. A thief is different from a pirate, besides, they've already been payed. And I was talking about TV shows and movies, but you're too dense to realise it. jj14x Not the same. If I spend time writing code for software, and decide to sell a monthly license instead of a perpetual license, that is my choice. Your choice should be to either subscribe to the monthly license, or to find a competitor software to use instead. Choosing to bypass the licensing checks makes you a thief (taking something without the owner's permission makes you a thief). And same logic applies to TV shows/movies. If you want to own the movie and watch it whenever you want it, BUY it. "illegally pirating from huge corperations which constantly attempt to and successfully brainwash people into agenda using various tricks, is somehow bad?"<-- YES - it is still illegal. Just because somebody stole your car doesn't mean you can go and steal that person's car in retaliation. There are laws and procedures on how to handle that. STDog Illegal != bad, legal != good. Thousands of unjust laws have been passed. They made actions illegal that were not bad. My1 well yeah if you actually bypass the thing you are a pirate (not a thief because stealing != illegal copy) but branding people pirates and making the software refuse if something that MIGHT be used for piracy is on the device isnt not better. 天地人 Theft is when I take your bike and it's gone and you do not have a bike anymore. When I pirate, are you losing your software or your right to sell your software? Plus, if you actually developed software, I'd probably pay for it since you aren't some big corporation. Richard Markert It's trickle-down, man. Think about if everybody thought like you. Netflix has 100 million subs and each pay at the minimum $107/yr and that's 10.7 billion. Now if that 10.7 billion were wiped out in an instant, how is Netflix going to make new shows or seasons of existing shows? It's the same with the rest of the content creation business. You and me, we're just a drop in the bucket when it comes to their revenue, but instead of scooping it out a spoonful at a time while adding water by the cup, somebody dumped the bucket over, there would be no money left to pay the content creators before content is even made. 天地人 Of course it depends on what you're watching. The same ideology cannot be applied to everything. Railwayman I guess you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock in? The only moral of the story is: Pay for legit services then and watch posted content - the creators get paid and you get proper content without restrictions. The day the industry realize that DRM, geo blocking and so forth are counter productive will be historic. My1 well I would and I do give my money for legal media consumption when possible but when some things have region locks, meaning I cant import them or other stupid Ideas like Netflix not doing rooted devices, I certainly wouldnt like giving money for something I cant use. My1 not really. I have streamed and/or downloaded stuff in the past (coz not available here) just to buy their blurays years after when it finally came to germany Fedup Love my Moto G5 Plus. Best phone I've had so far - and that's coming from a number of Samsung flagship phones. It's so much snappier and the battery life is insane. I waited a full 48 hours before caving and unlocking/rooting. Haven't looked back. I hate ads, and w/o root, you can't miracast to anything other than chromecast. Trysta Noticed this a little while ago. The crazy thing is I'm not even rooted or interested in any mods. I needed to sideload the latest version 7.1.2 because my RMA Nexus 6p refused to update on its own. I'm keeping the bootloader unlocked so I can recover if my phone boot loops. I rarely use Netflix on my phone but this is kind of annoying. I suspect this has something to do with offline movie watching (which is amazing). jj14x You don't need to unlock bootloader to sideload the full OTA images that Google publishes on their website. Tim Harman But you do need it to recover in your phone bootloops, as he said. jj14x True, but by that logic, everyone should keep their phone's bootloader unlocked all the time (because a bootloop, in theory, could happen to anyone/anytime) - not just when flashing a factory image. My1 but doesnt the actual unlock wipe everything? EowynCarter You don't ? Had to when installing a developper preview. Then I left it that way, so I won't be locked out in case of boot loop. TedPhillips or when you have some random block on disk get corrupted, ala nexus 9. ilovetesla Dumbest blocking I've ever heard Bruce Wayne I stopped rooting ages ago. Android has gotten so good that I don't need it anymore. Muzzy996 Good for you! Not everyone feels the same though, I know I sure don't. Tasker, Adaway, Greenify, Titanium, Substratum and GMD Gesture Controls are all more important to me than Netflix. The day Netflix stops working on my rooted devices (which are what I watch it on, not my TV) is the day I'll cancel my service. No big loss compared to losing root. Richard Markert Tasker is interesting but never felt the need for it. Adaway, titanium are both irrelevant on my S7, I despise gestures beyond simple swiping in the Cardinal directions, and if stock Android is so perfect why do you need to theme it? C64 I have a s7 edge and the stockrom is full of bloatware from Microsoft, Sansung and Google. More than 20 useless apps are included. So yes the s7 needed root. tim242 Wrong. Package Disabler, no root required. Richard Markert No, it doesn't. Everything not necessary for function is disableable. C64 You can't disable everything Muzzy996 Never said android is perfect, if it was there wouldn't be any competition in the market or users such as myself who feel the need to customize Android. Root is not something I push onto others, its just something that I want on my devices and I make choices about what services I use or devices I purchase based upon my ability to do it. Railwayman I take that you like ads, then? Using a non-rooted Samsung without Taller would be like using a feature phone again but with ads. Having an automated device without ads and bloat is certainly a basic requirement to me. Richard Markert Adhell and Disconnect pro. What's an ad? Railwayman I don't see any ads on my Ericsson GF388 either. Don't have to install a single piece of software in order to get there. Ericsson win, Samsung loose.:) Your Samsung still has Google ad services and so forth running even if you are blocking them on the "non root level". My devices are completely ad free with Google ads disabled system wide and in all apps. Samsung loose every time even if their followers are trying to find different "non root methods" to "solve" things that other devices do without any issues due to... root. kostas110 maybe if you use some 500+ euro smartphone from 2016-2017 something that not everyone can do C64 I disagree, Android is one big advertising if you don't use root. Apps have ads (not every app has a pro version), internet browsing sucks without Adaway (build in ad blockers in browsers aren't great), YouTube really sucks if it isn't modded (watch a 30 second ad for a 3 minute movie). And devices are full of bloatware that can't be removed without root. Even the Google stuff are bloatware (kiosk, movies,music,books etc). I also like to remove alot of system apps and replace them with my own apps that i prefer (file manager, agenda, email, music/ video player) and i really hate duplicate apps on my devices. Also Titanium Backup is important to me. So Android​ without root isn't Android for me. jetscreamer01 I use adguard to block stupid ads in my apps. Now using any commercial apps is enjoyable. Richard Markert Samsung's Internet has the Adblock extension and it literally blocks everything. I also use Disconnect Pro and Adhell for system-wide ad blocking. Titanium Backup I never really used even back when I was rooting phones - it has been replaced 100% by Smart Switch. But then, I haven't needed to restore a backup (except for switching devices) in years, probably because I don't run janky community junkroms. Muzzy996 The only reason you feel that Smart Switch completely replaces Titanium is because you never used other features of Titanium that go beyond what Smart Switch is intended for. Things like shortcuts to freeze/defrost apps, multiple version backups or market management are useful to some even if they're on rooted stock OEM ROMs. They're not must haves for the masses though but some of us do appreciate their usefulness. Cyber_Akuma I hate this response. If anything, I have found far more reasons to root than ever before. Being able to create a backup image and install security/tracking software tat can't just be wiped/uninstalled easily is a big one for example. Captain_Invisible But you don't even need to root to get blocked. Just using a custom ROM or having an unlocked bootloader triggers it.. DJMix I really couldn't understand these kind of stupid moves. I mean I kinda get for an Android Pay or some banking apps to implement these limitations. But seriously, a frickin' streaming app? Afraid they're gonna get pirated? For someone who's going to pirate, they probably could just probably reverse engineer the apk and remove the limitations or basically use older apps. Do they really have some idle engineers that they're forced to implement useless feature? ddevito Guess I'll just pirate it all soon. Their loss. JD Fuck Android If OEMs would fucking provide updates for 5 years I wouldn't need to unlock my bootloader. I'm out. I'll come back when Google fixes this shit. Also fuck Netflix. Back to pirating it is. Christopher Bement My app stopped working on my N7 when I sideloaded 5.0. Got an error when trying to play anything. I went and dropped it back to stock on the latest patch and relocked the bootloader. All working fine now. Too fucking bad, Nougat is fantastic on that device, leaps and bounds better than Marshmallow. tehboogieman Which ROM and which N7 do you have? I still have the stock ROM on my 2013 N7 LTE and have been procrastinating loading an N ROM on it Christopher Bement 2013 LTE version and I was using Nitrogen OS (fantastic and stable ROM). I am now on the latest Marshmallow just so that Netflix will work. tehboogieman As long as I can side load it and sign in I'm still ok. It's a pain, but I'd live with that. But if NF blocks root users from signing in, I'm definitely cancelling and just use one of the very easy pirate apps. Fedup As long as you can side load... Sure. But going from "hidden app in the Play store" to "sideloaded app won't run" is probably on the menu. Wayne Randall I just signed up for Netflix so I could cancel it. I'm part of the group. tim242 You paid them... Richard Markert Hahahahahaha I don't even use Netflix on my phone (screen is too small) so I don't care. But man, the tears and butthurt from the root community is hilarious. Benjamin Walburn You're a very petty child. Richard Markert When something makes me laugh, I point it out. I do that even have a dog in this hunt. I only watch Netflix on my 75" LED TV. I'm just tired of root users smugness. Almost as smug as apple users. Benjamin Walburn You're tired of people being smug in their hobbies, so you gloat about the problems inflicted on them pointlessly? Petty and a hypocrite. Richard Markert What else am I supposed to do to remove the smugness? My name is…. Get a life maybe? Benjamin Walburn Why should you? Is another person's happiness really that painful for you? You already know that they accomplished nothing more than "successfully followed instructions." It seems like your purpose would be better served by targeting that, not just being a jerk. Humbling them is one thing, being an ass is another entirely. tim242 You sound like the petty child. Stomp your foot, becauseyou don't get your way. Benjamin Walburn Not only am I not doing that, I'm not not getting my way, and "stomping​ my foot" is not an example of pettiness. Your wrongness-density is impressive. My name is…. Who beat you as a child? Richard Markert Lol koiulpoi You're on androidpolice.com... making fun of the root community... and unable to see past the end of your nose... Don't you have anything better to do? Richard Markert Actually, no. I read Android police because they have the best coverage of software. koiulpoi I didn't realize I replied to you twice. You're all over this article, with really, nothing better to do, huh? Richard Markert Yeah, I'm bored. I'm probably done stirring shit up anyway, today is water change day on my fish tanks. lomsha Tard Railwayman Are you one of those Samsung Apologists that argue against root and proudly tell everyone about the perfection known as Grace UX... just to install Package Dsabler Pro because... something disturb all "perfectness" of their system? Trying to be an "anti-social elitist" is like proudly use Simple Finder on a Mac and tell everyone that you don't need the regular Finder.;) Richard Markert I use Samsung, but only because it offers the best mix of software and hardware for me. And package disablers are garbage. Railwayman I avoid Samsung like a plague because of Knox 0x1 Warranty Void, Grace UX (TW...) and pretty ugly hardware not to mention the software design, which looks like a cheap toy, both colors, design and all S-This and S-That they preinstall. Don't forget DT Ignite so the carriers can add their share. It is always amusing when the Samsung Apologist proudly claim how good it is to live without root and how "mature Android has become" when they are talking about a heavily modified fork of it. If Samsung could replace Google Play with Galaxy Apps, they would. The only thing restricting them from further modification is the CTS in order to be able to use Play. An unrooted Samsung running Grace? It would be like having a feature phone again. Way too many annoyances and no way of making it more pleasurable since the whole thing is... Samsung. The only area where there are some reminiscence of Android is under the About box. Samsung is a disgrace not to mention a complete parody on the concept of an Android device. Not to mention their followers who recently "spotted" the bezel less display (introduced by Sharp and LG followed by Xiaomi) because... the S 8 got it AND suddenly made it a "requirement". The most kind thing I can say about that brand is this: Samsung is for the Android device and platform what McDonald's is for the thing called food.;) There are way better devices available. Buying a Samsung is like getting a Big Mac (the difference is that the Big Mac buyers doesn't claim its superiority - while Samsung buyers always try to claim how "superior" their devices are). Richard Markert Everything in your first paragraph is purely subjective. I find the design of the Pixel to be ugly, boring and derivative. AOSP design language doesn't appeal to me. I also think Samsung's software suite is better than Google's. My 935U doesn't have DTIgnite, but my 935V does...as does the Verizon branded V20, Moto Turbo2, etc. DTIgnite is a Verizon thing. Bezel less phones are sexy, for sure. That Sharp device was a Sharp device, and the Xiaomi has a CDMA radio so I could use it on Verizon , but just can't justify buying a thousand dollar device from China. It is stupidly gorgeous though. I use Samsung because I like the software design. I like the functionality of the base is and apps, and I like the S-app suite. I really miss my Note 7, and I'll be swapping up to a Note 8 when it's out. Don't get me wrong, Samsung phones have their negatives - chief among them is the fragile design and the screen edge touch rejection sucks ass. But for me, the positives outweigh the negatives. Other phones have bigger negatives for me. No IP68, no uSD card, no wireless charging, no SAMOLED display. Phone preference are always subjective. Somebody will always have a reason to pick one over another. Tell me, if Samsung is a "parody" of the concept of an Android device, what is your description of the perfect Android device? I'm guessing it's the Pixel. Railwayman Pixel is an ugly iPhone clone. The best Android device so far would be something like a Xiaomi Mi Mix running Resurrection Remix or similar ROM or something like a Mi Max but with perfection added through a Snapdragon 835, 256GB storage plus microSDand 6-8GB RAM paired with a 1440p 6.44" display or even 4K. 5000-6000 mAh battery. My Xiaomi Mi Max is excellent but would be even better with the aforementioned hardware (I can't fault is existing hardware but I am taking about a new model). A keyboard flipcover would be a great accessory as well. There are no device yet worthy of the perfect moniker yet but my Max is the best thing so far in my collection beside the Nokia Communicators and HTC TP2 and HD2 and also the Xperia Z Ultra when I do the holistic judgment. IP68? Sony all the way to me if I really insist. MicroSD? No need for a Samsung in order to get it. Yes, Samsung is a kind of a parody of an Android device die to their heavy modifications, restrictive policies, low price /performance ratio, carrier branding and Knox 0x1 Warranty Void. The upcoming OnePlus 5 looks promising - they usually get their things right. MicroSD on that one as well.;) If Samsung make a device without any BS such as restrictions, carrier links paired with good price / performance ratio I would be interested. Let's call it a Note Pro. What I don't like with Samsung are all Apologists making excuses for their policies. I have nothing against them as a company or production. They can make excellent products but their policies stop them right now. It is too much McDonald's mainstream and too little class at this time. Carrier devices are typically too mainstream than the unlocked ones. My1 well knox flag is annoying but I honestly like my Galaxy Note 4 which is the last good Samsung in my opinion becase anything later either doesnt have microSD, doesnt have a swappable batter or doesnt have both (Galaxy S6 for example) but these are 2 very important things and I really like some parts of the samsung rom, although a lot of other parts (e.g. the launcher) are junk and get replaced instantly, also root makes the thing work as I want. and well many non samsung devices use the on-screen navigation bar, one thing I despise after having a horrible experience on my tablet. and (at least outside of samsung) the fiun goes on with removing the headphone jack which is something on my absolute instant KO list for phones. I dont see the point of a digital sound connection on a phone because sound itself is analog by definition and I think the DAC in a multi-hundred euro device is better than in some cheap headphones. and not to forget the features. samsung had many features WAY earlier than AOSP did, which certainly doesnt make it so much better at least from this viewpoint, although aosp is certainly getting better with every version. but even though I like my note 4 I must say that it is by no means perfect. everything is better and worse than others if you put the right requirements in. MadMartigan What are are you, seven? me me A primary reason to root is to run adblock because Google is way too greedy. So the irony, Google's greed means there's less reason to pay for NetFlix. Let me guess... shall we? Google Play Movies still works right...? Oh yes, so long as Google makes their money.... tim242 I block ads with Adguard. No root required. Mike | Homeless On Wheels People still use Netflix? Bit Torrent is your friend. dizel123 Exactly. Everyone should stop using Netflix. Not sure how I'm gonna get the shows i currently watch on Netflix from bit torrent since they won't be made anymore once Netflix is shut down, but at least I'll have my bit torrent friend tim242 Some people like to do things properly. Railwayman You mean - Do it with DRM? You can't buy whatever device you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the system you want because a content provider disagree. You can't use the app you want because a content provider disagree. I need a lot of apps, ads and limitations for the so called "proper way" . The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. I think I prefer to do things "improperly". Richard Markert >The "improper way" is Samsung free, ad free and bloat free - and I don't need several apps because I have just one or two streaming apps, one media player, one book reader and so on. Fast and efficient system to boot. *sigh* I bet you think deleting the APKs from /system actually gives you more space in /data, too. Railwayman Perhaps you can tell me the benefit of having Kindle, Kobo and Nook instead of MoonReader for everything. The benefits of having an uprooted system, Netflix, Hulu and a couple of apps for different cable services instead of having just one media center would also be interesting to know more about. When we are at it: Why would I want to use a 3GB+ Samsung ROM when Resurrection Remix are 600 MB and the G-Apps around 340 MB? Richard Markert I dont use any of those. Phones are too small for media consumption. I don't have any video streaming or playback apps on my phone. Nor do I have book readers, but why wouldnt I want Kindle? It's the only way to access the Amazon library... Oh wait, I forgot, you do that believe in compensating content creators. Resurrection remix, really? If I put that on my S7 edge, I'd be wiping out half the hardware's capabilities in one blow. No Samsung pay, no edge panels, no pro mode camera, no AOD, no game tools, no GearVR. And im sure none of the little things I've come to expect in my UI, like direct calling and sliding a contact to call/txt. But I can move the clock to the other side of the notification shade, woohoo! Oh and does the installer for RR rom repartition the file system? Because if not, /system will still be 3gb, not 600mb. And on top of that, I'm immediately reminded of iOS when I looked at their screenshots. Railwayman So RR looks like iOS? Interesting. It looks like Android with Material Design on my device. I buy Kindle books but send them through a plug-in since the Kindle app pretty much suck in comparison with MoonReader. Sometimes I also buy from Google Play Books and it is also a trip through the plug-in for them and then into the MoonReader library. You see - DRM is a stupidity that must go way unless they create a device wide scheme so any app can authenticate and show or play back the content. I understand that Samsung phones are too small for media consumption. A 6.44-7 inch display is different - it works comfortably without the heft of a 10-12 inch tablet. Small displays below 6-6.3 inches are just too small. So your listed features of your Samsung are hardware? They certainly sound like software to me. Or do you seriously believe that Samsung use co-processors in their device like Commodore did on the Amiga? I can assure you that your Samsung contain standard hardware with a lot of subcontracted components, especially in the US market where they even use Qualcomm CPUs. Samsung Pay? Why would I use an OEM dependent payment system? My credit cards follow a standard, why should I pick myself into a specific device OEM just to pay? It makes no sense. It is like having a car that only runs on Citgo gas or a 4" Visa card requiring different terminals than my 4.5" MasterCard. Mobile payments will be a thing when a standard are in place. Payment systems requiring me to lock myself into a specific OEM just suck. Edge panels? Don't see the need. Don't like Edge displays with their optical side effects. Flat display or just slight roundness on the edges like the BlackBerry PRIV here. Pro Mode Camera? I prefer to have the Open Camera API so any app can get RAW from the sensor and do their thing rather than locking myself into the default camera app. I prefer Camera FV-5 or A Better Camera etc. The Snap Camera is good too. Always on display? Can set it up on my device but don't see the need when there are things such as Active Display and a lot of other options. Game tools? I don't see any problems with gaming on other Android versions so I just don't see what Samsung can add in this regard. Gear VR? Why would I want to strap my device to my face when there are dedicated VR headsets available for gaming consoles and computers? I certainly prefer to have a full headset rather than using my device as one. Call features? They could be good but carrier calling is old fashioned. I use Google Voice instead and wouldn't consider going back to carrier talk and text. Don't see any benefit with having a phone number tied to a carrier of SIM card. Having more than one for different purposes on the same device without SIM dependency is the modern way. I don't know if RR repartition Samsung devices so you have to check XDA. That brand is probably the worst when it comes to ROMs anyway and a lot of my dislike of them are related to that particular issue. Samsung is nothing more than the Big Mac of Android devices and no Gear VR or Samsung Pay (it is like having a McDonald's Pay) really change anything. A mainstream device with mainstream design with too many round edges and corners not to say fragile, batteries that wear out fast due to lower quality and fast charge (which stresses the cells heavily), a software design looking "something" , bloat ware, carrier BS such as bloat ware and also the price model, Knox and root/ROM restrictions, locked bootloadern - the list goes on and on. Mainstream degenerated art is what Samsung represents. But I know the existence of people who don't believe in freedom of choice other than the freedom of buying their Samsung from their carrier and then happily oblige and reduction imposed to them all the way down to the SIM card dependent phone number and roaming charges when they travel.;) They also consider Samsung Pay to be the best thing ever - a payment system that only work on a particular OEM. It really is like a car that require Citgo gas and is unable to run on Exxon or Esso fuel. Samsung just are the Big Mac of Android devices. There are just nothing "classy" over such a carrier mainstream brand. If you want to know what luxury are? Look at Vertu. Richard Markert A 7" device is too small. My tablets start at 10" minimum , and go to 12" maximum. Content consumption is unpleasant on anything smaller, and I barely watch anything on a display smaller than one of my 24" computer displays. Yes, you're right almost all of them are software features, but they are locked out when you put a junkrom on there. And Samsung Pay? Well, call me when Android Pay is compatible with magstripe readers. My bank still doesn't support Android Pay that I know of, either. GearVR. How shall I put this? Computer VR is currently overpriced - unless you want to go ahead and buy me a $600 headset, a pair of controllers @ $130 each, AND you still need to buy me a $1400 PC to run VR titles at an acceptable framerate, because while my laptop can still run AAA titles at high framerates and 1080p, it can't do VR that good. My GearVR cost me $50, it's a convenience thing, every VR title is locked 60fps, the graphics are "good enough" and I can even take calls from VR with my Bluetooth headphones. I don't care about Google Voice. Or any sort of data-based calling. US data networks are still too unstable and limited. I am pretty much guaranteed to be able to make a call anywhere I can see at least the tiniest bit of 1x signal, but if the data network is gone, or you used all your gigabytes, you can't make calls anymore on your preferred number. A lot of these things you say you simply "don't need" them, and that's how I feel about root. And about pretty much everything you care about. I don't do ebooks, I don't do movies or tv, I barely play basic games. I do listen to a LOT of music though, and yes a lot of it was stolen from when I was younger and stupider and didn't understand that without compensation there will be no content. Oh, and BTW, Knox is a good thing. It's how I have system-wide ad blocking without rooting, and how I can have my Secure Folder. You seriously think Vertu phones are luxury? Classy even! Vertu are tacky, garish and gaudy. "Look at how much money I have." Nothing classy about that ugly diamond-crusted turd. Look, I really don't care what your choices are. I'm glad you have the choice to find a device that makes you happy. But you seriously need to stop acting like your choice is the only choice. It's not. And I hope to god it never will be, because at that point, Android will no longer be a platform that fits my needs and I might as well go to Apple. Because you see, what fits my needs, is a device that provides me with everything I have, out of the box, without having to modify it. Samsung does that. They give me everything I want, and nothing I don't. And when the Note 8 comes out, the S-Pen is going to blast it so far ahead that there simply won't be any other phone in the running, not even the S9. I would still have my Note 7 if they would let me. Railwayman Good that you have your Samsung. Also great that you have your 10-12 inch tablets. I assume you bring them everywhere? Very is easy more elegant than a Samsung. It doesn't mean they are the best but way better looking than a Galaxy 8, which I have been tried and I just don't see any reason to get it because of the way Samsung design things. You like to be locked down to a carrier. Google Voice work perfectly well here without any network problems. If the network coverage is so bad that modern services doesn't work I rather jump to a satellite provider if I really need the ability to call from the middle of nowhere. I wouldn't get VZW and eliminate my device choice site to them being very restrictive about what I am allowed to use. Having a carrier dependent phone number is very... 1996. I just don't accept such a limitation - especially not the thing called roaming. I just switch my SIM card to a local one and continue to receive calls as usual. The beauty of GV. If you think iOS is the way to go if Grace UX would disappear I think you should get the iPhone then. It seems like out of the box is the most important aspect. I just don't know any device that has an out of the box experience even close to my requirements. Samsung is certainly furthest way from them. I just dislike their devices because of their design, software, carrier affiliation and serious restrictions. They just feel like a budget device full of carrier advertisement and bloatware. Richard Markert I disagree with you in every possible way. Yes, I do take at least my Surface 3 almost everywhere. My Z10 LTE goes when I'll want to play games or watch Netflix on a tiny screen with crappy headphones. Vertu: You say elegant, I say gaudy, tacky, trashy and fucking ugly, like most things marketed to people with more money than God and less sense than a cricket. I don't know where you live, work, play or travel, but many times a year I'm driving in places, especially the highways, that will have no data coverage. It's that simple. All your google voice hijinks mean nothing when you have -100 dBm of 1x and the mobile data network is completely unavailable. I can still make and receive calls at that point, because Verizon, but you're shit out of luck because you only give people your GV (interface is barf, btw) number. Oh, and for the record, I just flashed the US Unlocked FW to my S8, so now I have no Verizon junkware or restrictions, like my S7e before it. And yes, at this point in my life, I'm sick and tired of having to do the software developers' job for them. When I was younger I found all that rom cooking, kernel coding, smali editing, adb pushing, su manipulating stuff fun and exciting, but now all I want is a phone with the features that I want that Just Works OOB. I also feel the way you do about stock android. It's design, included software, limitations and style are not appealing. And every phone is "a carrier advertisement", and has always been that way. Until the S8, every phone came with a carrier logo if you bought from a carrier. I get what you want from a phone, I really do. You want a basic device with no features that you can add onto to do what you want. But man, you gotta stop acting like you're the Westboro Baptist Church and Samsung is the homosexual community. Railwayman Samsung is not the homosexual community, right. They are the mainstream community where everyone eat at McDonald's.:) The homosexual community is more about being different rather than following the mainstream, i.e. the opposite of Samsung (it is hard to be more Average Joe adjusted than they are...). The day I really want coverage in "every possible place" is the day I get myself a satellite phone, especially if I am to drive in remote land where I can't rely on decent carrier coverage. Your attempts to put down Google Voice is amusing. Verizon are going to shut down their CDMA network and HTC U11 is already out, with support for their LTE but not the old fashioned thing also known as 1X.:) It is also amusing that you argue that hard against vanilla Android. Did you ever consider iOS or Windows Phone? If I would dislike vanilla that much, down to a dislike for Material Design I would switch platform immediately. If I don't like the system the way its creator intended it then perhaps it isn't for me and I switch. Relying on some third party OEM to "modify it to my liking" is a bit naive. A Samsung has something that is an "Android based OS" very much like Nokia X/XL had the Android based "Nokia Software Platform". I also notice your misconception about how other devices work. My device runs perfectly well. It just... works. It has a lot of features not present on a Samsung (yes, I have used the S 8/Plus), consume 0.1% per hour in standby, provide me 12-13 hours SOT and simply do more things than any "out-of-the-box Samsung" does and do them well. Samsung make pretty simple devices, with ill designed software full of bloatware and "added value" applications and services reducing performance and increase power consumption. I would say bling. Then we have other devices offering more useful features, higher performance, lower power consumption, more elegant design and so on. What they don't offer is the marketing known as Samsung. It's a good thing, actually - it leads to better value for money. BTW, Google Voice is simply a vastly superior service compared to VZW. You can start travel (out of the US) or trying to get your texts synced into your Google account with your carrier based service... Bragging about 1X is like bragging about EDGE coverage in... 2017. "My carrier is better than yours because I have 1X service on the soon-to-be-gone CDMA network on my Samsung and it makes it so much better than using modern IP based services! I am truly modern with my Samsung! My phone number is also controlled by my carrier and I must pay roaming when I travel, which is great - more money to Verizon! Much, much better than using GV on a data plan!" The day I need "coverage out in the nowhere land" I either get the satellite phone or some burner for that very purpose (it's a case of simply routing the GV calls to that thing). I know since before that modern communication services are a bit alien to proud owners of carrier branded Samsung devices. It is hard to think outside the box - much easier to just use Samsung with branding and everything.:) Good luck with your Samsung. Consider an iPhone next time. Apple has a new one coming and it can give you some taste of what being unlocked means (buy it from Apple Store). I think it can be enlightening, especially if you try the Genius Bar as well (i.e. better service than Samsung could ever offer through the carriers). Richard Markert I get it, you're a Google and Stock Android zealot. I read maybe 3 words of your damn novel. I do want you to answer this question without a dissertation And 500 page thesis: what are you going to do when you're in the middle of nowhere in a dead sport for data and your car breaks down? Railwayman The day I know that I will be in need for 1X coverage on Verizon I get a burner phone with such support before traveling. You make it sound like it is something really and truly unique with such coverage and that your Samsung is a marvel because it offer it. Verizon just introduced a flip phone with full support for their LTE network. So it doesn't take a Samsung to get there. The only requirement I have is tethering (if the purpose is to use the device of choice) - basic talk/text will do otherwise. So no, I just don't need a Samsung even in the "1X middle of the nowhere with a broken car" scenario. If it is very important with calling in dead spots - go and check Iridium, GlobalStar or Thuraya. I would go down that route in an instant if I really need coverage in "no mans land". So no, there are no single scenario where a Samsung is "needed" for whatever reason. Everything that brand can do can be done with other brands. Simple as that. Richard Markert Why do you always write a novel? We get it, you hate Samsung like Trump hates Mexicans. Shut up already. Railwayman I don't hate that brand is overrated and hyped. Mexicans are approximately 1286 times more sophisticated and polished than any Samsung. They don't even have Knox, which is a major benefit. Now go and enjoy 1X on your Galaxy. Don't forget the grave beer when VZW down, though. derp_cookies So I agree this is a dumb move but everyone is overreacting by threatening to pirate content. This is a niche problem as less people root now, especially since Android pay won't work when you do it. So Netflix isn't any less accessible than it was before. I watch 99% of Netflix at home on my Roku. Luxferro It's not just rooting. My Nexus 6P is running stock google rom, no root, w/ just unlocked bootloader, and netflix is gone in my play store. Not that I watch TV on my phone... but my shield tv is also unlocked... so it's probably just a matter of time. Roh_Mish Dammit Netflix, you make me want to go popcorn time route. My current primary phone and my iPad are what I use to watch netflix and both of them is stock so i don't have anything to worry about but this just feels wrong. Between this and Amazon not releasing the TV app for my sony TV, which they support outside, popcorn time (and in extension piracy) just seems easier. Vivek Rameses This is why we have piracy. Miguel Angel But ...why? occono Distributors want Netflix to stop any possibility of making DRM-Free backups on the content. Railwayman Good luck with that. If it can be played, it can be recorded. As long as the Netflix content is visible somewhere a copy can be recorded so again, good luck with blocking. Mariano Moreira Even more strange is while Netflix app is removed from Playstore, Netflix VR is still.in Playstore. Manually flashing Factory Image for Google Pixel is how I get me OS updates and I choose to leave bootloader unlocked, rather than relocking every month.(which would include full wipe) So I guess they don't care about security for the few users whom might use Netflix VR with Daydream compatible device? tehboogieman I'm not familiar with the Pixel, but almost every Nexus device lets you lock without wiping all your data. Maybe that requires root though, I really don't understand the details on how it works, but hopefully you can find a way to do it. Mariano Moreira To clarify: In order for me to install Factory Image every month, I need to have Bootloader unlocked. Doing the Factory unlock will wipe the device. Locking the device doesn't wipe the device, but Factory unlocking the bootloader will wipe the device. tehboogieman Yeah, sorry I wasn't more specific. I use an app called BootUnlocker. It lets you lock and unlock the bootloader without wiping at will. Since an app can do this, I'm assuming that it can be done via ADB. Also it might only work on older devices, but maybe there's a way to replicate this action on newer devices as well Mariano Moreira I don't understand why Google is promoting Security by having the device fully-locked, yet still relies on ADB fastboot unlock/OEM Unlock commands to flash factory images? saf1927 Why are using factory images when Google provides OTA images too, and these don't require an unlocked bootloader, nor a wipe? Mariano Moreira I am using Factory Images because I can choose to only use Bootslot B this way. Bootslot A on this current Pixel and the 3 before it has the non-working mic and no working headphone jack issue. I hear the issue is resolved on newer handsets, but have not RMA'd this device yet. I need the microphone and headphone jack, so letting the phone do an OTA and move me to Bootslot A is no-go. *I have N2G47O installed on both Bootslot A and Bootslot B, currently. Only Bootslot A has the audio issue even thought the exact same Factory Image is installed. saf1927 Oh, wasn't aware of that. Did it affect all the old devices? I got mine at launch but haven't experienced the issues you describe. Is there a way to reproduce them? I normally either take the OTA or flash the OTA images via fastboot. Mariano Moreira Allegedly only 1% of devices (I just have bad luck, I suppose.) https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsIW_gxTpXX3s/?hl=by I have posts around late November- early December on in that thread about mic/headphone jack issue My 1st device was fine until after the 2nd Update, but I had not diagnosed Bootslot A/B discrepancy. Wasn't until after 2nd Device (1st Replacement) that I have been able to always get Bootslot A to have faulty mic on my replacement devices. My Cousin and his girlfriend both have Pixel XLs. He had a dead Mic out of the box but currently neither his nor his Girlfriend's Pixel XL has mic issue. Even with forcing Bootslot A for a month of testing. I most likely have another faulty device, just this is my 4th Pixel from Google and everything is fine except Bootslot A. jdrch It's not just Netflix. The HDHomeRun Prime app doesn't work on rooted 7.0+ devices either. Jsilvermist Good to know, will no longer recommend Netflix to anyone when I'm asked... James F News flash: when you explain to most normal people why you don't recommend Netflix, they won't care, because it doesn't affect them. D13H4RD2L1V3 This is stupid. I had to root my phone to be able to hide the navbar at any time I want and also to gain better battery management controls and other stuff that I sorely wished Google had added to stock Android way sooner. And I was considering a Netflix subscription. No longer...... Sruly J I know it's not fully a solution which is "worth it", but the app Custom Navigation Bar offers the ability to hide status bar/narbar without root. Although like you said, you had other reasons to root, so... My1 yeah, I do root for theming and stuff, but srsly they literally are throwing oil in the Piracy and DRM discussions with this. Diar I pay for Netflix so I can watch the content any way I want guilt free, whether that's their app or other locations on the Internet. F their VPN blocking and DRM. If they make their app impossible to use, I just won't use it. They'll still get my money but they will lose any data/tracking since I'll still be watching their shows, just outside of their ecosystem. Dummies. ReedSolomon Between the SJW nonsense like Bill Nye, the ipv6 tunnel blocking (rather than simply defaulting to ipv4), increases in price, less and less quality content, and now this, I see little reason to keep paying for Netflix. robogo I understand Netflix' reasons, I really do - they need to protect their property and investment. But I can't really say I understand the way they're doing this. This is a good way to alienate the small percentage of power users who root their devices for various, but perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And no, this will not make me cancel my membership as long as the app works. Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. D13H4RD2L1V3 I personally just find it a dumb move. Seems like an easy way out. Dmitri Smirnov > perfectly valid and understandable reasons. And what reason would that be? Preventing people from ripping their content? Doesn't stop them in the slightest, root-detection in circumvented rather easily as well as safety net, we have PokemonGo to thank for that - a lot of people were motivated to crack it and they succeeded. > Cancelling membership is a silly, overblown reaction to what is, in my mind, a minor nuisance. Cancelling membership is valid form of feedback to the company, that trying to tell it's customers that they are not allowed to own their device that they paid their money for, if they want to watch a movie. robogo You misunderstood, it seems. A perfectly valid and understandable reason to root one's device would be, e.g. Xposed framework, theming support, tethering, backing up stuff with Titanium Backup, etc. Please read my comment once again. EowynCarter Well, if and when it stops working on my phone, what will be a major nuisance. robogo Agreed. I'll have to find another way then. But I'll deal with that when the time comes. Manbearpig I member when netflix released there app for Android and they did the same thing. I would just download the app and be good to go. After awhile though I stop rooting I miss it sometimes Cyber_Akuma I warned people when Pokemon GO of all things had a surprise update that silently added SafetyNet that this garbage was going to become more and more common. Mario RUN uses it too, and now Netflix.... soon apps everywhere are going to add SafetyNet and block rooted devices as standard practice. Google has been incredibly hostile towards people who actually want to own or have control over their devices or even their PC Software over the last few years. And over the last year google has been making SafetyNet more and more harsh, now even tripping if your BOOTLOADER is unlocked even if your phone is not rooted. Pokemon GO and Mario RUN were a small crowd, but I hope after Netflix of all things starts using it (and make no mistake, this is just the beginning) that people will finally push back against Google's hostility towards rooted users. EowynCarter Yeah. Or I might seriously consider going the iOS way. Though iOS would pose other problems. (Bye paylib) BillPosters I rooted my Android phone to get rid of the annoying camera shutter sound, and to prevent apps from stealing my contacts, and to basically take control of my device rather than letting Google run the whole show, and because of that I can't update Netflix? Good riddance Netflix. iKon I'm pretty sure you can go in the camera settings and take of the camera shutter sound?.... .. In some region-specific firmware versions or certain devices you can't do that. Railwayman There is a better solution: Declare the device a DRM free zone and use everything else. DRM to me is "Don't Restrict Me!" and an excellent reason to give certain companies the middle finger telling them to just go and F themselves. The most ironic thing here is that removing Netflix or using DRM otherwise doesn't stop piracy. On the contrary - By buying and using DRM content you get to travel in the cargo hold with no heating while the pirating consumer get first class service: more content, no restrictions, no copyright trailers or ads before the movie start and stop on. Even better: They can use whatever apps or ROMs they want. Would I unroot my device in order to get DRM content onboard? No way!!! If Netflix are so scared - block the client on Mac OS X and Windows et al. Piracy doesn't usually happen with an Android device as a source but rather computers and HDCP rippers. Another thing also to the DRM companies: Everything that can be played back can be recorded! (Good old piracy saying) Netflix out, Fusion with Exodus, SALTS and Phoenix in. Kodi with Rapier skin is much nicer than the Netflix client and Trakt integration make this way a much better one than going down the DRM route, sitting with an uprooted stock ROM and Netflix.;) TechJunkie198 ? netflix isn't scared. the studios require the drm. and netflix isn't concerned with the small percent of users who root their devices. Railwayman Doesn't matter. Go and enjoy your DRM services.;) DRM is a pest and that is why the pirating community offer a superior product. It is easier and more hassle free to just put Netflix where they belong and use Exodus et al or MovieBox or Terrarium TV and so on. To those who now consider unrooting because of Netflix: Just don't - use other services instead. Richard Markert So when everybody takes your advice and uses a service that doesn't compensate anybody in the content creation business, and all the high-quality media is gone, don't go crying about there being nothing good to steal anymore, k? Railwayman Even better: DRM and proprietary vendor lock in are scrapped and replaced by standards. If they want some kind of protection - make it device wide and linked to the account signed in so playback works in different apps - only thing needed is to call the system wide authentication system. I am against DRM and vendor restrictions. Original content without any of the BS is what the world need. Piracy is a symptom of several problematic things such as geo restrictions, root restrictions and the failed idea of the "right of no distribution" - i.e. the content exist but stubborn companies deny distribution using silly arguments. I always remove DRM from purchased content in order to have full control including the basic right of using whatever app or equipment for playback. Richard Markert Start developing the solution, and start a content creation company that can compete with the big boys when it comes to quality content. Or, you can sit around and whine online about the content creators not wanting the people who don't follow rules to play in their gated sandbox and get mad when you crawl over the fence. Railwayman I take that you like DRM and proprietary vendor lock-in. It is easy to avoid the gated sandbox so no need to whine. It is easier to just fire up Exodus rather than relocking the bootloader and flashing a stock ROM or remove SuperSU in favor of Magisk just to be able to get Netflix. DRM is such a waste of time. It's not necessary to develop a new service since the content are available DRM free already. Standards for media and books etc does exist or did you miss EPUB, PDF, AAC, MP3, MP4 and so on? Perhaps you prefer such a format as ZNO or Apple modified EPUB that only works with iBooks? saf1927 Magisk seems to do the trick. Helios What about my non-rooted OnePlus One? It's also listed as incompatible.. '-_- 天地人 Don't OnePlus devices run a custom ROM and have unlocked bootloaders? Android Developer How can they block people who root the device from installing the app? The play store doesn't have this filter. Maybe after the install they do this check? Richard Markert If you're really an Android Developer, you would know that SafetyNet is what's doing this "behind the scenes". Android Developer I'm talking about the article. They say that Netflix blocks rooted devices, and I know that this isn't an option on the developer console. Google doesn't have anything related to rooted devices there. Ezio I have about 200 original blu-ray disks, go to cinema, and I'm Netflix subscriber. Now I won't get app updates (or even worse I won't be able to use it in the future) just because I like to use my custom rom. Thank you. This is really a bad move. AdjustedFlow I thought netflix was about providing a better service than piracy. Now they're literally pushing me back to piracy. What the heck? Dany If for "root" they mean administrator privileges, don't we already have that on windows 10? So why Netflix doesn't block desktop version too? P.S. by the way...whatever man! I was using Kodi more than this crap anyway... Miku is Best Vocaloid This means Netflix won't be getting my business anymore. Paul Sterling No worries here, when you're legit. Take my money, I'm not cheap. Give me a service, I'll pay you. I don't need to rob. What am I? 13 living with my mom using Napster? Naw, grew up. Don't have any Tim foil hats. My wallet grew up too. ast00 This is a dick move that could have been avoided. If they want us to pirate their content instead, we will pirate their content. We tried doing it the legal way, but they didn't allow it. Their problem, not ours. EowynCarter Umf. **checks google play ** No longer compatible with my nexus 6 . But nexus 4 still ok. For crying out loud! I'm not rooted or using a custom ROM. Pyramid Power netflix is just losing money. it's saying to those people, 'go to thepiratebay!' RemiV2 I guess I'll just keep torrenting then. Thanks, Netflix. Lawstorant Magisk stan dex 97 new dark web premium links . also included are netfix lifetime membership links as well as graphic Live chat links (use anonymously) https://satoshibox.com/axbr7vnm6ifzk8hwtcreoe28/buy Linus Monie If you are this afraid of someone potentially fiddling around with your code, the problem is not the 'fiddler', it is your code. Netflix is a client app. If I can, with a rooted phone, fake my subscription, or somehow cause a major security issue, that is not a problem with me, that is a problem with you pushing out a vulnerable app to millions of users. Sure, it would be my fault for exploiting it, but there is no-one but you who managed to put the problem in place. A CLIENT app should not be anything but a front-end representation of an API run by your servers. The CLIENT should have nothing but a CLIENT ID to use with the API. The CLIENT should NOT be able to change JACK SHIT with the API, it should only be able to get search results, get access to encrypted streams, etc. If your client CAN change JACK SHIT (which one could assume is true, since you are so actively hiding your code) then you have a major security vulnerability... This is a problem with your code, not anyone's rooted device... Hell, you don't even need a rooted device to access the applications code, just download an APK of the app, extract it, and decompile it... Jesus netflix, get your shit straight you bendy pos... My1 I think their problem is rather that rooted users *might* be able to capture the decrypted stream using root or whatever and they are afraid of that. although on PC you have admin permissions and netflix has no problems iirc. Linus Monie Yeah, exactly, its not like people will prefer to pirate the stream on their phone (at least I wouldn't...), so that was my first thought of why they made this change. Now that I think about it though, its probably not so much of a Netflix decision as it is a licensing issue with one of their "film sources". (can't think of a better word for it rn..) Licensing issues are a bitch when you need to adapt to as many as Netflix has... My1 yeah true. pirating on phone makes (quoting austin from game theory) NO. GOD. DAMN. SENSE. I mean I dunno whether you can automate that so good and/or get it fast enough, especially with the relatively low storage, no LAN capability and so on. BahnStormer Netflix is used more on tablets and TV boxes, these tend to be used for several years longer than phones and even Google now only updates their devices for <2 years (Samsung / streamer manufacturer's do this even less!)... We HAVE to run the likes of Lineage if we want the devices to be secure! Bye bye Netflix, even Amazon Video lets us use rooted devices! jcopernicus People don't understand IP and lambast a company protecting it. Of course. My1 I have never tried but if netflix can run over a non-HDCP connection like DVI or VGA, there's literally no reason to use a phone for piracy. RemixedCat well they got rid of 5 star ratings, deleted tons of shows I was in the middle of, and the roku app is hella slow and takes 10 freakin minutes to load (by comparison my OS install from power on to desktop was 8 minutes on my samsung 850 500GB SSD!!) Tobi I'm running LineageOS on my Oneplus One to lengthen the lifespan of my device. Why must I be punished for that? I'm going back to pirating content. StankyChikin Possible that the movie industry is pushing this? SkullOne Shhhhh. Don't use logic here. It's not allowed. It's simply easier to blame Netflix and believe that they have a vendetta against the teeny tiny, itsy bitsy amount of root users out there! StankyChikin Forgive me plz lol username_not_valid This isnt about Netflix, its about its content providers. There is this notion that you can copy files and therefore pirate content if you are rooted. We all know its rubbish, Netflix probably knows its rubbish, but that doesn't change anything. If Netflix wants shows, its has to abide by its license agreements. There is really nothing Netflix, Amazon, Sky or any other streaming service can do about it. The fact that almost all pirate content comes from PCs and HDCP by-pass devices doesnt mean a thing. TedPhillips at least in practice, unlocking your bootloader/being rooted has no impact on your widevine support level. now, i'm not sure if the oem could supply a high-level drm library on a pre-rooted device, due to agreements, but modification after the point of sale is a different matter. meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ Richard Markert >meanwhile, keep on streaming netflix on your 'rooted' computer - gasp!~ I don't even need an admin account to steal Netflix on my PC. Since the Windows 10 app and browsers BOTH work over analog, all I need is an inline box with a DSUB VGA connector and simply capture the entire output from the VGA port. My1 or use DVI if possible, even better. Valerie Frye-Preter Did they do this because of the stolen season 5 of Orange is the New Black? TedPhillips wasn't that stolen before it was available for streaming? so i don't see how it could be. TedPhillips when the device can be retroactively uncertified, as safetynet mutates over time, that's a step beyond the usual forced obsolescence of artificially short software support windows. now instead of buying a new phone every 18-24 months, it could be literally whenever they feel like moving the goalposts. Mike Hunt I don't understand. I am a Netflix subscriber, but will probably have to unsubscribe now since I bought a rooted Chinese mediabox for my TV. This sucks, as I liked and supported NetFlix's business model. Richard Markert Which box do you have? Mike Hunt One of these https://www.aliexpress.com/wholesale?catId=0&initiative_id=SB_20170514131212&SearchText=media+box+mini+m8s Brock Reed I'm not even getting the "not compatible" message, it's just not showing up at all. Ajmobileguru First DirecTV Now and now Netflix. I dont see the point. As if rooted users were pirating the streams or movies. Rooted users on non-nexus/pixel devices already were getting only 480p because of widewine crap and now this. Anunnaki This is why people switch to apps like Popcorn Time and Terrarium TV. Biga173rd Popcorn time still works? Anunnaki When I last checked few months ago, it was working. No idea about the current situation though. Biga173rd Okay Erin Andrews Oh that's easy, they block my device I cancel my subscription. Say goodbye to my 15 dollars a month. piggynuts Stopped playing Pokemon, stopped using Snapchat, next to go is Netflix. I refuse to say bye to root. BobButtons Magisk. While some say it's hit and miss with Pokemon GO (idk, I don't play it) it's never not worked for me with Snapchat/Android Pay/Mario Run. cliff_dangers Why does everyone freak out about a rooted phone but my PC which is wide open is not a problem? What makes smartphones so special? Doro Manekia ΝετΦλξ Ανάθεμα σου.Χα χα χα Το Μαααακα. Bewear I am not that upset because I rarely use Netflix on my mobile, I am upset because this kind of blocking will become a trend. BoFiS ugh, fuck you, Netflix, I pay for your serve, LET ME USE IT ON MY PHONE A.M There are some many ways around that LAME NETFLIX - Showbox Kodi Firestick with Kodi I can't see the point of Netflix when we have so MANY better apps out there that kill Netflix ErectBipedal That'll teach them filthy pirates for trying to pay us money!.... wait.... -Netflix probably Zxyon Rhysivz What could users with unlocked/rooted phones do with the Netflix app that other users can't? Loco Mole Netflix content isn't that much better these days, so if they choose to distinguish themselves by being a d*ck to consumers who care about using our devices the way we want to, then f u too, Netflix, I got plenty of other legit streaming content. Fedup Let's see... Piracy: $0.00, no ads, no DRM, no device/location/time restrictions Legit: $$$, ads out the as$, DRM limiting options, shows locked to specific devices, locations, etc. Keep on making the decision easier for us, Netflix. xyz Fortunately, the Pirate Bay is accessible from all devices and regions without any geo-blocking. berserksgangr Well, my Nexus 7 with Lineage it's not working even without root (error 9) Nick Riley This is utterly stupid! Corvus Dove Remember that time that making things more difficult for software and media pirates through DRM while possibly messing with legitimate customers paid off and prevented piracy? Me either. Asbjørn The problem here is that most users root their phone to get the updates that their OEM doesn't want to make available. If Android had proper updates, rooting would not be so necessary. Patel Nisha Root user here. How do I use Magisk for this? I have it installed and new to the Magisk(haven't had a rooted phone in a while)? Keletor Does it stop you from sideloading it? I mean really, if you are rooting your phone you most likely will find a workaround. Luxferro Not yet, but you can be sure the app will stop working in the future. Znuff The download feature is not working for me anymore. And the 5.x app is not working at all, just says I need to install the 4.x one (redirects me to the download page) Tim Get Roku tv or a fire stick cause no issues there and it isn't through Google then Biga173rd People still use Netflix? mlauzon And this is exactly how you piss off your end users! Doug Rogers I guess I'll have to unroot - whoops, Android 4.2 Awesome. Luxferro Don't forget to leave your 1 star review. Links to both apps (Android TV and the normal Android app) https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.mediaclient&hl=en&rdid=com.netflix.mediaclient https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.netflix.ninja&rdid=com.netflix.ninja Yoda’s Spirit Seems they keep cracking down on anything Open internet related! The only way I can watch overseas now is using Mediahint.com - nothing else works. Luxferro Just use usenet. They are forcing their legit customers to piracy... DDS This move will not stop people from pirating their content, it will encourage it. Exactly the opposite of what they're trying to achieve. But tell that to the a**hats who control the money... Ubelsteiner And thus, Plex and Kodi become even more popular, as Netflix drives a nail into it's own coffin. Znuff http://i.imgur.com/LG3dXc4.jpg http://i.imgur.com/eNeuPCD.jpg Can not use the latest version on my device, it sends me to download the 4.x version. When I try that, the latest 4.x version has Downloads disabled for me (it used to work on this device). US Patriot No worries. I can live without Netflix, but I will NOT live without full control of my devices and data. Ricardo A. Fragoso For those who want root at all cost there's still a chance to get movies with ChromeCast Support... Google "TerrariumTV". :D You are welcome. :D Sir Doogie Houser M.D.Esq. 200 Mobile devices are now a vice.The rules,whether stringent or lenient,if there's demand,the market will fill the demand.Plain and simple.So to Mr.Gable,your wrong buttercup. Nick Coad I can guarantee you that Netflix doesn't make these choices willingly. The production companies they purchase shows off are notoriously backward when it comes to technology and unfortunately Netflix relies on them to survive. Kevin Davis So I can't update my Netflix app on my unaltered Google Store Pixel XL. FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye, you SONS OF BITCHES. Signed, a former longtime top tier subscriber, until, as of now. Once again, so there is no doubt: FUCK YOU NETFLIX, and goodbye. Sent from my Google Store Pixel XL. theinternetmakesyoustupid who the hell watches netflix on their phone.. johnforamerica Chromecast? Sledge If you have the app installed you can use the in app option to call netflix over wifi. Do this. Be heard. Don't let them continue to push back against the right to tinker. McHenryGames Main reason to root is XPosed. Screw Netflix and screw Google. Brian Both my phone and tablet are as they left they left the factory. Both are blocked form the new update, neither is rooted. Looked like they are trying to promote rival services as it is unacceptable to block legitimate users on a paying service. ED-Zが現れた! Well... Time to change my rate from 5 to 1... Thomas That's a surprising backward move from Netflix, a company that I admire and follow, not just as customer but as an engineer. I wonder if, adding up with their experimental price hike, someone with the wrong ideas got recently hired... Anderson Moreira Oliveira :-( Mason Andrew Maseda Cant use it on complely stock Android O beta. But Android Pay works. So wtf Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 149 queries | 1.287s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
HOME LOCAL POLITICS INTERVIEWS WORLD SPORTS COLUMNS EDITORIAL MY TAPROBANA RED CARPET CEYLON POLITICS TALKING CRICKET MINORITY PERSPECTIVES MY SERENDIB SCI / TECH ENTERTAINMENT GALLERY BIZARRE Features Mosaic Lite Hello Look Horoscope PRINT EDITION News Columns Sport Focus Interviews FT Opinion E-PAPER CONTACT Apple reveals HomePod smart speaker   👤  1454 readers have read this article ! Published by : CT WEB 2017-06-06 18:33:23 Apple has announced a voice-activated loudspeaker powered by its virtual assistant Siri. Like devices by Amazon and Google, Apple's HomePod speaker can respond to questions and control smart home gadgets such as lights. Analysts say Apple has been slow to improve its Siri virtual assistant and launch a smart speaker, after Amazon launched its Echo in 2014. The company has pitched HomePod first and foremost as a music player. "Apple being very clever by launching its Siri speaker as a music speaker that's smart, because Siri isn't great," said Tom Warren from the technology news site The Verge. "Interesting that home assistant was the last feature they talked about. Focusing on music is smart, main use case for smart speakers," said Ben Bajarin, of the Creative Strategies consultancy. The announcement was made at the tech giant's Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California. "It's a logical step for Apple, to ensure that they don't miss the opportunity to get a smart device right in the centre of people's homes," said Ben Wood, an industry analyst at CCS Insight. "There has been a huge amount of hype around Amazon Echo and Google Home, but we are really at the start of this technology. "This does a great job of extending the tentacles of Apple services." At more than double the cost of Amazon's Echo, the HomePod is a typical Apple move. The company is once again banking on its reputation as a creator of intuitive, luxury products that justify a hefty price tag. What's interesting about Apple's approach here is that the company has positioned HomePod as a music device first and foremost, a big contrast to the approach of Google which touted its Home speaker as a day-to-day assistant for many aspects of your life. So - a cynic might say Apple has just launched the world's most-hyped bluetooth speaker - not much imagination there. But let's face it, before AI and machine learning really matures, most home assistant devices are essentially voice-controlled speakers, and so Apple dedicating its effort into making it sound great is probably a smart move. Then again, you might wonder if its "smart" capabilities are being downplayed due to Siri just not being as advanced as its competitors. Tools that let app designers add virtual objects to a real-world view from the phone's camera, in real time, were also revealed. The mobile game Pokemon Go is a well-known example of mixed-reality technology in action. Apple said the new ARkit would make use of the dual-lens camera on the iPhone 7 Plus, making the integration of virtual objects and the real world more realistic. "By truly enabling all modern iPhones to become augmented reality platforms, Apple will have the largest potential reach for AR development day one," said Mr Bajarin. However, he questioned the practicality of augmented reality on a smartphone. "The benefit to a headset or glasses in these demos is not having to hold the device up thus arms getting tired," he said. Apple also announced the next version of its mobile operating system - iOS 11 - which will include a new setting for people who use their iPhone in the car. In January, the company was sued by a US couple whose daughter was killed by a driver allegedly using FaceTime on his iPhone. The new driving mode silences notifications, turns the phone's display off, and can automatically reply to messages to warn friends that you are driving. Samsung is testing a similar feature for its Android-powered phones. (BBC) COLUMNS Meteorologists’ forecasts ignored  👤3262 🕔2017-06-07 Absence of experienced Mathews will be missed  👤5440 🕔2017-06-04 Maithri Refuses to declare emergency as natural disaster calls for better management  👤5616 🕔2017-06-04 Duke of Edinburgh asking Eelanadu scribe how safe Jaffna is?  👤3875 🕔2017-06-03 Sample of Terror  👤2438 🕔2017-06-08 view all Interviews INTERVIEWS Turf war at Excise Department👤3661 🕔2017-06-06 05:16:46 Precautions needed to curb epidemics –GMOA Gen Secy👤3308 🕔2017-06-05 08:13:20 CIVIL SOCIETY RULING COUNTRY DURING NATURAL DISASTERS GOVT is IMPOTENT!-WASANTHA SAMARASINGHE👤4051 🕔2017-06-04 06:11:25 SLFP is weakened –Prasanna👤4828 🕔2017-06-02 05:50:56 Perhaps Mossad manipulates BBS– Mujibur Rahman👤3968 🕔2017-05-31 05:27:24 LANKAN POLITICS AND SCIENCE LIKE OIL AND WATER!👤3093 🕔2017-05-30 05:17:23 China’s long-term plan in Lanka – Carl Zha👤4908 🕔2017-05-29 05:42:36 Deal opposition and tame opposition silent👤5653 🕔2017-05-26 05:36:08 Forefathers of this country were Tamils – Sangaree👤4296 🕔2017-05-25 05:46:28 LATEST NEWS 'Fantastic Beasts 2' to feature teen Dumbledore, Newt Scamander  👤98 🕔2017-06-08 16:51:02 India fireworks blaze kills 23 in Madhya Pradesh  👤217 🕔2017-06-08 15:48:07 Doughnuts that glow in the dark  👤234 🕔2017-06-08 14:49:27 Asian nations make plastic promise  👤332 🕔2017-06-08 13:51:18 Sony sells one million VR headsets  👤499 🕔2017-06-08 12:49:09 Nadal into 10th French Open semi-final  👤593 🕔2017-06-08 11:57:01 President's Poson Message  👤765 🕔2017-06-08 11:10:58 Sri Lanka looking to bounce back  👤873 🕔2017-06-08 10:32:30 Myanmar plane: Debris and bodies found after search  👤952 🕔2017-06-08 09:51:22 No Tsunami threat to Sri Lanka – Met. Department  👤1099 🕔2017-06-08 09:09:19 North Korea fires anti-ship missiles  👤1200 🕔2017-06-08 08:02:22 New Standing Orders by July  👤1191 🕔2017-06-08 07:51:28 Tertill solar-powered robo-gardener will pull up your weeds all on its own  👤1453 🕔2017-06-07 15:39:05 Special Commodity Levy on imported Wet Fish and Sugar revised  👤1557 🕔2017-06-07 14:33:38 Read More PRINT EDITION News Commander Ratnayake Probed by FCID  👤3147  🕔2017-06-08 Transformer ablaze near Prez’s residence  👤3127  🕔2017-06-08 Palisena thrown out of Bond probe   👤3130  🕔2017-06-08 Floods to slow growth to 4.4%  👤4024  🕔2017-06-08 Spl. Commodity Levy reduced by Rs 25  👤3110  🕔2017-06-08 Policy stability measures reaping dividends – Fitch Ratings  👤3120  🕔2017-06-08 Monetary Policy coherency vague – Fitch Analyst  👤3268  🕔2017-06-08 Britain goes to the Polls today  👤3115  🕔2017-06-08 Ravi orders monitoring by Gulf Missions  👤3126  🕔2017-06-08 Rs 100 M more from Cabinet  👤3122  🕔2017-06-08 PM commits to law, reconciliation  👤3131  🕔2017-06-08 Dayasiri to purchase Susanthika’s medal?  👤4943  🕔2017-06-08 Teresa May reckless, misinformed   👤3121  🕔2017-06-08 New Standing Orders by July  👤3865  🕔2017-06-08 New panel of chairpersons appointed by Weerakkody  👤3121  🕔2017-06-08 Govt to ban tobacco cultivation   👤3119  🕔2017-06-08 Expert panel completes report  👤3109  🕔2017-06-08 From North to South with LOVE!  👤3107  🕔2017-06-08 Faiz appointed SLPCP Colombo District organizer  👤3113  🕔2017-06-08 80-yr-old dies in road mishap  👤3108  🕔2017-06-08 Politicians must assist in disaster management – Manusha  👤3103  🕔2017-06-08 Cabinet gives the nod  👤3131  🕔2017-06-08 Govt minister protecting rapists – HINDFOS  👤3125  🕔2017-06-08 Unification of country most important  👤3919  🕔2017-06-08 With new nuclear technologies Going forward to a mad cold war  👤3105  🕔2017-06-08 Read More Columns Is milk really necessary for kids?  👤2632  🕔2017-06-08 DEPRESSION CAN BE TREATED  👤2629  🕔2017-06-08 Unauthorized constructions Take toll on environment  👤4071  🕔2017-06-07 How Social Media conducted Flood Relief Missions  👤4116  🕔2017-06-07 Science Leads!   👤3363  🕔2017-06-07 Read More Sport South Africa 219-8 against Pakistan  👤490  🕔2017-06-08 Kapugedera out with injury Danushka set to open  👤290  🕔2017-06-08 Morgan lauds 'outstanding' attack  👤3112  🕔2017-06-08 Go West! Late try gives Lions the Blues  👤3111  🕔2017-06-08 ‘Milo’ marks 25 years with rugby  👤3116  🕔2017-06-08 St. Servatius beat Richmond  👤3105  🕔2017-06-08 ‘Singer Cup’ U-15 Division 1 Cricket Sudeera first double centurion Sheron makes third ton  👤3110  🕔2017-06-08 Madeena CC softball champs  👤3107  🕔2017-06-08 Nadal into 10th French Open semi-final  👤3112  🕔2017-06-08 Thiem sends Djokovic crashing  👤3111  🕔2017-06-08 Read More Focus Why is it in ‘Doldrums’?  👤2589  🕔2017-06-08 POSON FULL MOON POYA DAY FALLS TODAY THE FIRST INTELLIGENCE TEST EVER  👤2221  🕔2017-06-08 Elephant mother mourning her baby shot dead Police officer should’ve known better – Environmentalists  👤3308  🕔2017-06-07 Is Bilderberg pulling the strings?  👤4248  🕔2017-06-07 Turning point in history  👤3122  🕔2017-06-06 Read More Interviews Most natural disasters today are man-made  👤2981  🕔2017-06-08 Cabinet reshuffle: UNP has taken a big hit –Kabir  👤5193  🕔2017-06-07 Turf war at Excise Department  👤2708  🕔2017-06-06 Read More FT Lanka Microfinance Practitioners' Association celebrates 10th anniversary  👤2626  🕔2017-06-08 Get in shape for your special day with SKECHERS GORun 400  👤2628  🕔2017-06-08 LAUGFS launches ARC Centre for vehicle care  👤2625  🕔2017-06-08 Hayleys Puritas provides 33,600 litres of clean drinking water  👤2623  🕔2017-06-08 Can’t make an omelette without breaking eggs  👤2629  🕔2017-06-08 Shangri-La Hotel, Colombo awards scholarships for hospitality careers   👤2630  🕔2017-06-08 For ‘Gudppl’, Microsoft BizSpark reinforced vision  👤2626  🕔2017-06-08 Allianz Lanka lauds star performers at Allianz Awards  👤2627  🕔2017-06-08 Cambio Software Engineering expands in Sri Lanka  👤2626  🕔2017-06-08 Ad Agencies get set for the SLIM Effie Awards  👤2627  🕔2017-06-08 Read More Opinion Woods apologizes for DUI arrest   👤2160  🕔2017-05-31 Ladies College U-17 team emerge TT champions  👤2384  🕔2017-05-27 Is Constitution the answer?  👤1868  🕔2017-05-25 Read More Features Look The guileless Beauty of a Poetic Soul- Tharurasi Fernando  👤1603  🕔2017-06-07 Hello Pain  👤1548  🕔2017-06-07 DOGMA (1999)  👤1699  🕔2017-06-06 Wonder Woman, truly a wonder!  👤2129  🕔2017-06-06 The all new IntelCore- X series is at your service!  👤1551  🕔2017-06-06 Read More Horoscope The Christlike Life of Lahiri Mahasaya  👤1272  🕔2017-06-04 CHILD BIRTH According to planetary transits  👤1246  🕔2017-06-04 Facial Yoga Exercises  👤1271  🕔2017-06-04 Remedy for unwanted hair  👤1232  🕔2017-06-04 Birth Nakshatra predicts your character  👤1238  🕔2017-06-04 Read More Mosaic RTC Fashion Parade is all about elegance…  👤3572  🕔2017-06-04 Hindi Courses for Adults & Children  👤3600  🕔2017-06-04 Scholarships  👤3558  🕔2017-06-04 Rootings, nurturings, blossomings, begettings  👤3564  🕔2017-06-04 Poetry and Picturesqueness  👤3555  🕔2017-06-04 Guru Deva – the Creed of Teachers  👤3567  🕔2017-06-04 Read More Lite BAILA NIGHT POSTPONED TO 4 JUNE 2017  👤943  🕔2017-06-04 Fusion of fashion and film  👤945  🕔2017-06-04 The heaviest floods of yore   👤960  🕔2017-06-04 Exclusive dinners with world-renowned chef   👤896  🕔2017-06-04 Recognizing exceptional employees  👤892  🕔2017-06-04 Idyllic weddings locally  👤922  🕔2017-06-04 Read More Hello The Caribbean waters awakened once again  👤932  🕔2017-06-04 Opportunities in hospitality  👤903  🕔2017-06-04 Baywatch turns into comedy entertainment  👤941  🕔2017-06-04 Injustice returns  👤914  🕔2017-06-04 An extravagant scrum down   👤894  🕔2017-05-28 DeLon’s back!  👤872  🕔2017-05-28 Read More TODAY CARTOON Galleries   BuildSL Housing and Construction Expo 2017 at BMICH View all photos Contact No : General: +94 0117566566 Marketing Manager : +94 117566550 Marketing Department - General : +94 117566572, +94 117566568 Circulation Manager : +94 117566580, +94 117566581 Editorial : +94 117 566 522, +94 117 566 526 Email : [email protected] All the content on this website is copyright protected and can be reproduced only by giving the due courtesy to 'ceylontoday.lk' Copyright © 2016 Ceylon Newspapers (Pvt) Ltd.
Subscribe  Resource Center Read This Week's Issue Sign up for our e-Letters | LOG IN   Toggle navigation Topics Career Advice Corporate Responsibility Crisis Management Digital PR Internal Communication Measurement Media Relations Media Training Nonprofit PR PR Agencies PR Insiders Research Social Media SEO Web Tools Writing Awards Events Webinars Jobs Store Guidebooks Subscribe Resources PR News Membership Subscribe Renew 4-Week Trial Subscriber Center Job Seeker E-Letter The Skinny Call for Presenters Twitter Directory Winners Circle Whitepapers PR News in the Classroom PR Industry Links Advertise with PR News Barcelona Principles 2.0 Media Room Contact Us Blog PR News Blog PR Industry Blogs FIRM FINDER This Week's Issue Sign up for our e-Letters Voice-Activated Communications Takes Next Step With Apple’s HomePod June 6, 2017 By Seth Arenstein Usually Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference (WDC) is a no-brainer, page 1 story. That it’s been relegated to the business section in some sites and newspapers this week is a reflection of the severity of global news from Europe and the Middle East crowding it off the front page. Still, the news coming out of WDC is important. That’s usually the case when the worlds’ second-most valuable brand behind Google speaks. It seemed the big news Monday was the unveiling of the 7-inch-high, squat home speaker with an iPhone inside it, HomePod ($349). Not only is it an intelligent speaker—it supposedly will adjust its sound to the contours of the room it’s in and make similar tweaks when paired with another HomePod or HomePods—it also has the mind of Siri, Apple’s voice-activated assistant, inside it. So if, after a hard day in the PR wars, you are relaxing on your couch and ask HomePod to play soothing music, it should respond appropriately. Similar to Amazon’s Echo, it also can tell you the weather (if asked), keep track of appointments and regulate devices in your home. Something else Apple unveiled Monday also will help sell this home speaker: Siri on your HomePod will be the same Siri that’s on your iPhone or iPad. So, if you’re texting on your iPhone about Saturday’s concert, HomePod might offer to play music from artists featured in the concert. Whether or not HomePod, and by extension Siri, will be able to use its six microphones to distinguish your voice when the kids are running wild, the dog’s barking, music is playing and the doorbell is ringing remains to be seen. Apple allowed media to listen to the HomePod Monday (the reviews were excellent), but not to talk to it. Another unanswered question: Will HomePod know that your voice is yours, as opposed to that of your spouse? And, as Geoffrey Fowler writes, “If you call out to [a HomePod] in the living room, will the one in the kitchen answer, too? Nobody wants a house full of kids named Siri.” The thing is, a competitor, Google’s Home, apparently can distinguish voices. The downsides include that the pricey HomePod likely works only within Apple’s ecosystem; and Echo ($179), not HomePod, has access to Amazon’s excellent stock of goods (yes, Echo can order merchandise for you). On the other hand, HomePod has a PR angle going for it that Amazon seems to lack: Apple has a reputation for respecting users’ privacy. As you might recall, Apple refused to divulge keys to unlocking data to the FBI of the iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters last year. Its apparent reverence for privacy might be something Apple can emphasize to distinguish HomePod from Echo. As the Wall Street Journal’s Lara O’Reilly noted, “In a speech two years ago, Apple CEO Tim Cook took a clear swipe at Google and Facebook, saying: ‘They’re gobbling up everything they can learn about you and trying to monetize it. We think that’s wrong. And it’s not the kind of company that Apple wants to be.’” It’s difficult to say right now what HomePod means for communicators (the ability to play soothing music while the communicator is on the couch excepted). More seriously, can the HomePod and other voice-activated devices carry brand messages into the home? If so, communicators will be all over them. Perhaps when HomePod and others of its ilk also feature video screens there will be room for communicators’ messages to appear. Speaking of ads, one of the lesser-hyped announcements Apple made Monday may have implications soon for communicators and marketers. The announcement was for an ad tracker blocker on Apple’s Safari desktop browser. Its premise is simple, its task more difficult: Stop ads for products that you once were interested in and no longer are from following you are around online. While Safari is a niche browser, the move into ad blocking is something for brand communicators and marketers to watch closely, especially since Google also added its voice to the ad-blocking chorus recently. Follow Seth: @skarenstein   Related How to Lose a Customer and Tarnish Your Brand in One Easy (Mis)Step If Communications Were Easy, Everyone Would Do It Well How the 2016 Presidential Race May Change Brand Communications PR Leaders Agree: It’s OK to Be a Bad-Ass Are You Addicted to Digital Devices? Take the Test Recent Voice-Activated Communications Takes Next Step With Apple’s HomePod 3 Takeaways From a PR Pro on the Receiving End of Media Pitches A Good Cause Hopes to Break Through With Good PR on Mother’s Day Infusing a Little Analog Into Your Digital Life 5 Tips for Brands New to Influencer Marketing Featured Jobs Free PR Job Alert » View All Jobs » VP - Klick Communications - CA Director, Corporate Communications - Hyatt Corporation - IL Director of Communications - Catholic Diocese of Richmond - VA Find a Job   |   Post a Job Categories Communications (7) Corporate Responsibility (23) Crisis Management (57) Crisis Management (4) Digital PR (75) General (540) Internal Communication (59) Internal Communication (2) Measurement (29) Media Relations (105) Media Relations (3) Media Training (43) Media Training (1) Nonprofit PR (6) Pitching (1) PR Insiders (1) PR News Blogger Network (9) Research (6) Social Media (92) Social Media (1) Staffing and Management (68) Water Cooler (3) Archives June 2017 (1) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (3) March 2017 (6) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (4) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (3) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (3) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (3) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (3) September 2015 (3) August 2015 (3) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (6) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (4) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (2) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (4) September 2014 (4) August 2014 (5) July 2014 (3) June 2014 (5) May 2014 (6) April 2014 (4) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (5) January 2014 (8) December 2013 (6) November 2013 (7) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (10) August 2013 (6) July 2013 (8) June 2013 (5) May 2013 (7) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (11) January 2013 (11) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (10) August 2012 (11) July 2012 (11) June 2012 (11) May 2012 (10) April 2012 (7) March 2012 (10) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (12) December 2011 (11) November 2011 (9) October 2011 (10) September 2011 (8) August 2011 (9) July 2011 (11) June 2011 (11) May 2011 (6) April 2011 (7) March 2011 (5) February 2011 (6) January 2011 (6) December 2010 (5) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (6) September 2010 (3) August 2010 (5) July 2010 (5) June 2010 (7) May 2010 (7) April 2010 (6) March 2010 (6) February 2010 (5) January 2010 (5) December 2009 (4) November 2009 (6) October 2009 (4) September 2009 (5) August 2009 (4) July 2009 (6) June 2009 (6) May 2009 (6) April 2009 (7) March 2009 (6) February 2009 (5) January 2009 (5) December 2008 (3) November 2008 (3) October 2008 (6) September 2008 (4) August 2008 (3) July 2008 (4) June 2008 (6) May 2008 (7) April 2008 (10) March 2008 (6) February 2008 (4) January 2008 (8) December 2007 (2) Customer Center Subscribers Help & Info Shop Advertise Online & Newsletter Sponsorships Areas Advertise E-Letters Events Guidebooks Jobs PR News Blog Privacy Policy The Lists Twitter Directory Water Cooler Webinars Learn About Contact Us Sister Sites Cablefax Cynopsis Studio min Folio Event Marketer Industry Alerts Sign up for our e-Letters | © 2017, Access Intelligence, LLC. All rights reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Rob Nightingale Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Teaches Your Kids How to Stay Safe Online Tech News Internet Google Teaches Your Kids How to Stay Safe Online Dave Parrack June 6, 2017 06-06-2017 1 minute Google Teaches Your Kids How to Stay Safe Online Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Google has launched a new initiative called Be Internet Awesome. This is an educational program designed to teach kids how to stay safe online Understanding How to Stay Safe Online in 2016 Understanding How to Stay Safe Online in 2016 Why do some users blindly wander the Internet with the bare minimum of online security software installed? Let's look at some commonly misconstrued security statements, and make the right security decisions. Read More . To that end, it comprises of five key lessons which, when taken together, should help children everywhere navigate the online world. Today’s children are growing up online. The internet has been, and always will be, an ever present in their lives, from the moment they’re born to the day they die. In many ways, kids living in this, the digital age, are extremely fortunate. But, as always, there’s a downside to everything. Lessening the Negative Effects on Children To try and lessen the negative effects the internet can have on our children, Google has launched Be Internet Awesome. This is an educational program “developed in collaboration with online safety experts” including the Family Online Safety Institute and the Internet Keep Safe Coalition. According to Google, there are five key lessons all kids should learn in order to stay safe online. These are: Be Internet Smart (Share With Care), Be Internet Alert (Don’t Fall for Fake), Be Internet Strong (Secure Your Secrets), Be Internet Kind (It’s Cool to Be Kind), and Be Internet Brave (When In Doubt, Talk It Out). All of which tackle the most negative elements of the internet. There are several strands to Be Internet Awesome. Google is trying to reach kids directly with a free browser-based game called Interland which teaches about online safety in a fun way. Educators have a whole curriculum at their disposal. And families are encouraged to discuss all of the issues outlined above before signing a pledge committing to be good digital citizens. A Treasure Trove of Free Educational Resources This is a fantastic effort from Google that could help make the internet better for the generations to come. No one asked Google to do this, and yet the company has released a treasure trove of educational resources 10 Awesome Educational Websites for Kids You Must Bookmark 10 Awesome Educational Websites for Kids You Must Bookmark Learning should be fun and interactive for kids. The 10 best educational websites for kids gives your kids computer time and helps them learn everything from science to social studies. Read More for free. Now we just need to hope children sit up and take notice. Advertisement Do you have children? Are you worried about the amount of time they spend online? Or what websites they visit? What do you think of the Be Internet Awesome initiative? Would Google be your first choice for educating your kids? Please let us know in the comments below! Previous PostWhy the Amazon App Store Is an Android Security ThreatNext Post7 Places Where You Can Find Beautiful Presentation Templates Fast 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1481 articles Dave Parrack is a journalist from the UK. Growing up at a time when the internet was blossoming inspired his fascination with technology. With 10 years experience writing online, he's currently the Tech News writer and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. You can follow him at About.me. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why NVIDIA Stock Growth Is No Sure Thing NVIDIA has been a stock market darling over the last few years on the strength of its performance in the emerging field of AI. Should investors buy this high-flyer, or is its dominance in jeopardy? Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jun 6, 2017 at 3:52PM Artificial intelligence (AI) has been a boon to a number of companies, but no company has benefited more from this nascent technology than NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), the industry leader in graphics processing. The company's performance accelerated when researchers discovered that the same qualities that made GPUs the best choice for graphics -- the ability to perform massive amounts of mathematical calculations at a high rate of speed -- also made them the go-to choice for training AI systems. NVIDIA's growth over the last several years has been nothing less than astonishing. In the most recent quarter, revenue grew 48% to $1.9 billion over the prior-year quarter and revenue from AI, which is housed in the company's datacenter segment, jumped 186% year over year. The stock has more than tripled in the last year, increased 500% over two years, and is up a staggering 1,000% in five years. Investors are rightly wondering whether this performance can continue, and several recent developments make its outlook a bit less certain. NVIDIA DGX-1 AI Supercomputer-in-a-box. IMAGE SOURCE: NVIDIA. We want a piece of that Success has a tendency to attract competition, and that is certainly true in the case of NVIDIA. Google, a division of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG), recently revealed its second-generation Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) that could challenge NVIDIA in the space. AI occurs in two distinct stages: the training of the system, then the running of the system -- known as inferencing -- after it has been trained. Where this latest version of the TPU differs from the first is its ability to address both stages of an AI system. NVIDIA has had a near-monopoly in the space regarding training AI systems, as there was no better alternative. The new iteration of the TPU could change that. Google also announced success in stringing together 64 of its TPUs into a pod that could produce unrivaled computational capability, exceeding that of the GPU. It is deploying these across its Google Compute Engine and will give researchers and academia access to a cluster of 1,000 cloud TPUs for free, on the condition that they share their research in peer-reviewed publications. Google has not made any move to make its TPU available for sale, so they can only be accessed via the company's cloud offerings. Researchers may not want to get locked into Google's ecosystem in the early stages of AI development, lest something better comes along. Google's TPU may be the future of AI processors. Image source: Google. Intel outside Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) had been largely shut out of the explosion of AI-induced growth, as the number-crunching capabilities of the GPU vastly exceeded that of the CPU. Don't shed too many tears for Intel, though. With an estimated 99% market share of the server market, more servers means Intel is inside. Intel is not intent to concede all this growth to NVIDIA. The company had already been developing CPUs customized for AI applications, but late last year, it acquired deep-learning start-up Nervana. The company had developed what it called the Nervana Engine, an application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) that removed the elements of a GPU specific to graphics processing and reengineered the memory, creating a chip that increased the computing capability by tenfold. Intel is hard at work integrating this technology into its Knights Mill Xeon Phi processor, which is customized for deep learning. Thes chips are scheduled to ship mid-year.  FPGA's may outdo GPU's for AI. Image source: Intel. Another emerging threat Google's TPU isn't the only potential competition to NVIDIA's dominant GPU. Several companies including Intel, through its acquisition of Altera, and Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) have been experimenting with the use of the field-programmable gate array (FPGA), a processor that can be reconfigured for specific functions after manufacturing. FPGAs have been notoriously challenging to program, requiring both hardware and software expertise. Xilinx has worked to make the programming less onerous by releasing tools to ease the hurdles in implementing FPGAs. Another advantage of the FPGA lies in its power efficiency. The high energy consumption of GPUs makes them more expensive to run. When used at the scale of a cloud provider, the energy efficiency could be a key differentiator. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) has already made a big bet in FPGAs; it already outfitted its entire Azure cloud network with the specialty chips and is running its deep-learning neural networks with them. Expect more developments NVIDIA GPU competitor Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) is also scheduled to release its Radeon Instinct line of chips specifically designed for AI applications, which it claims will best NVIDIA's latest and greatest. It remains to be seen if its new line is superior, or if this is merely posturing by the smaller opponent. At this point, there is no one chip perfect for every AI application; each possesses its own strengths and weaknesses. NVIDIA's advantage may hold as the best chip for training AI systems, but it could just as easily give way in the fast-paced and ever-changing field of AI. There isn't any need to sound the alarm bell yet, but NVIDIA's continued growth isn't guaranteed. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Danny Vena owns shares of Alphabet (A shares). Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $640 calls on Alphabet (C shares), short January 2018 $650 calls on Alphabet (C shares), and long January 2018 $25 calls on Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares) and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Daniel W. Vena, CPA, CGMA is long-term investor searching for intangibles that provide explosive growth opportunities in his investments. He served on active duty with the US Army and has a Bachelors degree in accounting. Follow @dannyvena Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 3:52PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $71.99 down $0.40 (-0.55%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.30 up $0.04 (0.11%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $1,002.96 up $1.37 (0.14%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $12.53 up $0.14 (1.17%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $153.32 up $4.20 (2.82%) Xilinx NASDAQ:XLNX $67.55 down $0.32 (-0.47%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $979.61 down $-1.47 (-0.15%) Read More 3 Growth Stocks That Could Soar More Than Intuitive Surgical Analysts Are Expecting Self-Driving Cars to Be Huge for Alphabet, Inc. Here's Why They're Right How Intel Corporation's Core i9-7980XE Can Succeed Intel Corporation's Upcoming Low-Cost Chip Looks Great 1 Problem for Intel Corporation’s Kaby Lake-X Chips Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why NVIDIA Stock Growth Is No Sure Thing @themotleyfool #stocks $MSFT, $INTC, $GOOGL, $AMD, $NVDA, $XLNX, $GOOG
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Technology Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Technology Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Apple Inc Apple's HomePod speaker pumps up the volume on tech rivals Associated Press • Updated Jun 6, 2017 at 10:46 AM SAN JOSE, Calif. — Apple is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers — the latest test of the iPhone maker’s ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company also is putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced Monday escalate Apple’s technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. NO PLACE LIKE HOMEPOD The “HomePod” speaker unveiled at Apple’s annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple’s iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple’s own music streaming service, which runs $10 to $15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod’s owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. “It will reinvent home audio,” boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., U.K. and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google’s Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. APPLE VS. THE DRY SPELL The HomePod is Apple’s first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn’t been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company’s ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs’ last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad — all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company “can’t afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it’s also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant and Microsoft’s Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple’s assistant already trails competitors in key respects .) “This is the start of the AI wars,” he said. MACS, PHONES AND PAYMENTS Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality “experiences,” although the company didn’t announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple’s web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It’s part of Apple’s effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. New features coming to iPhones and iPads, meanwhile, include marginal improvements such as syncing messages to Apple servers in the cloud, saving storage space on phones and tablets. Apple also laid some groundwork for augmented reality, the projection of digital features onto real-world surroundings, by giving app developers tools for incorporating AR into their products. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, the service has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. __ Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Apple Homepod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Which Is Best? +10,211 Quentyn Kennemer Jun 6th, 2017 Yesterday, Apple announced their new product in their attempt to wrestle their way into control of your living room. It’s the cheekily-named Homepod, and it’s coming into a fast-growing market that already has some stiff competition at the helm. We’re talking about Amazon’s Echo and Google Home, both of which are backed by companies with just as much muscle as the guys in Cupertino have. The question is: which of these are better? Well, that’s a bit of a hard question to answer right now, because the truth is they look to serve and please different crowds of folks despite attacking the same market. Let’s dive deeper. Apple Homepod: Best Audio Quality We’ll start off talking about the newbie here, and we can tell you right away that Apple’s big bet for supremacy is in the music department. It’s a speaker, after all, so it should be able to deliver the tunes when you’re feeling the need for some. On the hardware side, this is immediately apparent when you consider it has 8 different speakers inside, 7 of which are an array tweeters for accurate audio at the higher end of the audio spectrum. Apple says they use “beamforming” technology to make sure music and audio sounds great no matter where it’s positioned in the room. They’re joined by a lone woofer to deliver that bass we all love. The device also features 4 dedicated microphones, and they’re not all just for the voice commands you can issue. The microphones are used in concert with the A8 chip to actively judge where the speaker is in your room and adjust its audio accordingly. That means it can know when it’s sitting up against a wall, and automatically adjusts sound to the other side in order to best fill the rest of the room. From there, the heavy lifting is turned over to the software. Homepod is infused with Siri who can help you find the exact tunes you want through Apple Music. There are 40 million tracks in that ecosystem, and you can use natural commands like ” I want to hear hip hop” or even more exact requests like “Taylor Swift — Shake It Off” to get the music flowing. You can also tell Siri whether you like the track or not and it’ll learn your music tastes over time to suggest better music for you. Siri comes with other capabilities, too, such as controlling your HomeKit-supported smart home products, delivering news, the score to last night’s game, or setting up a reminder. Amazon Echo: Most Features The Homepod may have everyone beat on the pure music experience, but Amazon’s early start in this space gives them one big advantage: they have a crap ton of things you can use it for. Amazon’s Alexa platform now has over 10,000 “skills” it can use, ranging from music playback through popular apps to smart home control. It’s even bound to become a great communication platform with a display-equipped model on the way. That’s not to say the Homepod and Google Home couldn’t catch up and don’t already come with a decent toolkit out of the box, but Amazon is so far ahead that you really have to make this a primary point of consideration if you’re looking to buy either of these. It doesn’t hurt that the Echo is pretty OK at being a music device, though it can’t quite live up to the Homepod’s audio prowess. It only has 2 speakers, and it can’t be used in conjunction with another Echo units to extend the audio. If you want a swiss army of sorts to be the hub of your smart home, the Echo fills that role quite dominantly right now. Google Home: Smartest Assistant Apple has the music and tunes and Amazon has the skills. What does Google have? Well, we’re going to say the best of both worlds for now. The Google Home music experience isn’t bad at all, though its 3 speakers would require bigger rooms to use more than one of these to get a fully rich audio track in every corner. If you can live with that or if your needs aren’t quite that lofty, then you at least get a nice recommendation engine driven by voice. Much like Apple’s counterpart, you can call on Google Music to not only play specific songs or songs from a particular genre, but even use commands to play songs based on your mood or activity. Google Home also gets the benefit of having perhaps the most conversational tone of the three. Google’s extensive work in machine learning has allowed them to build the Google Assistant as the golden standard for AI helpers. Where the others require more exact commands, a Google Assistant conversation can flow and branch in ways that make you feel like you’re talking to a human. Google Assistant also hits the ground running with a vast database of knowledge, because it draws most of its results from Google’s ever-expanding library of info found within their Knowledge Graph. Where Alexa or Homepod may trip up on random trivial questions like “how tall is Donald Trump,” Assistant can answer without an issue. The ability to naturally follow-up with a human-like question such as “what’s his net worth” and get the answer without having to say Trump’s name again is just the most blissful thing ever. Unfortunately, Google Home’s biggest drawback in the early going is that — like Homepod — it can’t quite hold a candle to Alexa’s sheer list of third-party capabilities. That’s changing, what with Google introducing new tools to let developers target Google Home and the Google Assistant platform every day, but for now you have to consider that it does have its limits. Oh, and there’s one neat thing Google Home has going for it the others don’t: swappable style covers for looks. It matters. Who Ultimately Wins? As we’ve alluded to, there’s a lot of work to be done for all 3 of the major players in this race, with Google and Apple needing to catch up with Amazon’s third-party support to have any chance of winning. If we consider the price tags of all 3, we’ll say $179 (and sometimes even cheaper on discount) for the Amazon Echo is the most reasonable asking price for the depth it offers. The $129 (or cheaper) Google Home is a better option if you really want to save some dollars or are deeply invested in the Google ecosystem. (It also looks like something that belongs in your home and not some geeky tech toy sticking out like a sore thumb.) And then there’s the $350 asking price for the Homepod. We’re not going out on much of a limb to say that price is being buffed by its superior audio capabilities, as well as a bit of added “Apple tax” on top. It’s likely the Homepod will also work best with Apple products, so unless your home is fully decked out in bitten fruit tech, we’re going to say that money is better spent on a Sonos speaker combined with an Echo Dot if you’re worried about the music capabilities more than anything else. Who do you think is offering the best smart home speaker right now? Take Our Poll local_offer    Amazon Alexa   Amazon Echo   Apple Homepod   Google Assistant   Google Home   Siri   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (16) stars Further Reading Google Home to get voice calling soon New Google Home ad published Apple announces the Homepod Deal: Discounts and Credits at the Google Store Free Google Home from Verizon stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertSamsung releases its Always On Display app closeSamsung releases its Always On Display app onto the Play Store, but you can’t download it Samsung has released its Always On Display for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus onto the Play Store. This will give Samsung more control over updates regarding this specific feature of the devices. 2 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 2, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 3 more_vertAMOLED vs LCD displays closeWhat’s the difference between AMOLED and LCD displays? Every smartphone today has one of two displays types: AMOLED or LCD. So what exactly is the difference between these two displays? 4 more_vertZTE Nubia Z17 announced closeThe ZTE Nubia Z17 packs 8GB of RAM and Quick Charge 4+ This new phone from ZTE has just about every high-end feature you could want and more. It might be the most powerful phone on the planet right now. 5 more_vertLG announces the X500 closeLG’s X500 can play 20 hours of video without charging LG has announced the X500, their new affordable smartphone for someone who wants something that lasts all day. 6 more_vertApple announces the Homepod closeHomepod, Apple’s Google Home competitor, costs $350 and looks like a knee pad Say hello to the Homepod, Apple’s take on the budding new smart home hub market currently being contested by industry giants Amazon and Google. 7 more_vertQuick Charge 4+ announced closeQualcomm announces Quick Charge 4+ with 3 new features Last year, Qualcomm introduced the Snapdragon 835 processor along with Quick Charge 4.0. A few devices have the 835, but none have QC 4.0 yet. That didn’t stop Qualcomm from announcing the next version, Quick Charge 4+. 8 more_vertOnePlus 5 render leaks closeFirst clear look at the OnePlus 5 reveals a very familiar design Earlier today, OnePlus officially announced an event on June 20th. This is when we’ll finally get to see the OnePlus 5. Thankfully, we don’t have to wait that long. Just a few hours later, a press render leaked. 9 more_vertNew LG G6 variants may launch later this month closeLG has plans to launch the LG G6 Pro and G6 Plus later this month A new report claims that LG is planning to launch the LG G6 Pro and LG G6 Plus in the company’s home country of South Korea. These devices will offer slightly specs than the standard LG G6. 10 more_vertPokemon GO Summer update closeBig updates are coming to Pokemon GO this summer Niantic has been steadily updating the game with new features and events, but it looks like this summer will mark some big changes. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Self-storage: a new option for property investors Huawei expands to make computers China's May exports, imports surge, beating expectations Virtual credit card for more users Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Huang, Song to star in ‘A Life Time Love’ Shanghai, Rotterdam mayors bolster sister-city ties New model of entrance exam makes debut in Shanghai Innovative programs to celebrate culture City seniors to get 100 more service centers Wide range of skills from all over world Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News World 9-Ball China Open starts in Pudong today Japan blow as Kagawa injured in Syria draw Warriors tune out 16-0 talk, focus on Cavs West try hands Lions 1st loss on tour of NZ Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Hotelier’s amazing ride to the top Go for fruity wines while flying or at high altitude A scrumptious breakfast gets us up and running The Hub celebrates famed robot cat Doraemon A watertown low in profile, high in aesthetics Art for children’s sake at Poly Theater Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Why West often overlooks China’s WWII effort Yokohama leads in resources management Consumers should plan to pay more for medicine Understanding the essence of stagnation Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   You gotta love our teeming city Give with humility: it’s about what you do at the end of day, not what you ‘sacrificed’ Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Artistic dialogue between East and West Before the dawn of Facebook there were diaries When the game is more about drugs than skills Tough ‘girl’ who fought Hollywood ‘Wonder Woman’ lives up to hype There’s more to Mexican than just tacos Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Huang, Song to star in ‘A Life Time Love’ Shanghai, Rotterdam mayors bolster sister-city ties Babysitter Shaking Infant Hard Triggers Internet Fury Educational Authorities Denies Report A Student Was Refused Entry To Exam For Being 2 Minutes Late 'Luxurious' shared bikes in Hangzhou have phone charger service The story appears on Page A8 June 7, 2017 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 What Does The Strong Q1 Growth Mean For China? 中国一季度经济强势增长意味着什么？ View more » Photo Sets Auto Shanghai 2017 Dashijie is back! Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday View more » Home » Business » IT Apple hopes HomePod speaker strikes a chord with music lovers Source: AP | 00:01 UTC+8 June 7, 2017 | Print Edition APPLE is hoping a new smart home speaker will strike a chord with music lovers — the latest test of the iPhone maker’s ability to redefine markets originally staked out by its rivals. The trend-setting company is also putting new twists on existing products as it delves deeper into virtual reality and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The moves announced on Monday escalate Apple’s technological battle of wits with Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook. These giants are battling over still-emerging fields that are expected to turn into technological gold mines, much the way personal computers and smartphones became moneymaking machines in previous decades. No place like HomePod The “HomePod” speaker unveiled at Apple’s annual developers conference is similar to rival devices that have been released during the past two years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri, a digital assistant that has been on Apple’s iPhone since 2011, will be voice activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. Unlike those other smart speakers, Apple is positioning the HomePod primarily as a way to listen to and discover new songs and artists. Making the most of it will require a subscription to Apple’s own music streaming service, which runs US$10 to US$15 per month and has attracted 27 million subscribers so far. The company is casting Siri as a music connoisseur that will learn and cater to the tastes of the HomePod’s owners, as well as answer questions about the songs as they are played. “It will reinvent home audio,” boasted Apple CEO Tim Cook. The speaker will sell for about US$350 in December in the US, UK and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for US$180; Google’s Home speaker goes for US$130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer says more than 35 million people in the US are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. The HomePod is Apple’s first new gadget in nearly three years, following its announcement of the Apple Watch in September 2014. Although that product came out after other smartwatches hit the market, it quickly outshone competitors, according to industry research firms. Still, the Apple Watch hasn’t been a smash hit, fueling worries that the company’s ability to transfix customers had waned after the 2011 death of co-founder Steve Jobs. During Jobs’ last decade, Apple introduced the iPod, iPhone and iPad — all huge commercial successes that both reshaped daily life and swamped previous digital music players, smartphones and tablets. Analysts said the smart home speaker market is ripe for Apple. The company “can’t afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others,” said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That’s especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more “pervasive” way that’s less dependent on smartphones, he said. But it’s also possible that the HomePod could expose Siri as less capable than Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant and Microsoft’s Cortana, Blaber said. (Many reviewers have suggested that the current incarnation of Apple’s assistant already trails competitors in key respects) “This is the start of the AI wars,” he said. Apple had plenty of other announcements. New iMacs released on Monday are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for developing virtual-reality “experiences,” although the company didn’t announce any consumer VR products. Safari, Apple’s web browser, is getting new features aimed at online annoyances. It will block videos that start playing automatically, for instance, and can also prevent ads from following and profiling users. It will not actually block ads, though. Apple also introduced a new version of its business-oriented iPad Pro at an intermediate size with more storage, a better display and an improved camera. It’s part of Apple’s effort to entice professionals with tablets that can handle many tasks previously reserved for laptops. IT <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly New model of entrance exam makes debut in Shanghai Call to ban all live poultry markets China says US report ‘irresponsible’ Wide range of skills from all over world ‘Abortion wife’ given recompense and divorce Young Basketballers and Dancing Oldies Clash Goes Viral ‘Cocaine suitcases’ discovered at airport Flagship No. 1 store to close for big face-lift Beijing bathers expose naked truth of a practice still taboo Indoor smoking ban makes an impact though not in stairwells China succeeds in mining combustible ice in South China Sea Dash-cam Catches Mentally-ill Woman 'Faking Accident': Police Containers fall off, stranding cruise ships and passengers Nasty Night in a Restaurant Leaves Sour Taste For All Computers judge driving tests <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Huang, Song to star in ‘A Life Time Love’ Shanghai, Rotterdam mayors bolster sister-city ties Babysitter Shaking Infant Hard Triggers Internet Fury Educational Authorities Denies Report A Student Was Refused Entry To Exam For Being 2 Minutes Late 'Luxurious' shared bikes in Hangzhou have phone charger service View more » Latest Business News High-tech glitz and devices at CES Asia China's May exports, imports surge, beating expectations ‘Sophia’ draws attention to AI Chinese household confidence declines Tax breaks given to small firms CIRC to boost standards View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Britain USA Germany Switerland View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 | Tip-off hotline: 52920043 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos letters editorials Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition US edition: switch to the UK edition UK switch to the US switch to the Australia edition AU switch to the International edition INT jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters digital newspaper archive crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Vodafone Nils Pratley on finance Advertisers should follow Vodafone’s lead after Facebook and Google failures Nils Pratley Telecoms giant is right to stop relying on social media titans to prevent its adverts appearing next to inappropriate content Vodafone: flying ahead of rivals with its new advertising policy. Photograph: Toby Melville/Reuters Vodafone Nils Pratley on finance Advertisers should follow Vodafone’s lead after Facebook and Google failures Nils Pratley Telecoms giant is right to stop relying on social media titans to prevent its adverts appearing next to inappropriate content Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Wednesday 7 June 2017 02.26 EDT First published on Tuesday 6 June 2017 15.18 EDT About time too: a major advertiser has become so frustrated with Facebook and Google’s limp attempts to police the content they publish that it has taken matters into its own hands. Vodafone will no longer rely on website “blacklists” drawn up by the social media titans and its own advertising agency. Instead, to prevent its ads appearing next to hate speech or fake news, Vodafone will issue a “whitelist” of sites on which it is happy for its commercial messages to appear. The new approach is sensible. Indeed, it’s a wonder that major advertisers have been so slow to protect themselves from Facebook and Google’s failures. Vodafone spends £400m a year on online advertising. Even if 99% of that money ends up being directed to reputable sites, the other 1% can do serious damage to a brand while also generating revenue for some hideous websites. Advertisers’ reluctance to take the initiative may stem from two factors. First, the worry that drawing up “whitelists” and employing human judgment is a more expensive way to advertise. Second, a sense that Google and Facebook’s machines are too big and powerful to challenge. Vodafone to stop its ads appearing on fake news and hate speech sites Read more Vodafone, let’s hope, has shattered both ideas. Yes, it’s a big advertiser that can afford to carry a few extra costs but it is surely right when it says algorithms, designed to carve up demographic categories, are simply not up to the job of making editorial judgments. It also seems to have little difficulty in laying down the new terms of trade to Google and Facebook. Other advertisers should follow Vodafone’s lead – and, if not, explain why they’re happy to turn a blind eye when even small portions of their advertising budgets end up funding some of the internet’s most gruesome offerings. Shawbrook would be better going private Shawbrook is the challenger bank that has been a challenging investment at times for its shareholders. Floated at 290p in 2015, the shares fell as low at 130p a year ago after the referendum result – Brexit was deemed by the market to be unhelpful for UK buy-to-let lenders. Then came Shawbrook’s confidence-rattling revelation of lending “irregularities” in one division. In the circumstances, you might have expected the board to embrace the takeover approach from Pollen Street, already a 38% owner, plus fellow private equity house BC Partners. That was the way the plot seemed to be heading when Shawbrook agreed to open its books. But the board has now rejected four offers, deeming the bidders’ final pitch at 340p a share, or £868m, to be an undervaluation. One admires the independent directors’ determination to squeeze Pollen Street for every last drop of value. In the end, however, resistance is likely to be futile since acceptances are already 45% and many of the other shares are already in the hands of arbitrage funds who are only there for the final bump in the bid. The real question is whether the bidders manage to pass 75%, at which point Shawbrook would be delisted. It would be a shame to see the ranks of quoted challenger banks depleted. But, actually, Pollen Street and BC make a fair point. The strength of the Brexit storms are unknowable for specialist lenders and may be better combated away from a public market that tends to demand lending growth in all circumstances. It’s possible that Shawbrook, whose returns on equity have been strong when it has avoided cock-ups, will sail through happily. But the bidders aren’t making a risk-free bet. It’s probably best to let Shawbrook go private. Bailey stays on trend at Burberry The annual report would have been a good place for Burberry to explain what on earth the job of “president” involves. Christopher Bailey, the outgoing chief executive but continuing chief creative officer, will have presidential status from next month but the demands of the role remain obscure. The “evolved structure”, which will see Marco Gobbetti become chief executive, “will allow me to redouble my focus on design for this next phase, and on making products and telling stories that inspire our customers”, Bailey tells shareholders in the report. But isn’t all that designing stuff covered by the creative gig? Maybe the un-corporate title is just there to remind everyone who is really boss. The remuneration arrangements suggest the same. Bailey, who has just picked up £10.5m as a delayed retention bonus, will be able to earn an indicative maximum of £7.6m in the coming year. Gobbetti will be chasing a whisker less at £7.3m. A difference of £300,000 is a rounding error at those levels, of course – but maybe it simply wouldn’t do for the president to be denied bragging rights. Topics Vodafone Nils Pratley on finance Telecommunications industry Facebook Social networking Advertising Google comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion letters editorials sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video podcasts digital archive Business › Vodafone business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business back to top jobs become a supporter make a contribution guardian labs about us work for us contact us advertise with us solve technical issue terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop complaints & corrections all topics all contributors Facebook Twitter subscribe digital newspaper archive © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 6 GOOG: 976.57 -7.11 Google traffic for WSJ falls after removing ‘first click free’ search trick to bypass paywall Abner Li - Jun. 6th 2017 11:48 am PT @technacity Google Search WSJ View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit After the Wall Street Journal removed the well-known trick of using Google to access articles behind a paywall, their Search traffic fell by nearly half. While this led to an increase in paying subscribers since February, the publication argues that Google should rank subscription content equally. Nintendo Switch In February, the WSJ got rid of “first click free” due to the number of people clearing their cookies to read more articles behind a paywall. The publication told Bloomberg that nearly a million people were abusing this method. Google defends the practice of sampling as it believes it will ultimately incentivize people to subscribe. The search engine believes it is important for users to be able to quickly read news without restrictions. However, there are consequences of a stricter paywall where only the first few paragraphs of an article appear for non-subscribers. Google’s algorithms rank these pages lower in results, thus resulting in a 44% drop in traffic from Search for the WSJ. WSJ ad revenue, ultimately, was not affected by the decline and was offset by an increase in visits via social media — with articles visited from Facebook and Twitter still displayed in full. Additionally, there was a 30 percent increase in digital subscribers during the most recent quarter. However, the WSJ is calling for Google to show equal treatment of its articles in search, saying that paid news sites are being “discriminated” against. Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google Search View THe Guide WSJ View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Rob Nightingale Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 7 Ways Tech Can Help You Survive this Summer Smart Home 7 Ways Tech Can Help You Survive this Summer Dan Price June 6, 2017 06-06-2017 6 minutes 7 Ways Tech Can Help You Survive this Summer Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Wait. What’s that? Can you feel it? Yes, believe it or not, it’s the warm glow of the sun. You’d forgotten what it felt like, didn’t you? Ladies and gentlemen; summer is coming. It’s time to buy some sunscreen, clean the barbecue, and book your vacations. We’ve got months of glorious weather ahead of us. Except, summer isn’t always so wonderful. To our current sun-starved bodies it sounds amazing, but by mid-September, when the humidity is pushing 100 percent and the daily temperature is soaring over 100 degrees, you’ll be dreaming of Santa Claus and snow. Why not get a helping hand through those dog days? Here are seven smart home gadgets that are guaranteed to help you survive the summer. 1. Lynx Smart Grill Barbecues and summer nights go hand-in-hand. Successfully completing your first grill of the year without getting wet is a sure-fire sign summer is only just around the corner. While the concept of cooking food over hot coals or open flames has served humans well for thousands of years, we’ve finally moved on. Now you can get a smart grill. Advertisement This model by Lynx is one of the best available right now. You can control it with your voice or accompanying smartphone app, and it has temperature sensors that provide constant feedback of your food’s readiness to your device. The app itself includes pre-defined recipes 5 Unique Sites for Finding and Sharing Free Recipes 5 Unique Sites for Finding and Sharing Free Recipes Cooking is one of the best creative hobbies for stress-relief. If you are an experienced cook or a beginner, these five sites will help you approach your recipes in unique ways. Read More that’ll adjust the temperature and rotating rotisserie automatically. There’s even a party mode so your guests can line up their cooking. It’s like a playlist for your dinner. 2. Bud-E Fridge What goes perfectly with a tasty barbecue? An ice-cold beverage, of course! Whether your drink of choice is a can of soda or a bottle of beer, you need it to be refreshingly chilled before you consume it. And what better way to ensure it’s at the perfect temperature than using a smart mini fridge? You should check out the Bud-E Fridge. It has space for 78 drinks and comes with a smartphone app that allows you to control the temperature. The app also alerts you when you’re getting low on stock and gives you a countdown to when your drinks will reach the perfect serving temperature. The only downside? You’ll have to spend all day looking at the Bud Light logo emblazoned on the side. 3. Skydrop Sprinkler System Let’s stay outdoors for a moment. While we humans might love the hot sun, plants aren’t always so keen. A lack of water has slain many-a-picturesque garden over the years. Not anymore. Smart sprinkler systems are here to help. It doesn’t matter whether you’re not watering your shrubbery out of laziness, forgetfulness, or because you’re away from home — smart systems will never let you down. There are a lot of different smart sprinklers Save Money and Water With the Rachio Smart Sprinkler Controller Save Money and Water With the Rachio Smart Sprinkler Controller Smart home technology is taking to the great outdoors. A smart sprinkler controller like the Rachio uses Wi-Fi to keep your lawn green while saving on water and money! Read More to choose from, but one of the best is Skydrop. It connects to your existing “dumb” sprinkler system and works with up to seven zones. For each zone, you can program the soil type, plant type, sprinkler type, slope, and shape. Skydrop takes zone information and correlates it against the weather forecast Google Maps Is All You Need for Real-Time Weather Data Google Maps Is All You Need for Real-Time Weather Data Did you know that Google Maps includes real-time weather data? Here's how to make the most of it. Read More . As such, it will only administer water when it’s necessary to do so, saving both water and money. SkyDrop 8 Zone Wifi-Enabled Smart Sprinkler Controller - Expandable, Frustration Free Packaging SkyDrop 8 Zone Wifi-Enabled Smart Sprinkler Controller - Expandable, Frustration Free Packaging WIFI CONNECTED INTELLIGENCE: Monitor and manage watering from your computer, smartphone or tablet, Alexa, Text Message or from the controller itself. No matter where you are, you're in control. Buy Now At Amazon $200.00 4. Lutron Serena Shades Ok, that’s enough sun. Time to take refuge from the heat in the sanctuary of your house. I just hope you haven’t accidentally left your blinds open — any south-facing room will be even hotter than outside. If you go to the expense of installing smart blinds, you’ll never have this problem again. Unfortunately, they aren’t cheap. The Lutron Serena Shades, which offer a good balance between cost and quality, will set you back $350 per blind. You also need to shell out $150 for the hub that links all the blinds with the app. As for the blinds themselves, you can program their daily opening and closing times, open/close them at any time with a tap on your phone, and control them with your voice using Siri How to Use Siri With Your Smart Home Devices How to Use Siri With Your Smart Home Devices Controlling your smart devices with Siri makes them incredibly easy to use, but it's not easy to find commands that work with each product. Why not start by giving these ones a try? Read More . They also have geofencing, meaning they can open and close automatically whenever you leave or return to your house. 5. Sensibo Smart Air Conditioning We’ve all heard of smart thermostats like Nest Finding the Best Smart Thermostat for Your Home Finding the Best Smart Thermostat for Your Home Looking for a good smart thermostat for your home? Keep in mind that some are smarter than others! Take a look -- one of these options may be your solution! Read More , but if it’s more than 100 degrees outside, you need to do more than simply adjust your central heating. You’ll want to turn all your air conditioning units up to full power. Technically, Nest might work with some AC units, but you’d need a degree in electrical engineering to stand a chance. Not to mention you’d be voiding your AC’s warranty by fiddling with it. So how can you automate your AC Are Smart Air Conditioners Truly Smart? Are Smart Air Conditioners Truly Smart? There are now many smart air conditioners on the market. Should you spend your money on these? It's time to find out. Read More ? Have a look at Sensibo. It’s an IR blaster that works with all the main AC brands. Mount the blaster to a wall near your unit, and you can control it using your smartphone. As you’d expect, it allows you to program schedules and turn your AC on/off when you’re away from home. You can control units with your voice thanks to Alexa and Google Home integration, and it also works with IFTTT. Finally, like the Lutron Serena Shades, it supports geofencing. 6. Haiku Ceiling Fans Air conditioning uses a lot of electricity. For a cheaper and greener solution 5 Smart Hacks To Save Electricity In Your Smart Home 5 Smart Hacks To Save Electricity In Your Smart Home he trick to saving electricity is in knowing where most of your energy is consumed. Read More , stick to ceiling fans. Unsurprisingly, you can now find a new class of “smart fan.” Unfortunately, these aren’t like Sensibo or Skydrop. You can’t add smart capabilities to your existing fans. You’ll need to buy them as new. Consequently, they might not be suitable for someone on a tight budget. Nonetheless, if you can afford the $550 for Haiku’s cheapest model, they’re a worthwhile investment. The fans can automatically engage if they detect motion, monitor the temperature and adjust their speed accordingly, and even vary their speed to simulate the wind. All the fan’s functions can be controlled from the smartphone app. The app will also let you create schedules and even alter the hue of the fan’s lightbulb if you bought an applicable model. 7. Biolight Campstove Finally, let’s move outside the perimeter of your property. One of the most popular summer pastimes is camping. There’s nothing quite like pitching your tent and singing songs around a campfire while simultaneously being eaten by the local mosquito population. Mosquitos aside, a 21st-century camper has one other big problem to contend with: how to keep gadgets charged RAVPower 27000mAh Portable Charger Review RAVPower 27000mAh Portable Charger Review Today we're taking a look at the RAVPower portable AC-capable battery pack, with a humongous 27,000mAh charge capacity. Read More . Well, not anymore. Thanks to the amazing Biolight Campstove, your campfire’s heat can be converted into electricity. The Campstove has an integrated 2600 mAh battery, a LED dashboard, and a USB plug outlet. You just need to find the sticks to burn! BioLite Wood Burning CampStove First Generation BioLite Wood Burning CampStove First Generation Powers most USB-chargeable devices including smartphones Buy Now At Amazon Too low to display How Will You Survive the Summer? I’ve introduced you to seven awesome gadgets that’ll get you through the summer with little more than a slight sweat. Some are expensive, some are cheap, but all will make the heat more bearable. Which devices can’t you do without once the temperature starts to rise? What are your essential summer gadgets? As always, you can leave all your thoughts, suggestions, and opinions in the comments below. Image Credits: Juergen Faelchle/Shutterstock Previous PostGoogle Home Beats the Amazon Echo to CanadaNext PostHow to Pick the Best Amazon Echo Speaker for You 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dan Price 424 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Internet Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Advertisement Related Articles 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s Why Smart Home You Should Be Using the Google Home App and Here’s Why 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Smart Home 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Galvanize Members Carbon Robotics and Pilotly Competing at Google Demo Day on June 8 Galvanize Campuses To Host Watch Party News provided by Galvanize 06 Jun, 2017, 14:44 ET Share this article DENVER, June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Galvanize member companies Pilotly and Carbon Robotics are competing for recognition as the most promising early stage startup in North America at the 4th Annual Google for Entrepreneurs Demo Day on June 8 at the Google Developers Launchpad Space in San Francisco. "Providing our member companies access to capital, mentorship, and large companies like Google to help them scale and grow are among the top benefits of joining our community," said Galvanize CEO Jim Deters. "We are honored to be represented by the amazing teams at Carbon Robotics and Pilotly. We wish them and all the competing companies the best of luck." Through participation in the Google for Entrepreneurs North American Tech Hub Network, member companies on Galvanize's campuses have the opportunity to be nominated for the annual Demo Day. This event, among other programs, is part of a larger partnership between Galvanize and Google for Entrepreneurs to provide Galvanize members exclusive benefits and resources to support them in their startup journey. "Galvanize goes above and beyond as investor, and the opportunity to apply to Google Demo Day is just one example of that," said James Norman, Cofounder & CEO Pilotly. "They back companies they really believe in which results in great resources and support for portfolio companies like ours. We're definitely excited to take the stage later this week and tell the world what we're going to do next to change the future of entertainment media." "Galvanize has been a fantastic partner for us," noted Rosanna Myers, CEO & Cofounder, Carbon Robotics. "Not only have we benefited from their rich talent network, we also now have a home in every city we do business." Join in the excitement and our Community at Galvanize for the Watch Party kicking off at 9:00 a.m. or tune in via the Facebook Live Stream link. This Demo Day year's judges include Steve Case, Chairman of Revolution and Case Foundation, Bedy Yang, Managing Partner of 500 Startups, and Di-Ann Eisnor, Director of Growth at Waze. #GoogleDemoDay   @GoogleForEntrep About Pilotly Pilotly helps professional content creators quickly gather feedback from target audiences, generating insights that help optimize their videos. Using our platform, television studios, advertising agencies, and filmmakers can launch viewer studies and retrieve data faster than any other video research platform. Clients include NBC Universal, Ovation TV, and New Form Digital. Pilotly joined the 500 Startups accelerator program in 2016. About Carbon Robotics Carbon Robotics builds highly intelligent robotic arms that automate tasks no human was born to do. With computer vision and machine intelligence, Carbon Robotics makes it easy for anyone to program tasks in a matter of hours instead of weeks, while their platform enables developers to build the next generation of robotic applications. About Galvanize Galvanize is a 21st Century school for engineers, entrepreneurs and data scientists.  On eight campuses across the U.S., the energy, intellect and ambition of Galvanize students, members and alumni are at the heart of a learning community that promotes belonging, and that celebrates courage and growth. Our faculty and flexible blended-learning platform, combining part-time online education and in-person training, provide the most relevant and in-demand technology skills to anyone with the smarts, drive and grit to re-skill, up-skill and define success on their terms. Our members include first-time entrepreneurs, growing startups, and Fortune 1000 companies all looking to level-up. Become a member or enroll in an immersive course by visiting the Galvanize website.  Follow us: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and YouTube.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/galvanize-members-carbon-robotics-and-pilotly-competing-at-google-demo-day-on-june-8-300469721.html SOURCE Galvanize Related Links http://www.galvanize.com 25 May, 2017, 13:40 ET Preview: Galvanize and CU Denver Announce Pathways Program My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 16 May, 2017, 13:43 ET Galvanize and CU Denver Announce Pathways Program 16 May, 2017, 13:43 ET IBM And Galvanize Partner For Cognitive Builder Faire In Austin Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Education You just read: Galvanize Members Carbon Robotics and Pilotly Competing at Google Demo Day on June 8 News provided by Galvanize 06 Jun, 2017, 14:44 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple What’s new in iOS 11? Hands-on with 100+ features and changes [Video] Trending in Apple Comment: What does the iMac Pro tell us about the all new Mac Pro to follow? Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: Apple announces iOS 11, macOS 10.13, HomePods, new iPad Pro and more Trending in Apple How & when to watch Apple’s WWDC keynote presentation live today Trending in Apple WWDC 2017: New Macs, Siri Speaker, iPads, iOS 11, and all the latest rumors Trending in Apple Comment: How Apple can put the ‘Pro’ in the iPad Pro [Video] June 6 AAPL: 154.45 0.52 iOS 11 appears to restore Gmail push in Apple Mail Greg Barbosa - Jun. 6th 2017 12:04 pm PT @gregbarbosa iOS 11 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit [Update: Added details clarifying understood push/fetch behaviors.] Gmail users rejoice as iOS 11 may have a solution for the long-standing push notification woes. No longer having to rely on a third-party app, users with Google email accounts should be able to jump back onto iOS’ native Mail app. Some time ago, it appeared that Gmail’s push notification service with Mail on iOS hit a snag. Notifications were no longer arriving as quickly as before and suffered significant delays. The alternative option was to download Gmail or Inbox by Google in lieu of using iOS’ native mail app. With iOS 11, it appears that the push notification delay issues may have been resolved. Users are reporting that push notifications with Google accounts configured in iOS’ Mail are coming in as quickly as the official apps. Previously with iOS 10, the only options for Google accounts were Manual and Fetch for new data deliveries. The Fetch option had 15 minutes, 30 minutes, hourly, or manual intervals. Under iOS 11, a new ‘Automatically’ fetch schedule option exists. Configuring the Google account using that schedule resulted in us seeing emails arriving as quickly as the official Google apps’ push notifications, if not a few seconds before. Using your Google/Gmail account with Mail on iOS 11 Go to Settings → Accounts & Passwords Select Add Account Select Google Input your credentials Return to Accounts & Passwords Select Fetch New Data Select the Automatically schedule under Fetch Note: While you will receive a push notification for emails, this behavior is still using iOS’ fetch methods. According to the new Automatically schedule fetch option, “your iPhone will fetch new data in the background only when on power and Wi-Fi.”  iOS 11 Gmail Push Notifications iOS 11 Gmail Fetch Configuration Earlier today we reported on iOS 11’s ease of WiFi credentials sharing, and FLAC audio playback. Though we’re still in the early beta stages of iOS 11, small enhancements and fixes like these are welcome. iOS 11 is currently in developer beta with a public beta expected later this month, though you may want to hold off on that install. Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news! Greg Barbosa @gregbarbosa Greg Barbosa is the Product Manager at Electrek, 9to5Google, 9to5Mac, and 9to5Toys and a writer for 9to5Mac. Favorite Gear iPhone 7 Plus, 128GB (Jet Black) Peel iPhone 7 Plus Case 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (2.9GHz i7, 16GB RAM, Radeon Pro 460, 1TB storage) Guides iOS 11 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
About US Contact US Thursday June 8th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Cyber Security Defence Intelligence Police Security Economics Environment Global Regions Africa Americas Canada Latin America United States of America Asia Pacific Asia Pacific Australia China India Japan New Zealand Europe Baltics Eurozone Ireland Russia Scandinavia United Kingdom Teaching why, not how: My takeaways from Google’s certification training By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  June 7, 2017  /  Comments Off on Teaching why, not how: My takeaways from Google’s certification training       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – I’d bet I’m not the only teacher who’s looked at my room full of students and thought, “This looks like any other classroom on the planet.” I strive to avoid that; my students are special and I want them to feel it every day. But that doesn’t always happen when I’m lecturing and they’re looking at identical worksheets. A few years ago I hit a turning point. I wanted more opportunities to work individually with my students, to develop their writing skills, and to help them become better collaborators and communicators. I knew technology could help me achieve this, but I wasn’t totally sure how my students and I could take full advantage of tools like G Suite for Education. For example, my students already loved working in Google Docs, but mostly as a substitute to pencil and paper. I thought they could do more with Google Docs to generate ideas, work together and problem solve. This sense of potential drove me to seek out more official professional development opportunities—and complete the Google Certified Education training. The simplicity and flexibility of the training made it easy to complete both the Level 1 and Level 2 courses—the videos were easy to follow, and I could go at my own pace. It didn’t feel like mandated professional development. It was actually something I wanted to do. After getting certified, I joined a Google Educator Group (GEG), helping to connect me with a network of tens of thousands of other certified educators around the world. I can send a message to one of my groups, like “I’m trying to figure out a way to help my students understand where important events in history took place using Google Earth,”  and learn how other educators are did this in their classrooms. For me, training and GEGs have sparked ideas for activities. For example, I decided to have my students create YouTube videos to teach students in other classrooms how to update images of Google Street View to offer a richer view into their communities on Google Maps. My peers inspired me to engage my students with lesson plans that focus on memorable storytelling as well as the subject matter. I’ve learned how to use Google Slides to design better presentations that include videos and images. I can share a presentation with one click and my students can access the material at home.     Print       Email Published: 2 days ago on June 7, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: June 7, 2017 @ 6:14 am Filed Under: Business, Computer Technologies, Economics, English, Global Economy, Google, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel, Trade NEXT ARTICLE → “This is not how a responsible government operates” ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Sell smarter with ProsperWorks for G Suite About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login Home Free PC Games Google Google makes games to help teach internet sense, safety and positivity to kids By Philippa Warr on June 6th, 2017 at 4:29 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google has announced Be Internet Awesome; a collaborative project focused around teaching children how to be safe online. There are a bunch of teaching resources for parents and schools but I’m posting about it because the Interland section [official site] is a suite of four colourful games each focusing on a different aspect of safety. As per the Google blog the initiative was developed in collaboration with the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition, ConnectSafely and others. Pavni Diwanji (Google’s VP of engineering for kids and families) notes: “for kids to really make the most of the web, we need more than just helpful products: We need to provide guidance as they learn to make their own smart decisions online. “This is one of the most significant issues that we all face as a new generation grows up with the Internet at their fingertips. It’s critical that the most influential people in our kids’ lives—parents and teachers, especially—help kids learn how to be smart, positive and kind online, just like we teach them to be offline. It’s something we all need to reinforce together.” First and foremost I’m interested in whether the parents among you think these games will be useful to your children. I’ve played all four and I think some felt more able to stand alone than others. The ability to act as standalone games will be more or less important depending on whether you want to use them alongside the other resources Google is offering. But given it’s far more of an investment to read the 48 page PDF which is what the curriculum section is [Be Internet Awesome Curriculum PDF] than go to the browser page it seemed to me like having them all function as fun things which teach by themselves was important. I’ve put my own thoughts below but, as I say, I’m interested in whether parents or other caregivers think differently. I’ll also add that to me it seemed like the curriculum was aiming for a totally different age range than the games. The games seemed like pre-school or very early primary age whereas the curriculum activities (which would theoretically be supported by those games) seemed to be for the top end of the primary age range – maybe even early high school. The first was a river zone which looks at phishing but crossing the river is just answering a quiz. I think the basic info it imparts is obviously useful but from being a kid at one point and knowing kids, you can know the correct answers for an educational game high score but then not apply them at all in real life. It’s things like knowing not to forward chain letters or not clicking on pop-ups offering you free stuff. You know know that in the abstract (and explicitly giving that information is valuable) but it isn’t the same as being in the moment and feeling the pressure to interact. For that one I would have been interested in a game where you maybe have to manage a pretend inbox and where clicking on the faux pop-ups gives you a penalty and the game gradually teaches you more about the ways you know if someone has been hacked. This section was also clearly US-focused in that it mentions what to do if someone asks for your social security number. I assume it’s supposed to be existing in dialogue with the other resources but sometimes that makes it feel like an end-of-chapter test rather than a tool for imparting knowledge in a fun way. I’m specifically thinking of a question where one of the answers involves verifying that an email comes from who you think it does but that can be a pretty complicated thing. The curriculum digs into that in a lot more detail, by the way. The sharing section was really interesting to me because it abstracted the idea into a kind of laser reflection puzzle. You needed to bounce a beam of light to only hit particular targets representing how you only want information to go to some people and not others. I liked how when you were sending a video you had taken of someone without permission it asked you to send it to the bin and not a person because you shouldn’t record people without permission. Other bits had you sharing a picture of an x-ray only with family. It felt like a good balance of an actual puzzle and the info Google and their associates wanted to impart to me but I’m well above the target audience. There was also a simple platformer where you collected hearts and then distributed them as compliments to fellow Internauts (for thus the game’s inhabitants are named). Big yellow bears acted as cyberbullies and would need to be reported or trapped. This felt more like a basic “don’t be a jerk” theme I’ve seen in a lot of games aimed at young children, although the idea of reporting a bully to get them removed from the gamespace felt effective. Again, I’m not sure how it would translate to real life because it would depend on the accessibilty and effectiveness of the moderation where you happened to be hanging out online. As an example, Twitter is a place where it can be incredibly difficult to get any real resolution to cyberbullying. The remaining game is a simple collection game where you pick up cubes with lower case, upper case and symbol characters in order to create a secure password. This one felt nothingy to me because it was more like a vague tutorial than actually putting any knowledge into practice. The passwords I generated using the system would perhaps have kept the enemy hacker character at bay (and hackers in real life) but I tried to memorise the password myself to see if it was useful for real life and… four minutes later it’s gone. Obviously the part about using a mixture of characters is the important part, but I’m concerned that you might leave the game thinking “well, that’s the theory but I guess I’d need to write it down to use it a second time so maybe I’ll stick with something else”. There are also a bunch of theories about online passwords and how we manage the balance between memorable and safe (or rely on some other system which we need to evaluate for safety). Perhaps that’s overthinking it. But lest it sound like I’m being dismissive of the Be Internet Awesome project as a whole, I downloaded and read the curriculum PDF. I’ve been pointing out that it augments and improves upon the browser games but there are some cool activities beyond the Interland games tucked away in there. The one which just caught my eye is where you give kids a selection of online activity from various characters and see what they can deduce from those snippets about that person. There’s a detective game element but it would underline the point that you can give away a lot of information without meaning to if you aren’t careful. It includes things like status updates, browser history, checking in at locations, pictures from events and more which could be used to find you or figure out how you might be vulnerable. An extension of that activity encourages kids to look at the information and see what other types of people might think based on that info. What would an employer assume? What would your family think? What would the police find out? What would an advertiser get? How about you in ten years? Another activity in that section is about evaluating the information you have and whether you a) have the right to share it in the first place and b) if you do whether it’s in the appropriate place. To me it feels like the curriculum document is the far stronger piece which is perhaps to be expected. It’s great on one level because it offers a bunch of different ways of approaching important topics but I’m a little disappointed that the games can’t seem to do more of the heavy lifting, simply because downloading and reading a 48 page PDF is less immediately engaging than playing browser games. Anyhoodle. Enough from me. What do you think? Good? Bad? Weird age discrepancy? Sudden strange need to throw letter blocks on the floor as a means of password generation? Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 10 Comments 06/06/2017 at 17:51 Eightball says: Thanks corporate overlords! Thorporate overlords. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 18:34 Kefren says: Ironic when Google are one of the companies that makes online privacy a nightmare to maintain. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 19:28 skeletortoise says: In order to help Google teach you about internet safety please provide us with your current location, financial information, and partial rights to your soul. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 22:11 Marclev says: Comments above seem rather cynical. This seem like *a good thing* to me. I looked at the site, and as far as teaching kids about internet safety, playing a games has got to be more effective than lecturing them, so good on Google for doing this in my opinion. Log in to Reply 06/06/2017 at 22:58 Someoldguy says: I’d be interested to know what age range and technical knowledge level this is aimed at. I wouldn’t equate setting up a sensible password with the age where you’re managing your own emails and video sharing. Maybe this is a toolset you dip into at need? I know from personal experience that most kids in our school are using the computer from a very young age. The BBC even has CBeebies games for the 3-5s. Having graduated to games that need accounts (like Roblox) I did try and teach my kid the value of having a secure password and not sharing it. Can’t have done it too well because it wasn’t too long before he’d given it away to another player offering him free Robux. Fortunately their security meant I could recover the account pretty quickly, but it taught him about password security far more effectively than all my gentle nagging. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 00:03 haldolium says: The game itself seems as detached to reality as many other educational ideas are, the PDF does do a lot more. For instance addressing the parents at the very start. I’ve played the game a bit and the target demographic clearly is very young, too young to actually grasp the meaning. Older children are most def. more interested in actual games, or are already deep into CS, CoD or GTA and would laugh off about this in their favorite subreddit or whatever kids use these days (ICQ still a thing?) The irony of this being a Google endeavor aside, this may should’ve been a game targeting at PARENTS who don’t know shit about the internet instead of kids, who grew up, make mistakes, and then maybe learn from it. Or being educated by their smarphone-moms who all the sudden got a game made by Google that educated them how all their facebook baby pics, candy crush spendings, trump re-tweeting and hatespeech postings are actually bad. Media literacy needs to be a mandatory subject of raising kids today, there is no way around that. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 05:40 dethtoll says: Safety and positivity? Sounds like a commie safe space for libcuck sno– okay no I can’t do that with a straight face today. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 06:03 death_au says: Games have the general idea down, but… I don’t know. I think they were a bit too boring and/or heavy handed. The blocking/reporting/spread positive vibes platformer was a decent enough idea. The abstraction of sharing into a light puzzle was a neat idea, but I feel like part of the puzzle should have been who you share the posts to, rather than telling you from the start. The password runner was just boring; I kept tripping over the corners of rocks and losing progress and it’s basically a password generator on its own and doesn’t encourage you to participate in creating your own passwords. And the phishing river quiz? No kid is going to care about that. Too boring. Plus it seems a bit self serving of Google to suggest that a site is probably trustworthy because it ranks highly in search results… In any case, I think the games are a neat idea but they need work. The Phishing one in particular I think could be replaced entirely with a Papers, Please style accept or reject based on how trustworthy the email looks with increasingly legit looking spam. The password generation one needs a rethink, too. I feel like there needs to be something where a ‘hacker’ character is attempting to brute force a bunch of accounts (treasure chests) which you have to lock with passwords. Too simple and the chests get unlocked quickly, and you can change a password to reset a hacker’s progress. Perhaps you could also include ‘phishing’ chests which take the password you enter and if your other passwords are too similar it unlocks those chests. Just spitballing here. Log in to Reply 07/06/2017 at 12:11 RaoulDuke says: I’m not 100% sure what “oversharers” means, but I think that it could exclude autistic kids by accident which would be a shame. Log in to Reply 08/06/2017 at 00:45 jorjordandan says: I played through them all, and I thought it was great. My 5 year old could do the games pretty easily, other than the reading heavy river one. Fortunately, she has no account that could be phished. But you can’t really make this type of educational game even the least bit frustrating, or you will alienate someone. I think most non-gamers appreciate easy games – the little dopamine hits of success might even get them to try some other games. I think that the points were well made, and well adapted to game form. The lasers reflecting game really emphasized the fact that you need to think before you post about who that post will reach. I thought that was smart. I think there are LOTS of adults who would benefit from playing through these – even if they are not super fun, it’s a great tool to get you to think about this stuff for a few minutes. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags Google, Interland, Online safety. Search for clues News and things Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November Suck on this PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements We'll take 'em Super Meat Boy co-creator announces The End Is Nigh And in the game Be a struggling artist in painting sim Passpartout Struggle baguettes genuis And much more… The Top Best Bestest Games Of 2017 So Far 43 absolute gems Caveblazers is an interesting contrast to Spelunky I love it despite frustrations Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber poliovaccine : “*I* hadnt forgotten about this! This is what I'm hoping upon hope will be a ...” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November PiiSmith : “I am not sure if it encourages "camping" more than the other game mechanics do. ...” on PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements JakeOfRavenclaw : “I actually dug Remember Me quite a bit and have been hoping Dontnod would take ...” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November PiiSmith : “But do they match make with other players of your skill or just try to ...” on PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds patch brings minor performance improvements poliovaccine : “From what I understand, it's exactly both.” on Dontnod’s Vampyr rising in November The 50 Best FPS On PC The Worthiest Reticules Of All Time Have You Played... Batman: Arkham Knight? Deploy BatFranchise Help me, I can't stop playing Flow Free Anything but free Best PC Gaming Deals Of The Week Find yourself a bargain Police Stories has a free alpha and a lot of potential Questions later Have You Played... Dead Space? Isaac Yankem The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. What the Cyberpunk 2020 RPG can tell us about Cyberpunk 2077 What would Saint William Gibson do? Paradox on the future of historical strategy, RPGs and their internal development studio "The next Crusader Kings could be an RPG" The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island The Joy Of Arkham Asylum's broken Batman Batbeards and Batbruises Have You Played… Assassin’s Creed? "You killed me? Let's talk" The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Steam Charts: A New Dawn Plop-pickers The Sunday Papers Read more How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 What are we all playing this weekend? WELL? All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 5550 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 0.737% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Report Tech Breaking down Apple’s new augmented reality platform New, 33 comments A stepping stone, but a pretty cool one by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Jun 6, 2017, 2:22pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple finally announced an augmented reality platform for developers yesterday, and it’s about time. ARKit, as the tool is called, lets app makers draw on detailed camera and sensor data to map digital objects into 3D space. This lets them move beyond simple 2D camera overlays, without requiring the heavy-duty software engineering behind more advanced tools like Snapchat world lenses. If nothing else, Apple has just made catching pokémon more immersive. But ARKit could also let the company compete against Google, which currently sets the gold standard for phone-based augmented reality. It could even set the stage for augmented reality glasses and virtual reality. Here’s what that means. Apple “world tracking” is a strike at Google and Facebook ARKit enables what Apple refers to as “world tracking,” which works through a technique called visual-inertial odometry. Using the iPhone or iPad’s camera and motion sensors, ARKit finds a bunch of points in the environment, then tracks them as you move the phone. It doesn’t create a 3D model of a space, but it can “pin” objects to one point, realistically changing the scale and perspective. It can also find flat surfaces, which is great for putting digital props on a floor or table. Apple imagines people using this tech in ways that make it sound a lot like Google’s Tango platform. It referenced an upcoming app from Ikea, for example, which seems very likely to involve putting virtual furniture in your house — something Wayfair has been doing on Tango for a long time. But ARKit has a huge advantage over Tango: it’s going to be available on a giant swathe of existing devices, while Google needs each Android manufacturer to build Tango hardware into their phones. Facebook is also pushing augmented reality hard, touting some advanced machine learning. But developers are limited to working with Facebook’s own Camera app, while Apple will let them add augmented reality to independent iOS apps. With ARKit, Apple says it’s got “the largest AR platform in the world,” and that may well be true. ARKit is still a limited platform On the other hand, ARKit doesn’t work exactly like Tango. Tango has extra cameras to pick up wide-angle images and depth data, and over the past couple of years, it’s developed very precise tracking capabilities. You can do things like scan an entire room and instantly build a 3D model of it, which requires a separate peripheral on iOS. You can also use Tango with a minimum of frustration, because it’s good at keeping objects in place. ARKit could improve individual elements of existing AR apps; Apple promises excellent object scaling, for example. Apple says ARKit also uses a fraction of the phone’s CPU, so it could make AR less of a resource drain. But it doesn’t transform the iPhone or iPad’s basic tracking capabilities. It just makes them available to more developers, who will no longer have to build their own tracking and imaging systems. Apple also doesn’t seem as interested as Facebook and Google in hooking this all up to internet search by default. Developers can use Apple’s new machine learning framework to identify objects in a scene, but Apple’s not talking about identifying wine vintages the way Facebook did at F8, or letting Siri analyze concert posters and auto-translate signs the way Google did with Assistant at I/O. ARKit is a stepping stone As my colleague Lauren Goode mentioned, Apple is supposedly developing augmented reality glasses, and it needs apps to make that work. ARKit gets iOS developers thinking about AR, so hopefully somebody will come up with a great use case to help Apple’s hardware avoid the ignominious fate of Google Glass. But ARKit is also a stepping stone in a smaller sense. As a general iOS 11 feature, it’s straddling the gap between Apple’s single-camera devices and its dual-camera iPhone 7 Plus. These cameras offer better depth sensing, and if they become a standard iOS feature, ARKit could start feeling a lot closer to Tango. It’s also a gateway to VR If a phone can track someone walking around a virtual object, you could theoretically pop that phone in a VR headset and let them walk around a virtual environment. That’s why Google used Tango technology for its all-in-one VR headset. Lots of people have speculated that Apple is planning an iPhone-based headset, particularly since it may be switching to VR-friendly OLED screens. And now that Apple is officially in the augmented reality game, it’s less of a leap to full VR. That said, there’s a much higher bar for virtual reality tracking: you won’t literally get sick if an AR object slips out of place, which is a real concern in VR. So what will people do with ARKit right now? For all the excitement over augmented reality, it’s worth remembering that no one has launched a major app with AR as the main selling point. Pokémon Go, touted as one of AR’s big successes, featured the technology as a minor aesthetic perk; we even recommended people turn it off to play the game better. Snapchat augmented reality took off because people were already using Snapchat, and if AR filters succeed on Facebook, it’ll likely be for the same reason. Making augmented reality more accessible could change this, freeing developers to build AR-first apps for a huge audience with low overhead. Even if these don’t break through, augmented reality’s “killer app” could also be the slow creep of AR into apps people are already using — think ubiquitous filters in video services, or an optional AR mode in games. Neither of these futures would be as exciting as augmented reality glasses, but it would help advance a technology that’s been on the cusp of arriving for years — with devices people already use. In this Storystream WWDC 2017: the latest news from Apple’s big developer conference Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop Breaking down Apple’s new augmented reality platform Apple halves cost of 2TB iCloud plan to $9.99 a month View all 48 stories Next Up In Tech Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none The 6 best new features in iOS 11 It’s impossible for Google and Facebook to be politically neutral Roli's Seaboard Block is a $299 multitouch keyboard that works with your phone Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal Time to check you don’t have auto-renew turned on The 6 best new features in iOS 11 iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Well, this is a welcome change YouTube’s gossip vloggers have created their own tabloid industry There are YouTube celebrities, so of course there are YouTube tabloids Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 19. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest The Vergecast reports back from WWDC by Andrew Marino Pokémon Go will host real-life events to celebrate its anniversary by Andrew Liptak Shadow of War’s new story trailer sets the stage for the battle over Mordor by Chaim Gartenberg Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller 5 comments / new Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 34 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Tech Search Search boutique hotelsThe Original Hospitality Disrupter On LeadingThis Is How Occidental Petroleum’s CEO Led Through a Crisis Donald TrumpPresident Trump’s Aides Are Urging Him Not to Fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions Comey testimonyWhat to Expect From James Comey’s Testimony Apple Here’s What Analysts Said About Apple’s WWDC Aaron Pressman Jun 06, 2017 Apple opened its annual "World Wide Developer Conference" on Monday with a keynote address that packed in dozens of announcements of interesting new products and software features. But with many of the top WWDC surprises already leaked, the news deluge had little impact on Apple's stock price, which has risen less than 1% since the keynote. Apple's new $349 music speaker cum digital assistant, dubbed the HomePod, drew the most attention from Wall Street analysts. Many noted that Apple is trailing Amazon's (amzn) Echo and Google's (googl) Google Home speakers in the new market for voice-controlled digital devices. "The most important announcement was Apple’s entry into the smart speaker market with the HomePod," Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski wrote. But the higher price than competitors and integration only with Apple's own music service, not rivals like Spotify and Pandora (p), could limit the initial appeal of the speaker, Jankowski noted. Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter. However Apple often trails the competition in introducing new products and then wins down the road with a better conceived solution, Steven Milunovich at UBS pointed out. The HomePod announcement was more focused on music, where Apple is strong, and less on the use of digital assistance to look up information or send messages, where Apple seems to be behind, he noted. "Apple is behind but the company rarely is first yet still won in music players, smartphones, and tablets," Milunovich wrote. "Net net, Apple appears to be playing defense but needed to enter this category with a twist." Related UberUber’s Biggest Rival in India Says the Company Is ‘Despicable’ Uber Uber’s Biggest Rival in India Says the Company Is ‘Despicable’ That weakness in services, along with Apple's dependence on selling expensive hardware for most of its profits, had Andy Hargreaves at Pacific Crest Securities concerned about Apple's long-term future. "This highlights a broader issue for Apple as consumers' interaction with computing becomes even more fragmented,"Hargreaves wrote. "Services in which Apple is weak are likely to drive the bulk of consumer value. At the extreme, this trend risks devaluing both mobile operating systems and hardware, which could create risk to Apple’s smartphone pricing power over time." Software upgrades Apple also announced new software tools to help app developers in two of the hottest areas, artificial intelligence and augmented and virtual reality. Fostering "killer apps" apps for the Apple software market with more of those features could become increasingly significant over the next few years, according to Katy Huberty at Morgan Stanley. If developers enhance Apple-compatible apps in those areas, it "will expand iPhone user spend, improve customer stickiness and drive the 19% [year over year] services growth required to hit the company's target of doubling Services revenue by 2020," she wrote, referring to Apple's sales from apps, media and online storage. In yet another section of the jam-packed keynote address, Apple announced it was adding the capability to its messaging app to send money from one person to another, mimicking PayPal's (pypl) popular Venmo service. If the service takes off, it could prompt Apple to create its own debit-card like service for storing and sending cash, analyst Rod Hall at JPMorgan noted. "Importantly, this makes it necessary to now store credit in a virtual card on the phone which we could see Apple converting to a physical debit card in the not too distant future," Hall wrote. "To the extent that this allows Apple to participate more fully in payment economics this could foreshadow a large additional earnings opportunity for the company." PayPal probably doesn't have much to fear, especially in the short-term, Cowen & Co. analyst George Mihalos said. "Fears of a 'Venmo killer' are likely overblown," he wrote. Still, some analysts dismissed the bulk of the Apple (aapl) announcements as less than earth-shattering. Abhey Lamba at Mizuho Securities dubbed the Mac and iPad hardware upgrades "largely evolutionary in nature" and most of the software updates as "incremental in nature." Lamba remains laser focused on the expected next round of iPhone updates, likely arriving in the fall, as the most important factor driving the company's success. And there was no news on Monday about the new phones. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Make Canoe my Homepage Twitter Facebook RSS Français Canoe - Technology Canoe News News Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Videos Greg Gianforte Pledges $50K To Press Group After... Money Monitor: Choosing between bonds and GICs A Galápagos Tortoise Species Thought To Be... News Chilling video of cops gunning down sick London... Video: Insane gun battle after suspect caught... Edmonton police hunt fake cop in sexual assault... Showbiz Showbiz Celebrities Television Movies Music Books Theatre Videos Photos Videos DTLA Talks: Can You Define Millennial Slang? Ariel Winter's Mom Wants Her Daughter to Cover Up George Clooney's Twins Have His Nose and Dark Hair News Ariel Winter's mom wants her to cover up Keith Urban, Carrie Underwood win big at CMT... 'I always had a reason to be punk'; Donald Glover... Sports Sports Videos Photos Scoreboard Hockey Wrestling Football Baseball Basketball Videos Pittsburgh coach says Penguins must play with... Argos prep for pre-season Teen F1 driver Stroll set for his first Canadian... News Simmons: Predators brass found diamond in the... Cavaliers simply have no answer for Warriors Flames' Burke says team will 'just leave' without... Hot Topics Chad Johnson not happy with... Chad Johnson not happy with TSN Kessel blasts 'embarrassing,... Kessel blasts embarrassing media Money Money Videos Photos Videos Lindsay Lohan Plans to Launch Jewelry Line Katy Perry Pulls in $25M to Judge 'American Idol' Johnny Depp Caused Chaos Filming Pirates of the... News Kellogg shuts distribution centres, lays off... Kinder Morgan Canada shares fall in debut amid... Female CEOs make more than their male... Hot Topics Amazon work culture Could happen here iPod demoted Put with chargers Lifestyle Lifestyle Style & Beauty Food & Drink Love & Sex Living Horoscopes Comics Puzzles Royals Videos Bella Hadid Chooses Donuts Over Yoga 'Arrow' Star Katie Cassidy is Engaged to Matthew... Jon Hamm Loves a Lady With Style News Client worries about contractor's bumper sticker See what words Canadians misspell the most Is 'eating for two' putting your baby at risk? Hot Topics Rate the look: Celebrity look... Rate the look: Celebrity look of th day Top-rated wines Wines of the week Health Travel Travel Destinations Activities News Tips & Trends Tools Videos Photos Videos A Drake themed Tour of The 6 Kanye West Retreats to Wyoming to Record New Music Inside Bella Hadid's Secret Affordable Jamaican... News 1969 Woodstock site gets historic recognition Ways to keep celebrating Montreal's 375th... Oh the Places You'll Go! Dr. Seuss museum opens... Hot Topics TRIVIA Can you ID the provincial flags? HOTELS 11 things Canadians forget most Driving Tech Tech Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews Videos Photos Videos Examine it: Transporting bicycles safely Taste it! Hymercar Grand Canyon S Test it! Citroen C5 Tourer News LG G6 Review: Bold, beautiful smartphone Google launches online safety program 'Be... Apple unveils 'HomePod' speaker Videos Photos Videos Photos Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews CanoeTech Blog News & Features Reviews News & Features Reviews News & Features Reviews Tech Reviews Gaming Reviews Mobile Reviews Google launches online safety program to teach your kids how to 'Be Internet Awesome' This April 26, 2017, file photo shows a Google icon on a mobile phone in Philadelphia. Google is spearheading an educational campaign to teach pre-teen children how to protect themselves from scams, predators and other trouble. The program announced Tuesday, June 6, is called âBe Internet Aware.â (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) Latest News Apple unveils 'HomePod' speaker Drone delivers doughnuts to Denver police and fire departments Battery boast, better viewing angles for refreshed Microsoft Surface Share THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Jun 6, 2017 , Last Updated: 2:09 PM ET MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. — Google is spearheading an educational campaign to teach pre-teen children how to protect themselves from scams, predators and other trouble. The program announced Tuesday is called “Be Internet Awesome.” Google co-ordinated the curriculum with several online safety groups, including the Family Online Safety Institute , the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and Connect Safely . Introducing #BeInternetAwesome, a way for kids to learn how to be smart, confident explorers of the online world → https://t.co/HOmhOH5qYe pic.twitter.com/djF5YKBja6 — Google (@Google) June 6, 2017 The lessons are tailored for kids ranging from eight to 12 years old, a time when many of today’s children are getting their own smartphones and other devices that connect to the internet. To make the experience more fun, Google and its partners developed a game called “Interland” to help teach children about the ins and outs of online safety. Google is encouraging teachers to use elements of its program in their classrooms, too. Videos Examine it: Transporting bicycles safely Taste it! Hymercar Grand Canyon S Test it! Citroen C5 Tourer Examine it! Formula Student Germany Test it! Skoda Superb Laurin and Klement Examine it! Smart Times 2016 in Hamburg Examine it! Hyundai IONIQ Electro Audi factory opens in Mexico Innovative: Jaguar F-Pace Vintage: Saab 99 Turbo Examine it!: Seat Formula Student Inventive: Seat Formula Student Previous Next More Videos Photos Highlights from CES 2017 Google's hardware event Apple's September 2016 event Facebook's Area 404 hardware lab Samsung Unpacked 2016 event 'Uncharted 4: A Thief's End' screenshots New Apple products at March 21 event Social humanoid Nadine Images from CES 2016 CES 2016: 5 trends that will rule this year's show Canada on Twitter in 2015 'Halo 5: Guardians': 5 things we love about Xbox juggernaut Previous Next More Photos Ads VIDEOS Most Popular Photos Videos News YouTube stars' first jobs 'Star Wars Battlefront' screenshots 'No Man's Sky' screenshots Pepper, the robot with 'heart' Ubisoft presser at E3 Examine it: Transporting bicycles safely Taste it! Hymercar Grand Canyon S Samsung Galaxy Note 7 comes with iris scanner Jays' Aaron Sanchez talks baseball and MLB The Show 17 Examine it!: Seat Formula Student Amazon Prime Video officially coming to Canada Ashley Madison's Toronto parent company pays $1.6M in settlements after security breach Yahoo says hackers stole information from over 1 billion accounts The best video games of 2016: From Titanfall 2 to Uncharted 4, here's the cream of the crop Facebook finally gets serious about fighting fake news Ads Blogs Greg GazinGadgets for Dad for Father’s Day Greg GazinASUS ROG Zephyrus world’s thinnest gaming laptop Adam SwimmerPervy PS4 game protects players’ privacy with ‘mom just... Adam Swimmer‘Fallout 4′ officially announced Reviews Nintendo's Switch: 5 things to watch for Stars 'Horizon Zero Dawn' a perfect gaming experience5 Stars 'The Last Guardian' more than lives up to hype Stars More reviews Burning question Which iPhone 7 do you want? iPhone 7. iPhone 7 Plus. Both. Neither. Submit Results Ads Canoe Top Headlines news Couple to eat better after $55M Lotto Max win news Man accused in hammer attack on cops news Reality Winner arrested in NSA leak showbiz Meg Ryan wows in red carpet return Canoe SunMedia is a member of Horoscopes Driving Classifieds Your Life Moments Your Life Moments Blogs.com flyer city News Showbiz Sports Money Lifestyle Travel Tech Games Health Videos Classifieds Life Moments Flyercity Partners Comics Crosswords Horoscopes Movie Listings Lottos Scores TV Listings Weather Follow Us Google Plus Facebook RSS Canoe Showbiz Sports Tech Travel Money Canoe Mobile Canoe.com is available on iPhone, iPad and Android About Canoe Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Help Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay BREAKING NEWS Former FBI Director James Comey to testify in Washington -- WATCH LIVE AT 7 AM Full Story Email BREAKING NEWS Track the rain with Live Doppler 7 -- WATCH LIVE Full Story Email BREAKING NEWS Warriors facing off against rival Cavaliers in Game 4 Friday on ABC7 Full Story Email share share tweet email TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Former FBI Director James Comey to testify in Washington -- WATCH LIVE AT 7 AM Full Story Email BREAKING NEWS Track the rain with Live Doppler 7 -- WATCH LIVE Full Story Email BREAKING NEWS Warriors facing off against rival Cavaliers in Game 4 Friday on ABC7 Full Story Email share share tweet email GOOGLE San Jose mayor to discuss talks with Google on Diridion station development Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7news.com/video/embed/?pid=2069041" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo held a press conference Tuesday afternoon to discuss the city commencing discussions with Google on the possible development of a mixed-use, transit-oriented office space in the area of the Diridon station. KGO By David Louie Tuesday, June 06, 2017 06:08PM SAN JOSE, Calif. (KGO) -- San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo held a press conference Tuesday afternoon to discuss the city commencing discussions with Google on the possible development of a mixed-use, transit-oriented office space in the area of the Diridon station. It was supposed to be the site of the proposed A's stadium. But, with that project dead, years of casual discussions between Google and San Jose started to get serious. The project's plans anticipate significant investment over time, with world-class architecture, publicly accessible outdoor plazas and paseos, street-level retail shops, and a public greenbelt and park along the Los Gatos Creek. The development would optimize rail, bus and BART connections, create active pedestrian and bicycle corridors, and promote TDM measures and shared parking opportunities. Formal negotiations to buy the city-owned land haven't started. Google isn't laying out its plans in detail. However, San Jose officials say Google is interested in building a six-million square foot complex for research & development and for offices. That could mean thousands of new jobs coming to downtown. "In partnership with Google, we can reimagine Silicon Valley's landscape, by creating a vibrant, architecturally iconic, transit-focused village that provides a model for a more sustainable future, and a sharp departure from the sprawling, auto-oriented tilt-up tech campuses of the Valley's past," San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo said. "The time has come for us to think boldly about the future of our city's center. Silicon Valley's center of gravity is shifting southward. As we build Diridon to become the busiest multi-modal station in the West, the tens of thousands who will commute here daily will know that they have arrived in Silicon Valley's urban center, and that Downtown San Jose has arrived." San Jose's vice mayor and councilmembers representing the Diridon and downtown area had the following comments to make on the prospective development proposal: "Google's interest in potentially laying down roots in San Jose will be transformational to the landscape of downtown and the entire city," San Jose Vice Mayor Magdalena Carrasco said. "We have been working for a project like this for decades. The development of the Diridon area is at a critical juncture, this is the right place, the right time, with the right people, for the right reasons." Councilmember Dev Davis added: "This proposal is exciting, because it will activate an area between downtown and the Diridon station, helping to connect the two." "I'm excited about this development proposal. I believe it is the best use for Diridon," San Jose Councilmember Raul Peralez said. "We share the company's vision and look forward to working with them." San Jose has long envisioned its Diridon Caltrain station being the largest transit hub in the Bay Area. VTA buses already serve the station. This is where a downtown BART line will terminate. High-speed rail is also going to connect here. That's what appears to be attracting Google. The city administration will propose that the city enter into an Exclusive Negotiations Agreement (ENA) with Google to facilitate its intention to assemble lands owned by the city and the Successor Agency of the Redevelopment Agency. "They understand their employees want to be part of an integrated community. They want to have access to the outdoors. They want to have mobility options -- trains and buses and all those things, so it really will transform out landscape in downtown San Jose," Teresa Alvarado with SPUR San Jose said. The San Jose City Council is expected to consider the staff recommendations at its June 20, 2017 meeting. "Google's interest in the Diridon area is an affirmation of the growing value of the Diridon station, downtown San Jose and the talent pool San Jose offers. We look forward to working with Google and stakeholders to bring forward a transformative project for council consideration," San Jose Director of Economic Development and Deputy City Manager Kim Walesh said. Click here to read more stories about Google. Bay City News contributed to this story. Report a Typo Related Topics: businessgooglejobssam liccardotechnologySan Jose Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KGO-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. GOOGLE Congressman invites UK PM to Silicon Valley over social media fears Google Doodle honors SF's Gilbert Baker, creator of Rainbow Flag Google releases list of America's most misspelled words Google, UC Berkeley seek volunteers to document August solar eclipse More google BUSINESS ABC7's Beyond the Headlines with Cheryl Jennings: Asian Pacific American Roundtable Uber fires over 20 employees due to complaints Apple WWDC attendees inspired by Michelle Obama 650-mile ride from Texas to Tennessee may be farthest Uber ride ever More Business Top Stories James Comey testifies about President Trump -- WATCH LIVE ANALYSIS: Trump vindicated? President gets from Comey what he wanted all along Durant's dagger 3 lifts Warriors over Cavs 118-113 in Game 3 Interest mounts in Bay Area and beyond as Comey testimony looms Officials: Fremont student stuck 14 kids with needle Bay Area artist paints Warriors stars on unique canvas hats High-tech basketball could help you handle like the pros Show More Trial ends for man accused of stuffing body into suitcase VIDEOS: Warriors discuss Game 3 win on ABC7's 'After the Game' Child's death in Texas serves as warning about 'dry drowning' FBI, police hold weapons of mass destruction drills Fugitive Va. sex offender arrested near SF homeless shelter More News Top Video James Comey testifies about President Trump -- WATCH LIVE Interest mounts in Bay Area and beyond as Comey testimony looms Officials: Fremont student stuck 14 kids with needle SF man faces felony charges in disabled parking placard scheme More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News San FranciscoEast BaySouth BayPeninsulaNorth Bay Categories 7 On Your Side Distraction U.S. & World California Business Technology I-Team Assignment 7 Politics Sports Entertainment Health Station Info About ABC7 Meet the News Team Our Community Contests, Promotions & Rules Jobs & Internships uReport: Your Photos & Videos Shows ABC7 Live Newscasts Beyond The Headlines with Cheryl Jennings ABC7 Specials TV Listings Bay Area LIFE Live Well Network/Laff TV Bay Area Life; Sundays at 6:30 p.m. on ABC7 Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KGO-TV San Francisco
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Lineage OS update: SafetyNet stance on Android downloads Chris Burns - Jun 6, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The folks formerly designing and releasing CyanogenMod now working on Lineage OS have revealed their stance on SafetyNet. This is an Android safety precaution made by Google to stop users working with rooted and/or bootloader unlocked devices from accessing certain apps. It’s a safety precaution made by Google – one that Google takes extremely seriously. As such, the team developing Lineage is going to take SafetyNet serious as well. SafetyNet is an API made by Google for the Google Play app store. More specifically it’s a security system that’s built in to the Google Play app store as well as a switch in Android that developers can choose to employ at will. SafetyNet detects whether the device it’s checking is in a known-good state. Just a few apps don’t work or do not appear in Google Play as a result of SafetyNet switches at the moment. But the number is growing. Developers have found, it would appear, that Android users who root aren’t exactly their top customers. When the amount of profit a developer makes from a type of user is less than that of their cost/risk analysis, they flip the SafetyNet switch. SEE TOO: Lineage OS is a go! In a release pushed this week by the folks that develop Lineage OS, they describe how they’ll handle SafetyNet through the future. “Our official stance is that we will not intentionally circumvent an integrity check that Google has put in place for app developers,” said the Lineage OS team. “Any action taken to bypass SafetyNet risks a backlash against all custom OSes, and could cause Google to block them entirely from the Play Store,” said the Lineage OS team. “We have always taken the approach that our customizations should not change the underlying Android architecture in ways that developers cannot predict.” For more information on Lineage OS, hit up the link presented just above this paragraph. We’ll be diving more into the insides of Lineage OS soon. All you Android users that want to take the fork in the road – now’s as good a time as any! Story Timeline Cyanogen takes CyanogenMod down with it, Lineage is born Why did CyanogenMod die? What is LineageOS? All the important details LineageOS Gerrit is up: CyanogenMod being written-out Wileyfox drops CyanogenMod, LineageOS may wait in the wings Lineage OS is green, 80+ devices supported in weekly builds Tags AndroidgooglehackingLineageOSmobilePhonesrootsecuritysmartphoneSoftware Must Read Bits & Bytes E3 2017 Schedule: Press conferences for Nintendo, Microsoft, and more Apple let me down: 3 things I wanted to see at WWDC 2017 Apple’s HomePod sounds terrific – but the Siri Speaker has a big issue iPad Pro with iOS 11 isn’t enough to compete with the Surface Pro 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Latest Headlines 5 Things You Need To Know About The 2017 Honda Ridgeline Black Edition Jun 8, 2017 Android versus iOS 11: what Google needs to do Jun 8, 2017 ROLI’s $299 Seaboard Block is a modular squishy-keyed keyboard Jun 8, 2017 iOS 11 features Apple didn’t talk about at WWDC 2017 Jun 8, 2017 Super Nintendo World’s main attraction will be Mario Kart Jun 8, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio Review: Nothing exceeds like excess Jun 6, 2017 Vizio SmartCast M65-D1 Review Jun 5, 2017 HTC U11 Review: You won’t buy this, but you should Jun 1, 2017 Elgato Eve Degree Review: A simple temperature & humidity HomeKit sensor May 31, 2017 Lenovo Thinkpad 13 Review (2017): Cheap and mostly cheerful May 30, 2017 Site Information About / Advertise / Tip Us / Contact Policies Ethics Statement / Privacy Policy / Terms of Use © 2005-2017 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Minority Report] Google and Coca-Cola may target personalized ads at you - in real life Ryne Hager Follow View All Posts 2017/05/10 11:27am PDTMay 10, 2017 23 Plus 1 on G+ 46 Share on Facebook 50 Share on Twitter Total Shares119 News Videos Google and Coca-Cola's partnership effort for in-store advertising displays looks to be bearing fruit. The advertising system uses DoubleClick's preference and tracking data combined with Google's Beacon Platform to serve up targeted ads by pulling data from passing smartphones. With that info, displays are able to select content based on your preferences in the form of advertisements specifically targeted to passersby. In a recent grocery store pilot program the Minority Report-style ads performed quite very well. This isn't actually that new. It was discussed at a few places in the last couple months since the details were revealed at Google's conference. But, it seems to have quite effectively flown under the radar for that time, considering how cool it is. Coca-Cola made a detailed post about it on one of their social promotion sites in April as well, in which they talked about the potential environments for these tracking signage systems, like movie theaters and other Retail venues than just grocery stores. Google's partnership with Coca-Cola for this system has been discussed off-and-on for a few years. Back at the National Automatic Merchandising Association's OneShow in 2016 Google talked about the potential as applied to vending machines, and said that Google and Coca-Cola were working together on Bluetooth beacons for vending, but this is the first time I've actually gotten to see what it looks like and how it performs. Coca-Cola's Greg Chambers, at Google's recent Cloud Next Conference, said that it has been experimenting with small tests into proximity marketing since at least 2015 when they first started working with Google on a prototype. The two companies tested things with a pilot for the system in 250 Albertson's grocery stores, in which Coca-Cola saw some incredible results. There was a one year ROI on Coca-Cola products displayed by the system, and a spillover effect from so-called "category-lift," in the form of a total one-month ROI for all nearby soda products — i.e., this system sells a lot of soda for Coca-Cola and all other brands near it. There's no word yet on when or how Coca-Cola might roll this out to other stores, but given how positive the results were for the pilot tests, it is likely you'll see one someday at the end of the soda aisle in your local grocery. On a more technical note, I'm not sure exactly what sort of data is being sent to the displays by nearby phones or how it is taken. Allegedly the system uses Google's Eddystone beacons, which exchange information with nearby phones using Bluetooth low energy. This is the first time I've heard of Google's Beacon Platform actually being used, combined with DoubleClick's targeting advertising systems, to target people in the physical world. The privacy-conscious might express some concern at the potential of having your phone communicate your preferences to an in-store display, but I would hope and assume that any identifying information is stripped out. Either way, we're one step closer to this. Source: Digital Strategy Consulting Tags beacon platform beacons bluetooth low energy Coca-Cola Eddystone Targeted advertisements video subscribe ... Previous Story T-Mobile SyncUP DRIVE now supports up to 24 cars ... Next Story Netflix updated to v5.0 with HDR video for LG G6 Trending 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Dallas King Screw commercials and advertisements: I don't need the media constantly telling me what I should and shouldn't buy. athorax Media here, yes you do. Anu6is Stop being absurd, how else would you know what you NEED? WesleySmalls Actually, you do. People require social interaction, it's a very strong part of our being. Humans generally don't like to be alone, and very much can't over longer periods of time. Because of this, people tend to follow each other's example in one way or another, advertising is just one of the many examples Ben Yeah, your phone communicating with a vending machine to give you personalised advertisements is not in any way 'social interaction'. WesleySmalls I did not say anything about that, it wasn't even remotely close, nor was the post I commented on. But of course, else you had to actually comment on my actual post, and realize that it's true that people follow other people Prezes Dyrektor But you are making it sound like advertising is indispensable in our lives. Well guess what, ads is the reason why I cut cable tv, they don't have those fancy adblockers. Ads is the reason I mostly listen to local academic radio without any. Etc. Ads and marketing are evil, and we are being manipulated every day. Now excuse me as I run to grab some sugar soda and candy. xyz Your second sentence was "People require social interaction". It seems you didn't bother reading your own comment. WesleySmalls Indeed, that was a art of my comment, which was a reply to a comment that wasnt about any digital technologies. Ryne Hager https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKlSVNxLB-A xyz "Humans generally don't like to be alone, and very much can't over longer periods of time." Right, that's why we have these things called friends and family. I mean if ads are your way making the loneliness go away, good for you. WesleySmalls It wasnt really difficult to grasp that advertisement uses these relationships and human behavior to advertise their product Avishek GSkynet: Resistance is Futile https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/eceea630e7e43621ded725c3914bdc7a06d9b153943c3512fb6b0f0eeff75d71.png Bryan Does it just give a different Coke commercial based on my tastes? Or are people going to start getting ads for the sex toys they have in their amazon cart? Bane✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ There's one way to find out. Add some (more) sex toys to your Amazon cart and then go grocery shopping! Deannalshepherd Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !ss165c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !ss165c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs455DirectToolGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!ss165c:....,....... Ryne Hager I actually haven't seen one in my area yet, when I go out west in a month I'll see if I can drop by an Albertson's. Carlos Rodríguez So, you have sex toys in your cart, right? Ryne Hager Obviously not enough sex toys, if you're questioning that. Carlos Rodríguez “( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)” yochanan Albertson's are now all Safeway's, FYI. Ryne Hager Albertson's acquired Safeway back in 2015, indeed. yochanan Right, but it wasn't until fairly recently (at least in Northern CO) that Albertsons stores have been converted into Safeway's. Tee Albertsons is the parent company. They own Safeway, Star, Acme, Shaws, Pavillions, Randalls, Jewel Osco, etc. etc. Francesco Lorenzet i suppose they will have a whitelist Bane✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Well, I'm a blank slate to advertising. I might as well be a ghost. I block all ads, turn off all targeted options everywhere, and never click on any. I guess I'll have to turn off Bluetooth when I'm in stores now too. Fadakar lol if you think your record is clean you need to re-evaluate how seriously you want to take privacy. James F This. People underestimate how much of a digital footprint they leave, even if they do turn off everything. EowynCarter True. And if they are, they wouldn't show me ads for coca cola, I just don't like that. And sodas in general. Cakefish Agreed, if I have to endure advertising it might as well be about products that actually interest me. Bewear I am a fan of your picture edits, Ryne. Ryne Hager What a coincidence, I am also a fan of your work. I kept a Bewear in my party for most of Moon. Anu6is lol! Lord Argyris My party was boring. Two of them were from Gen I, and apart from my starter, only one other member was from Gen VII. Now really, Nintendo should get in on this whole Coke-Google partnership thing. Maybe put something in their 3DS games that ties into this advertising platform. "Oh, so you're raising a bunch of Fire-type Pokemon. I'll bet you're feeling pretty hot right about now. Know what would cool you right down? A nice, ice cold COKE." Ryne Hager I mean, with the launch event Munchlax and Munchlax/Snorlax available on the first island, who in their right mind didn't take a Gen I Snorlax to end game. Michael Oghia I came here just to give you a +1 for Hypno Toad. Steve Actually noticed this happening to me recently when near the vending machine at my job. Guessing the capabilities will be endless and more diverse when full-on set-ups are placed everywhere. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/7ea9fde9939850ddee856f08d34c3e8a98a6c90461c779f049060ec4e655b8c6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f87dc3afe5a1492c33e179552b9fcf3259d388ef4a1a6cfed7951d9612faeae6.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/da689e538e0681368f0ef1dac408a796aa111781564a9ded426c4639fbeab351.jpg F4LL0U7 Disabling Nearby will disable invasive ads, you say? Done! Morten Ulv Google usually have a way to opt out. james fuston https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XPGgTy5YJ-g Ben Nothing better than a new way to sell people tooth-rotting, diabetes-causing sugar water. Nicholas Conrad *This* is the gateway to AR! Aing actual R; genius! abqnm Are these connected to the "Nearby" activity in Google Settings? (Which also interestingly enough at some point has earned the ability to add the Nearby activity directly to the homescreen. Don't know when it appeared as I don't open that screen often, but it's now an option in the overflow menu.) James F Beacons typically use Bluetooth. abqnm Yes, and Google's Nearby uses Bluetooth LE scanning and Play Services location. But with Google being a part of it, I'm asking if it is directly related to the Nearby function. I am not asking for how beacons typically work. MJ Double checked BT is off on my phone... The only time ever use it is when play music on a BT speaker which I don't do when grocery shopping. "With that info, displays are able to select content based on your preferences in the form of advertisements specifically targeted to passersby" How does these ads work exactly? I am not watching a 54min video. Dedren You don't need bluetooth on per say. It just uses that tech. I believe you will have to enable Nearby places, which is disabled by default but will probably be enabled by default in the future. MJ Nearby places will not be going on... F4LL0U7 I'm not sure they could develop an ad that's targeted enough to get me to buy Coke. F4LL0U7 I guess I might consider it if the vending machine held a family member hostage or something. James F I don't know if I should be concerned that you said *might* consider it.... F4LL0U7 What can I say, I'm just not very receptive to ads. Dedren What about Water, Sprite, SimplyOrange, Powerade, Minute Maid? Surely one of those you drink...all Coke. F4LL0U7 I mean, of course I drink water, but I get it from the filtered pitcher in my fridge. No to the others. xyz You regularly purchase water from the Coca-Cola company? May I also say, I've never heard of SimplyOrange and Powerade. I had no idea that diabetes and obesity came in so many flavors. Adrian quickest way to turn me off on a product. Bluetooth is only on in my car anyway so good luck with it. As soon as someone figures out how to spoof it and annoy people in public, it will go away. Max Johnson I thought it's been NFC and GPS all this time. At least from my Android Pay app. Adrian I don't leave either on when I'm not using them so it's probably a non-issue for me then. blindexecutioner I would literally break my phone if I got an ad as I walked by a pop machine (or whatever) if I couldn't opt out of it of course.. I would switch to iOS that day. If it happened on iOS I would stop using smart phones altogether. tehboogieman You could just turn off bluetooth. Or you know, there's your way rndusrnm479461 iOS also supports this same thing. rndusrnm479461 I've read the whole article and even watched some of that video and I still don't get it - what do your "preferences" affect in the ads? How will it affect what the ad displays? Does it just play the ad you're more likely to prefer from 5 different ads? I'm confused... Why is such system necessary for something simple like coke? Would make more sense for a bus stop ad or other kinds of billboards. Joey1058 I hate to tell you folks this, but I've been out in the wilderness preaching this for at least a good 10 years, if you go by my 2007 blog post: http://joey1058.blogspot.com/2007/07/robots-dreams-is-vending-machine-robot.html Cakefish ALL GLORY TO THE HYPNOTOAD!!! xyz Damn, you got me. I have no choice now but to buy a Pepsi. psuedonymous "On a more technical note, I'm not sure exactly what sort of data is being sent to the displays by nearby phones or how it is taken." BLE Beacons are transmit-only. In order for a piece of ad signage to get any information from you, the chain works like this: BLE beacon emits location. Phone detects beacon, is informed that it is near location. Software on phone then queries backend platform (Google's Beacon platform in this case) to see if there is anything it needs to do with this new knowledge. This could be displaying a popup message, or in this case the phone itself does nothing. Instead, since Google's service has learnt your phone is near a beacon (geographically it cares not, this is logical nearness rather than necessarily physical nearness) so contacts the beacon owner with "Anonuser is nearby who hits your preset filter for Target users" (e.g. users who like coke, users who are above a certain age, users who have not previously pinged this beacon, etc). 'Anonuser' could be a unique but nonpersonal hash, a semi-persistant hash (e.g. for each ad client only), a time-limited persistant hash (e.g. valid for only a certain period before changing, probably just for the single proximity session), or just no hash at all so the ad client cannot track individual users. There may be an avenue for the ad client to pass a message back to google who can then pass it onto the user, without the ad client knowing who the user is. Vivek Rameses Just die already you greedy cocksuckers. (╯°□°)╯︵ ┻━┻ Completely unrelated, but speaking of Minority Report it was one of the best movies I've seen. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.628s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Report Tech Apple's new anti-tracking system will make Google and Facebook even more powerful New, 22 comments The brutal logic of online advertising by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom Jun 6, 2017, 1:56pm EDT share tweet Linkedin The internet is an ad-tracking machine. It’s been true for long enough that we rarely talk about it anymore, but it bears repeating. For all the free speech and free information, nearly any site you visit will come with a dozen different tracking cookies, enabling uniquely tailored ads to follow you from site to site. Targeted advertising is still the best way to make money on the internet, so those cookies are everywhere. (The Verge is no exception; that VR room isn’t cheap.) Sites try not to be creepy about it, some harder than others, but the overarching logic is hard to escape. It’s a multibillion-dollar business, and it pays for nearly everything you see online. Yesterday at WWDC, Apple threw a wrench into that system. Alongside new autoplay blockers, the latest versions of Safari (currently in beta) will have a new tool for blocking third-party ad trackers, aggressively identifying and blocking any cookies used to track users across the web. As Craig Federighi said onstage, “It’s not about blocking ads, but your privacy is protected.” “Your privacy is protected.” It’s an important move, particularly for the mobile web, where Safari manages just under 30 percent of browsing sessions. When Safari added the option for ad-blocking with iOS 9, it was a day of reckoning for many web companies — raising hard questions about the future of mobile browsing. This week’s announcement is primed to make a similar splash. According to Marc Al-Hames, who works on the privacy-focused browser Cliqz, companies are already scrambling to figure out the best way around the new restrictions. “This is a cat-and-mouse game, and it always has been,” Al-Hames says. “Users try out different things to protect themselves, and there’s a multibillion-dollar ad tech industry thinking of ways to circumvent it.” Surprisingly, Google and Facebook are poised to come out of that game ahead. But to understand why, we need to dig into how the new policy works. Safari has had some version of cookie-blocking for years, but the previous default was to allow cookies “from websites I visit.” The new policy goes further, using machine learning to identify tracking behavior no matter how the cookies are served. In many cases, blocking those cookies outright would break basic functionalities. Instead, Safari puts a strict time limit on how long the cookie can stick around, keeping cookies available for 24 hours after a visit and outright deleting anything older than 30 days. “This is a cat-and-mouse game, and it always has been.” The crucial distinction is between the first-party sites you’re purposefully visiting and the third-party trackers that come along for the ride. As long as a cookie is associated with a website you’ve visited in the last 24 hours, Safari won’t change much — which gives popular sites like Facebook and the various Google services an easy way around the new restrictions. The systems hit hardest by Safari’s new policy will be third-party systems like Criteo or Adroll, which silently coordinate cookies in the background of thousands of sites. Not coincidentally, Criteo’s stock plummeted in the wake of the announcement. That’s much less of a problem for Google and Facebook, which already dominate online ads. Most people visit Facebook or a Google service every day, and those users will never be too far outside the 24-hour window. Both services also work as a kind of permanent login, used to access sites like Twitter or WordPress without a separate password. As a result, most users stay logged in to Google and Facebook as long as they’re online. Combine that with omnipresent Like buttons, and you’ve got an easy way to see what people are doing on the web. And as long as you’re visiting Facebook once a day, Safari won’t get in the way of that tracking. Google and Facebook’s biggest challengers in ad-targeting are telecom companies like Verizon and Comcast, which were given a huge boost by recent shifts in US telecom policy. But those companies should fare just as well. Both Verizon and Comcast invested heavily in web media alongside advertising tech, which means they can take advantage of the same first-party exception as Google and Facebook. (Disclosure: One of Comcast’s media investments is a minority stake in Vox Media, parent company of The Verge.) As long as you’re visiting AOL or Huffington Post sites once a day, Verizon will have no problem targeting ads, and cookie-serving deals may extend that reach even further. As long as you’re visiting Facebook once a day, the company won’t be affected At the same time, ad networks that aren’t attached to popular websites will take a serious hit. It won’t be a total blackout, since most modern networks supplement cookies with more advanced fingerprinting techniques that profile visitors without transmitting any data. They can also try to make cookie-serving agreements with websites, collecting data at the same time that they serve the ads themselves. But the new Safari policy will still put those ad companies at a permanent disadvantage to more powerful players like Google and Facebook. Those companies were already outmatched — with Google and Facebook capturing 90 cents of every new dollar spent on online ads — and the new browser moves will make it even harder for them to survive. The result will tip the balance even farther toward the handful of giant companies that already dominate the web. Apple isn’t the only force pushing the web in that direction. The European Commission’s recent anti-tracking proposals would establish a similar distinction between first and third parties. Only last week, Google announced an ad-blocker for Chrome that’s likely to edge out small players even further. It’s still hard to say what that will mean for smaller websites and everyday users, but Google and Facebook will only become more central to the business of the web. Underneath it all is the basic logic of consolidation. These players — Google, Facebook, Verizon, and Comcast — control huge portions of how we connect to the web, from the servers to the fiber to the device, ending with the browser itself. Now, they’re using that control to play for advantage in ad-tracking, with users stuck in the middle. iOS and Safari are incredibly powerful tools in that fight, and by all appearances, Apple is using them to try to craft a less invasive web experience for its users. But after more than a decade of ad tech, untangling that knot may be harder than the company realizes. Next Up In Tech Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none The 6 best new features in iOS 11 It’s impossible for Google and Facebook to be politically neutral Roli's Seaboard Block is a $299 multitouch keyboard that works with your phone Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal Time to check you don’t have auto-renew turned on The 6 best new features in iOS 11 iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Well, this is a welcome change YouTube’s gossip vloggers have created their own tabloid industry There are YouTube celebrities, so of course there are YouTube tabloids Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 17. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest The Vergecast reports back from WWDC by Andrew Marino Pokémon Go will host real-life events to celebrate its anniversary by Andrew Liptak Shadow of War’s new story trailer sets the stage for the battle over Mordor by Chaim Gartenberg Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller 5 comments / new Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 35 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Environment Google's Street View cars offer block-by-block pollution readings Nick Lavars June 6, 2017 The Google Street View vehicles gathered more than three million unique pollution measurements (Credit: Aclima, Google) View gallery - 4 images Tracking air pollution in a city can be an inexact science, typically relying on a set of fixed monitors and computer modeling to paint a general picture of air quality in the area. Researchers have now explored a way to offer block-by-block, highly localized data, and it involves fitting out Google Street View vehicles with air pollution monitors as they roam around town. Scientists from the Environmental Defense Fund, Aclima and the University of Texas (UT) at Austin got together with Google to equip its Street View cars with devices to measure air pollution in Oakland, California. Tracking air quality in this 78-square-mile (202 km sq) region is usually handled by three stationary monitors, which leaves some uncertainty around the pollution in between. NEW ATLAS NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT Upgrade to a Plus subscription today, and read the site without ads. It's just US$19 a year.UPGRADE NOW The Google Street View vehicles, conversely, drove more than 14,000 miles (22,500 km) and gathered more than three million unique measurements at various times of the day, week and year across 2015 and 2016. The result is what the team describes as the most spatially precise datasets of mobile air pollution measurements ever recorded. This data was then collated and turned into an interactive map of the area that tells the tale of varying pollution levels across the city's streets. It shows where hotspots of different types of pollutants have formed and even offers explanations as to why, drawing on intel from local community leaders with "deep experience" in pollution issues. High levels of nitric oxide for example, which is strongly associated with heavy traffic, were detected along the city's freeways. Heavy duty trucks and industrial activities were also identified as major sources of pollution in the city, with one particular hotspot clouding an area that includes homes and a children's playground. "The new mobile technology allows us to measure air pollution levels where people actually breathe the air – at street level," said Joshua Apte, assistant professor in the Department of Civil, Architectural & Environmental Engineering at UT Austin, and lead author of the study. "By allowing us to understand how air pollution varies between and even within city blocks, this technique will help policymakers and the public make smarter choices about how to reduce pollution and improve public health." You can check out the interactive maps online, and you can hear from the researchers involved below. Source: Environmental Defense Fund View gallery - 4 images Google's Street View cars offer block-by-block pollution readings 1 / 4 Air quality tracking in the area is usually handled by three stationary monitors, which leaves some uncertainty around the pollution in between One particular hotspot clouds an area that includes homes and a children's playground The data was collated and turned into an interactive map of the area that tells that tale of varying pollution levels The Google Street View vehicles gathered more than three million unique pollution measurements (Credit: Aclima, Google) Tags #Google #Mapping #Pollution #University of Texas Share this article Post a comment Top stories Rolls-Royce-powered Aeroboat S6 brings speed and luxury Apple's ARKit pointing towards something much bigger than iPhone or iPad AR Streamlined pickup camper features lightweight composite design Review: Panasonic's DC-FZ80 superzoom is more than a one-trick pony Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Environment Google's Street View cars offer block-by-block pollution readings Hawaiian marine preserve hit by coral bleaching One of the largest icebergs ever recorded is about to break off in Antarctica Rooftop CO2 capture system pipes greenhouse emissions to a greenhouse Urban heat islands could gain serious sizzle by 2100 Great Barrier Reef bleaching even worse than first thought Study: Swapping beans for beef would put serious dent in greenhouse gas emissions "Green" shoes made from algae Melted permafrost seeps into fail-safe Global Seed Vault Climate change is increasingly turning Antarctica green Drones and AI combine to combat poaching in southern Africa Furnace waste may find use in longer-lasting concrete Editors Choice In photos: Big rigs, 4x4 retromods and other earth-eaters of Overland Expo 2017 Compare the latest tech gear Masterclass: 25 legendary cars that prove beauty is more than skin deep 2017 Smartwatch Comparison Guide The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Getting out of Auto: Understanding the exposure triangle From a hobbit house to a secret bunker: The best sheds of 2017 The revolutionary redox system that produces and stores energy in the home Stratolaunch, the world's largest plane, emerges from its hangar for the first time In photos: The best of the best at Concorso d'Elegenza Villa d'Este Ancient mummy DNA reveals surprises about genetic origins of Egyptians Megabots' giant American fighting robot beats up a Toyota Prius Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
null
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryWÜD Life Has Awesome Rock Cases for Galaxy and Pixel Phones Next StoryOur First Decent Look at the OnePlus 5 by Kellex on Jun 6, 2017 @iamkellex Featured News Home Share this Story Comparison: HomePod vs. Google Home vs. Amazon Echo Apple’s WWDC keynote was packed full of big announcements yesterday. Whether you care about most of them is not what I’m here to talk about, but I did want to at least highlight the HomePod, which is Apple’s Google Home and Amazon Echo competitor. Since wearables and tablets failed miserably for most, the tech world now seems focused on assistant products and smart home speakers, or a combination of the two. Google Home and Amazon Echo have certainly jumped out to a headstart in this category, but that just means Apple has had a chance to sit back and watch the reaction in order to release its own version with hopefully less issues and an emphasis in key areas. That sure seems to be what we’re  getting with the highly-priced HomePod.  So what is the HomePod? Well, it really is Apple’s version of a smart home speaker. However, the difference between HomePod and the rest seems to be in audio quality. Apple made the pitch yesterday that it tried to create a speaker that is better than Sonos, yet as smart as Google Home or Amazon Echo. Because of that combination, it’s priced at a whopping $349. You’ll be able to play music (obviously), connect multiple in a single room, and use a multiroom setup too (like Sonos or Google Home). You’ll be able to say, “Hey, Siri” to ask for information, set reminders, etc. You’ll also be able to control HomeKit enabled smart home products by voice. It’s very much the Apple version of a smart home speaker that you imagined. That means it’s heavy on speaker design, heavier on random tech speak. Apple explained the HomePod with a combination of beamforming, advanced algorithms, virtual transparency, room sensing, and musicologist. Again, the difference, though, is Apple’s focus on making the most high-end speaker they can that still has smarts. The HomePod weighs over 5lbs (Google Home weighs just over 1lb), features a large woofer, 7 tweets, 7 microphones, and ac WiFi. They are selling this as a speaker first, one that they think will kill Sonos in quality, while offering up Siri integration as a bonus. Well, that is until they actually get the smarts up to the rest of the industry and then start pushing that angle. Either way, the HomePod has been announced and arrives later this year. To show you in the simplest form how it compares to Google Home and Amazon Echo, we put together the chart below. Product Links: Apple HomePod | Google Home | Amazon Echo   Apple HomePod Google Home Amazon Echo Price $349 $129 $179.99 Colors Space Grey, White White with slate fabric Optional colored bases Black, White Dimensions 172 x 142mm, 5.5lbs 142.8 x 96.4mm, 1.05lbs 235 x 84 x 84mm, 2.34lbs Connectivity WiFi 802.11a/b/g/n/ac with MIMO WiFi 802.11b/g/n/ac (2.4GHz/5Ghz) WiFi 802.11b/g/n with MIMO Multiroom Speaker Support Yes Yes No Speakers and Audio 7 horn-loaded tweeters, each with own custom amplifier 1 high-excursion woofer with custom amplifier Direct and ambient audio beamforming Transparent studio-level dynamic processing High excursion speaker with 2” driver + dual 2” passive radiators 2.5" woofer, 2.0" tweeter Microphones 6 far-field microphones 1 interal low-frequency calibration microphone 2 far-field microphones 7 far-field microphones Supported OS iOS Android, iOS Android, iOS Music Services Apple Music Google Play, YouTube Music, TuneIn, iHeartRadio, Pandora, Spotify Amazon Music, Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, TuneIn Assistant Siri Google Assistant Alexa Bluetooth Connectivity - Yes (in future update) Yes Voice Calling - Yes (in future update) Yes Smart Home Controls Yes Only HomeKit enabled devices Yes Yes Other Features Powered by Apple A8 processor Touch sensitive top with activity lighting Touch sensitive top with activity lighting Volume wheel with activity lighting Post navigation Previous StoryWÜD Life Has Awesome Rock Cases for Galaxy and Pixel Phones Next StoryOur First Decent Look at the OnePlus 5 jim my google home needs a hearing aid, its terrible Droid 1967 hey googles and amazons home have a roundish shape they should sue. So apple watches others create a product, steals idea puts in a few upgrades and calls it innovation, geez never seen them do that one before 🙂 yummy When it can play my drums from the other room better than me, brew a spot on cup of joe, sail my iron man suit onto me, and say, “Livin in the past, bro”, every hour, THAT would be worth 50$ to me. So, WTF does this do for 350$ but commit legalized burglary? If I need to, I can get up, walk over, and turn my Mesa amp on. I mean, if I want some good sound. Stupid consumers drive these types of poopie. Patel Nisha And, it looks like a trashcan. VAVAMk_2 They had to do something with all those unsold Mac Pros… ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ At 5.5lbs they’re planing for the future in case it doesn’t sell they can send their normal OTA and brick the device, thus making it a paperweight Brian Klippel Pass. Matthew Wing It’s “high-priced” not “highly-priced” MadJoe Over-priced. FTFY Alexander So I can buy two Google homes and still save money. For $350 they could have at least put a recent processor in it. Plus at the end of the day a directed audio bar is going to sound better for people that care about audio quality that much. This is basically an expensive Bluetooth speaker…. That requires wifi to connect Sean Lally You forgot: Exists: No Yes Yes Defenestratus If Apple wants to compete on the SQ stage then let them. The fact of the matter is that they’re not going to do any better than my home theatre system hooked up through my CC audio. Daistaar So it only works with iOS devices and only has access to Apple Music? No other music service? Chris VanAnden That wouldn’t be 100% true. I’d imagine that if you have itunes on your pc you can use it, or maybe if you used apple music? It’s obviously geared to iOS users though. I do think that devices like this should be agnostic and just work with my home, and not really force me to change my lifestyle though. blackbird2150 Since this doesn’t come out for 6 more months, we’ll see what the playing field and feature set looks like then. For all we know Sonos could deliver on a new product with echo/GH integration – which I think is the most likely scenario. A Play: 1, with google home built in, for $275-300, would be an awesome product. Droid 1967 of course and apple knows it thus announcing this now before the product that already will beat it to market is announced. James Fry If it works as well as Siri on the iPhone… You couldn’t pay me to use it. Siri will need a great leap forward before an Apple smart speaker will be worth a damn. I have an android and my wife an iPhone and my daughter an Echo. Voice commands work great on my android, thought it’s slow to wake up. Voice commands work great on the Echo and it’s instantly listening. Voice commands usually don’t do what you ask on my wife’s iPhone, and receiving her texts when she’s using voice-to-text makes for an impromptu game of Mad Gab. Droid 1967 may it will work as good as apple maps did on launch. James Arthur Why has no one built WiFi meshing into the home assistants? They want these things in every room and they are powered, why not help the wifi signal? Dan Letsch That was my thought. My wife got me a google home Christmas, but since I have not gone down the smart home yet, and it was only one user, it seemed lacking. I have the google wifi which is awesome, and putting the two together just seems like a perfect match. Bare minimum, just add a mount to stack the google home on top of the google wifi. JDGAFFLIN They tossed that A8 chip in it for a reason. I don’t use Apple products, but given their history, this will probably integrate with their product & software ecosystem much more seamlessly than Google Home does. disqusdeeznuts I have no idea what type of ear actually listens to a Sonos device and thinks it embodies any facet of quality audio. Never understood it, never will. Sean Lally Play 1 sounds better than a Home…. disqusdeeznuts Setting the bar pretty high there… Sean Lally In the context of this discussion that means that the Apple product (whose name I’ve already forgotten) will sound better than the Home. So, it embodies audio quality superior to the Home, that’s the facet I’m referring to. VAVAMk_2 Yeah but the assistant part sucks. Jordan Silveira speaker and sound aside. The tech and smart assistance is where this will bomb. I have used Siri very recently and it is so far behind Google Assistant in every way. I’m actually not sure I’d rank Siri above Bixby when it gets voice. Good_Ole_Pinocchio They’re working on beefing up Siri smarts in IOS 11. So we’ll see. Jordan Silveira I don’t have much faith or confidence. They were the first out the door with a virtual assistant with the iPhone 4s and have had plenty of time to get it right and he we are they and they still haven’t. Not to mention the reality is that Google is the king of data mining so inherently they are superior to Siri, Bixby, U Assistant, etc. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Apple was being pretty tongue-in-cheek about Data Mining …without actually saying it. They might be taking the Google route going forward. But we’ll see. For now Siri is still pretty stupid jabarri2 funny thing is, they bought siri, team exited, and then siri went downhill. last year the same exited team announced their new voice platform which is leaps and bounds ahead of siri haha Marc Zeldes I hear MS is coming out with one, it will be called the BobPod, running a streamlined version of Microsoft Bob, with a toggle, if you don’t like Bob, you can talk to Clippy instead … James Arthur long live the paperclip jabarri2 omg, i miss clippy! and the animated dancers you could put on your pc in windows xp Droid 1967 showing your age most here dont know what Microsoft Bob is 🙂 disastrousrainbow This is actually one of the lower priced speakers in this segment which is NOT the Echo or Google Home segment. But I wouldn’t pay that much for one. Micah If you don’t care about sound quality (and I don’t), then the HomePod is a turd. disastrousrainbow Doesn’t that go without saying about any product you don’t “care” about? lmao Micah Well, I’d be really interested in seeing a study on who can actually tell the difference in sound quality. I’d bet that the vast majority would not be able to tell the difference. disastrousrainbow This isn’t meant for them then. They can buy those $20 Amazon speakers and be happy. But there ARE people who can tell and do care about sound quality. It’s those same people who buy $300 UE Boom’s over the run-of-the-mill speakers and that’s who this is targeted for. Micah Caring about something and being able to tell the difference between the two are two different things. There are a whole lot of idiots in the world who buy things based on what they are told that they should care about. You know, the people who but $300 UE Booms. disastrousrainbow I like how I’m acknowledging your points yet you’re failing to do the same because you’re so hell-bent on your idea being the right one and only one. Haha oh Internet… Droid 1967 i noticed that. im sure this thing will sound great, but does that make it worth the price, not for me , im much more interested in amazons new one with the screen on it. BUt dont have any of them, and not sure why i would need one. disastrousrainbow With portable speakers, my ability to tell the difference really comes down to bass, clarity of what’s being sung, and distortion/crackling at higher volumes, and even then I’m not sure dropping $300 or more is worth it but that’s because I’ve mainly used them in the bathroom or smaller rooms when I’m cleaning or something not super essential. However, with other products like Bluetooth headphones? You betcha I can definitely tell the difference between a pair of Plantronics BackBeat Go’s and Jaybird X3’s, and since I use those all time to me the higher price tag of the X3’s is worth it for a variety of reasons, though sound is the main one. Ryan N https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d9176f2409c23411183a8d164b35c3d10df0d6ec636def783afbcc13fb3b9cbe.jpg Good_Ole_Pinocchio Overpriced. JSo As is all Apple products Good_Ole_Pinocchio I don’t 100% agree with that. Drew Google is starting to be just as bad. emoney How so? Their $35 Chromecast? The $110 Google Home? Or are you referring to the first phone they actually manufactured and sold for normal flagship price? Drew Yes I’m referring to their phones. Way over priced. indianafanatic And no BT connectivity? Andrew Soukup It connects with the users itunes library, so any music on your phone should also be available on the HP. indianafanatic But, that would mean only only iPhone, iPad & Mac connections; nothing else? Mike i guess it would work if you had apple music on your phone? T4rd If it actually competes with Sonos’ speakers in terms of quality and syncing features, then it’s actually competitively priced since Sonos’ speakers are like $200-$500 by themselves. Obviously no one here would be interested though since no one here uses Siri/iOS. Good_Ole_Pinocchio Frequenting an Android Blog doesn’t mean you’re not using other platforms. As for the price it would have to be very high end speaker wise, but if we’re looking at a similar product to Echo or Home then definitely overpriced. But we’ll see. T4rd Obviously I was speaking in generalities.. but I’m willing to bet that the vast majority of DL’s audience doesn’t use Apple’s platform. Apple is marketing it as “better than Sonos” in speaker quality. If it’s anything close to Sonos, I’m sure it’ll be considerably better than the Echo or Home in terms of audio quality. Good_Ole_Pinocchio They name dropped Sonos? If that’s the case then my expectations just got higher T4rd I’m just going off of DL’s verbiage above: “However, the difference between HomePod and the rest seems to be in audio quality. Apple made the pitch yesterday that it tried to create a speaker that is better than Sonos…” Chris VanAnden I have a sonos, and it sounds pretty damn good. I did never jump onto the echo/home front though because I personally put the speaker first over the AI. It’s interesting to see if the higher end market is interested in something like this, or if they’d prefer an amazon dot connected to their far superior sound system. Droid 1967 I have no doubt it will be better in quality sound than current google or amazon offerings i dont thin k there is a doubt about that. the question is is it worth the price, and will the siri part be better than google or amazons home devices no it wont be close. But does it make a happy medium between the 2 for the price looking at prices of what are highly rated portable Bluetooth speakers it may really be priced about right if it performs up to those Bluetooth speakers. Its apple so i wouldn’t own it simply because i find apple to be a scum company that steals others ideas does some improvements than claims to invent it, and sues people for making obvious things in their device like the shape of a phone, when they themselves copied the shape of the phone from someone else. than tell people their failings are due to how someone else held their phone, or that noone needs a phone bigger than 4 inches than claim to be on the front edge when they come out with 5 inch phones 2 years after everyone else or they invented NFC 3 years after others had it. . But that doesn’t mean they dont make some decent hardware and this might be one of those, well have to wait to see the real product and how it sounds. But there is no question that this will sound better than current google and amazon offerings, the specs itself show it should by a long shot. Apple is the king of waiting for others to put out products look at them dissect them and redo them somewhat better, as youd expect from something coming out second as apple always is. than make claims of innovation. If its does not id be highly surprised and it will fail badly. But i was surprised to see the prices of the highly rated Bluetooth speakers so this isnt priced so badly really if it actually competes with those in sound, as well as adding smart features like microsofts and amazon has, but amazon is going the route of video with theirs, will google go sound rout or video route. Amazon is the leader in respect to this type of product not apple, and I dont see more of this selling than amazons new video product. between the 2 and amazons is coming soon not in december, Apple seems to always have its followers but im interested to see how many of these sell, i just dont see it being big when google is already working on their second version and has time to add better sound, im betting this will be a big fail for apple without a huge price drop. disqusdeeznuts If it actually competes with Sonos’ speakers, it should be sold at the flea market. T4rd Lol… riiiight. The_ATL_Guy Don’t be ashamed that you can only afford to shop at the flea market disqusdeeznuts Why would I be ashamed that I know the best place to buy comparable items? ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I’m sure your house is 4 rats shy of being condemned, but hey, you can buy all the iThings! sonicyoof I believe you mean “revolutionary.” No one has ever done this before in the history of mankind until Apple dreamed it up. sinfoman It was… dare I say… courageous? VAVAMk_2 Sarcasm right? rodney11ride http://efunnyimages.com/wp-content/uploads/funny-success-kid-meme-Apple.jpg ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It’s not a steep price, it’s a sheep price. The_ATL_Guy I was waiting for one of you f****** retards to throw in the Sheep retort ASYOUTHIA✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I was waiting for one of you sheep to speak up. You didn’t disappoint Murphy’s Magnet OR I could buy an Echo Dot and connect it to a really high end speaker which would still be way cheaper than pay $350. Jacqualinedmoore Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj277: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj277: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash277HomeGreenGetPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj277..,… Robert Willis I’m waiting for Samsung’s Bixby powered competitor. SAID NO ONE EVER!!! Chris Wedel Agreed, JSo. I’m seeing my Google Home showing up in my available bluetooth pairing. When I select it nothing happens, but makes me think bluetooth close to being live on the Home. thebum232323 It’s been like that since it was released. Bluetooth is enabled on the Google Home in order to recognize the pairing Wifi network from your device. With this being said, there will need to be a firmware update so that you can directly connect the Google Home to your device. Chris Wedel Hmm, apparently I just never noticed it. JSo For $349, it better do a lot more than the competitors by the time they release it. About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Assistant can run on Android 5.0 Lollipop, here’s how to activate it By Rei Padla - June 6, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google Assistant has come a long way since we learned about it in 2012. Back then, we knew it would be better than Siri. Google didn’t stop with research and development so the feature can be integrated with other products and services. It came to a point when we would refer to it as THE Google Assistant and now it’s slowly getting more support and updates. It may even be coming to iOS soon. In the coming months, we’re expecting Google Assistant to be ready on more devices and not just on Android phones. It’s available now on Google Home plus some other smart home devices like iDevices Connected Home Products, Lutron smart home products, Hyundai Blue Link, Logitech Harmony, and August Home among others. We know Google has big plans for the Google Assistant but we haven’t heard if it would ever be ready for older Android versions. We’re not expecting the tech giant to release an official software so it’s better if you just upgrade your phone. However, devs and hackers won’t let your old Android go to waste. Some geniuses on XDA happened to bring the Google Assistant to Android 5.0 Lollipop without any rooting. Yes, it is possible. Thanks to TK Bay for sharing tips on how to get Google Assistant to work on Android 5.0. It’s not perfect but it works. That’s the beauty of Android because you can customize and go around with it. It may not work on other devices so you just have to try for yourself. Watch the video below on how to activate the service with no root: First, get an app launcher like Action or Nova Launcher. For the demo, NOVA Launcher was used. To activate, go to Widgets> Activities. Press and hold then go straight to the home screen. Add an activity by going to the Google app, scroll down and choose com.google.android.apps.gsa.staticplugins.opa.hq.OpaHqActivity. Activate it. Click on the app icon. Go to Your Stuff and then Add a reminder. Google Assistant is now activated. Check out this page for complete instructions. VIA: XDA Developers (1), (2) Story Timeline Google Assistant may be coming to iOS soon Google Assistant finally lets you type to chat, gets Lens Google Assistant expands to more devices and countries, also coming to iPhones Google Assistant gets keyboard input with the latest update Actions on Google challenge launched, app building contest for Google Assistant TAGS Android Android Lollipop Google Assistant Smartphone Rei Padla Must Read HTC U11 Hands-on: squeezing every last measure available BlackBerry KEYone Review Samsung Galaxy S8 Review Community 922.7klikes 478.5kfollowers 86kcomments / Free WordPress Plugins and WordPress Themes by Silicon Themes. Join us right now! Latest Devices Coolpad Defiant Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise RSS Feed © 2008 - 2017 Android Community
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 FastestISPs AppleHomePod iMacPro HighTechCities Menu Home/ Features/ Apple HomePod vs. Amazon Echo vs. Google Home: Smart Speaker Showdown Apple HomePod vs. Amazon Echo vs. Google Home: Smart Speaker Showdown By Will Greenwald June 6, 2017 10 Comments With HomePod, Apple puts Siri in a speaker to face off against the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Let's see how they stack up against each other. Apple popularized digital voice assistants by adding Siri to the iPhone 4s, but the field of devices that support voice interaction has expanded considerably since 2011. Amazon added Alexa to its Echo lineup, the Google Assistant powers Google Home, and Cortana can help you navigate Windows 10. So Apple is stepping up its game by putting Siri in the home via the HomePod smart speaker, and it looks very promising. Since it uses Siri, HomePod is already working with a well-known voice assistant, and as a speaker it appears to be bigger and more powerful than Google Home or Amazon's Echo variations. You'll have to wait until later this year to see the Apple HomePod in action. It's scheduled to launch in time for the 2017 holiday season, a significantly longer gap than most Apple products have between announcement and shipping. In the meantime, though, we can see how it stacks up on paper against the Echo and Google Home. Siri, Alexa, or Google Assistant? The voice assistants in these speakers help differentiate them from the hundreds of Bluetooth and Wi-Fi speakers out there. Amazon Echo has Alexa, Google Home has Google Assistant, and Apple HomePod will have Siri. They all work in much the same way, but they don't work together. All three voice assistants use cloud computing for voice recognition and responding to queries and demands. This means each device needs to be connected to the internet to work; otherwise it's just a speaker that gives you a connection error when you try to talk to it. When you're connected, your demands are sent to Amazon, Apple, or Google servers, which find an answer to your question or connect with the services you want to use and send the proper response back to the device. While the precise context you can use and the exact format of the responses you get vary, the actual behavior of these voice assistants are very similar. Ask any of them what the weather is, and you'll get a forecast. Ask for sports information, and you'll get game scores. Tell them to play a song, and you'll hear music played through their respective music services. Tell them to turn off your lights, and they'll turn off if you have a smart lighting setup. It's the individual services that really differentiate the voice assistants and the speakers. Siri's most notable difference from Alexa and Google Assistant is Apple's stringent, closed attitude towards third-party support and development. Amazon and Google have encouraged outside developers to create new ways its voice assistants can take requests. Apple hasn't been nearly as open with Siri, which limits its potential for more specific, targeted tasks that programmers can readily create Alexa Skills and Google Assistant Conversation Actions to handle. Music Services Amazon, Apple, and Google have their own media ecosystems, with their own music libraries. Amazon has Amazon Music for a la carte digital music purchased, along with Prime Music for Amazon Prime subscribers and Music Unlimited as a premium music subscription service. Apple has the extensive iTunes digital music store and the Apple Music subscription services. Google has Google Play Music with its own on-demand library and subscription service. In all cases, you can buy the songs you want to keep in your personal digital library and access millions of different tracks with a subscription. For a la carte music purchases, Apple has a pretty undisputed edge. The iTunes music store was one of the first major digital distribution platforms for labels and artists, and it remains one of the biggest names in the game. When a new album drops, it'll probably show up on iTunes first. Amazon Music and Google Play Music are no slouches, but Apple has a pretty significant advantage for the hottest and the newest music. On the other hand, Amazon has a soft advantage for music you don't have to individually purchase. Amazon Prime subscribers get a pretty solid library of 2 million songs with Prime alone. You can also get tens of millions of songs on your Echo through Amazon's Music Unlimited service for just $3.99 per month, and Music Unlimited on all of your mobile devices, including your Echo speakers, for $7.99 per month for Prime members. If you don't have Amazon Prime, the advantage is lost; Music Unlimited is $9.99 per month, the same monthly price as subscriptions to Google Music Play and Apple Music, both of which also offer tens of millions of songs. You can also tap into Spotify Premium, Pandora, TuneIn, and iHeartRadio on your Echo. Google Home is equipped with Google Cast for Wi-Fi music streaming and supports Spotify Premium and Pandora, as well as YouTube Red. If you don't want to deal with a music service or digital purchases, the Amazon Echo and Google Home both function as standard Bluetooth speakers to which you can stream your own music. The HomePod doesn't appear to have Bluetooth, but it will support Apple's new AirPlay 2 standard for streaming Apple Music from your Mac and various iOS devices. While Google Cast works with Android and iOS devices, however, AirPlay is an iOS-only system. Smart Home Control All three voice assistant devices can control your home in different ways. As an Apple speaker with Siri, the HomePod offers full voice control of any smart home device compatible with Apple's HomeKit ecosystem. That's a huge selection of lights, locks, cameras, thermostats, fans, garage door openers, and other home automation and security gadgets. If you install anything in your home with HomeKit on the box, you can control it with Siri, and that means you can control it with HomePod. The Amazon Echo and Google Home are much more piecemeal, and lack a friendly, easily identifiable logo you can check on your lights and locks. This doesn't mean they're limiting, however; both Alexa and Google Assistant are compatible with some of the biggest names in home automation, like Nest, Philips Hue, Samsung SmartThings, and WeMo. They also support If This Then That (IFTTT), which lets you create extensively customizable recipes that can trigger compatible devices and send you notifications. You'll have to do a bit more legwork with the Echo and Google Home, but when you're done you'll still have some pretty comprehensive voice control over your smart home. Speaker Showdown Besides voice-controlled home assistants, the Apple HomePod, Amazon Echo, and Google Home are all speakers designed to let you listen to music. We've tested Amazon Echo devices and Google Home, and will put the HomePod through its paces later this year. But on paper, the HomePod looks like it could be a more powerful speaker than its rivals. The Amazon Echo features a 2.5-inch woofer and a 2-inch tweeter built into a 9.3-by-3.3-inch cylinder. This produces fairly strong sound that can easily fill a bedroom, but won't necessarily be enough to drive a party. However, the smaller Amazon Echo Dot features audio outputs that let you connect any speaker you want, offering lots of opportunity to pump up the power. Google Home is a bit smaller at 5.6 by 3.8 inches, and doesn't get quite as loud as the Echo. It produces a very well-rounded sound that should please most listeners, but it won't be enough to fill your living room when you have guests. However, you can use multiple Google Homes together, and you can pair Google Home with a Chromecast Audio and your own speaker system. The HomePod is the largest speaker of the three, measuring 6.8 by 5.6 inches and containing an array of seven tweeters alongside a primary woofer. As a standalone speaker, it likely is more powerful than the Amazon Echo and Google Home. We won't know how it actually sounds until we test it, but it certainly seems beefy. As an AirPlay 2 speaker, it also features multi-room support, and can work in tandem with other AirPlay speakers including any wired speakers connected through an Apple TV. Price This is a pretty clear-cut case. Google Home is $129, Amazon Echo is $179.99, and Apple HomePod will be $349. Apple's speaker doesn't just have Siri; it has Apple's premium pricing. The Ecosystem Matters Like so many home entertainment devices designed to wear many hats, the best voice assistant speaker for you will likely depend on how committed you are to the ecosystem on which it's based. If you're an Android fanatic, there's a lot to love about Google Home. If you're a dedicated Amazon Prime subscriber, the Amazon Echo offers tons of benefits. And, if you can't live without your iPhone, iPad, or Mac, the Apple HomePod might be an ideal complement. We can recommend Amazon Echo and Google Home, and our full reviews of each can help you pick between them. As for the HomePod, we'll need to see just how well it performs when it comes out this holiday season. Back to top Previous : How I Learned to Stop Hating and Love eSports By Will Greenwald Senior Analyst, Consumer Electronics Will Greenwald has been covering consumer technology for a decade, and has served on the editorial staffs of CNET.com, Sound & Vision, and Maximum PC. His work and analysis has been seen in GamePro, Tested.com, Geek.com, and several other publications. He currently covers consumer electronics in the PC Labs as the in-house home entertainment expert, reviewing TVs, media hubs, speakers, headphones, and gaming accessories. Will is also an ISF Level II-certified TV calibrator, which ensures the thoroughness and accuracy of all PCMag TV reviews.... More » More Stories by Will Apple HomePod The HomePod looks to be a powerful speaker with Apple's Siri voice assistant and HomeKit functionali... More » ARMS (for Nintendo Switch) ARMS is an exciting, offbeat Nintendo Switch game that takes the tournament fighter genre and gives ... More » SunBriteTV Veranda Series SB-6574UHD SunBriteTV's Veranda series of weatherproof televisions offer 4K resolution and a sturdy, porch-read... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
SEO NEWS PPC CONTENT SOCIAL ADVERTISE MORE SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News Most ReadPaid Search PPC Guide Paid Search 101 Digital AdvertisingSEJ Summit Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing YoutubeEntrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedInToolbox Rss Twitter Facebook Follow Us LinkedIn YouTube Instagram Google Plus Pinterest ADVERTISEMENT Paid Search | June 6, 2017 13 PPC Tactics to Get the Most Out of Seasonal Shopping 339 SHARES 357 READS Andrew Lolk Andrew Lolk 357 READS There is no shortage of advice when it comes to optimizing your Google AdWords campaigns. Just Google it, and you’ll find a massive number of best practices from dozens of different sources. But what do you do when best practices are thrown out the window? Like at Christmas or on Cyber Monday? During certain seasons throughout the year, you can’t rely on most of the PPC tactics you’d consider best practice. Instead, you need to follow a new set of rules to get the most out of peak seasons. Unfortunately, most e-commerce site owners don’t effectively leverage those peak seasons. They see their conversion rates go up during their high season and think they’ve nailed it. Want to really get the most out of seasonal shopping and drive profits? Then you’ll need to leverage some powerful seasonal PPC tactics. What Are the Top Seasons for Ecommerce? Obviously, the peak season for your store will depend on what products you offer. Here are some of the top peak seasons in e-commerce. Learn From Previous Years Last year was 12 months ago. Many of us forget we’ve often been through all of this several times before. The data from last year is golden, and it’s crucial to review it before you start creating new campaigns this year. The only caveat is that you shouldn’t set your sales benchmarks based on last year. Instead, find reusable keywords, potential bid increases, etc. But don’t let last year’s data be the deciding factor for what your budget should be or how big of a lift you can expect. If you haven’t been all in on exploiting the seasons of the year before, then the performance from the previous year won’t set the bar very high. And, depending on your industry, your bar should be set super high! Here are 13 PPC tactics to maximize shopping seasonality. 1. Add Broad Match, BMM & Phrase Match Keywords If there are any keywords you only have in exact match, then a quick way to get more out of your high season is to add the same keywords in Phrase Match and Broad Match Modified. But if you already have most keywords covered in the various match types, try Broad Match keywords. They can work incredibly well during your high season. Sometimes this will catch search queries that you would have never considered. For example, a search for a [phone roller]. Yup. Somebody misunderstood the term foam roller for a phone roller. Normally I would’ve excluded the word phone, but the search resulted in a sale. Well, I’ll be darned. These happen all the time. During your high season, everything will convert much better. Take advantage of this and expand your footprint aggressively by using broad match keywords. Be careful: Broad match can just as quickly go the wrong way and start showing your ad for search terms that really have no relation to what you’re selling. So remember to review your search terms for broad match keywords daily and exclude anything out of the ordinary fast. 2. Use Bid Adjustments: RLSA, Similar, Device, Demographics Google has expanded the options we have for targeting users without actually using keywords. At the time of this writing we have the following options: Remarketing lists for search ads. Similar audiences for search ads. Demographics (age, gender, parental status). Device/day of the week/hour of day. Use all of these to your advantage when it comes to making broad match successful. 3. Reactivate Previous High Season Keywords There’s a big chance you have paused certain keywords throughout the year because they weren’t profitable. But during your high season all of this changes. A quick way to identify these keywords is to change your date range and then filter for all paused ad groups and keywords. If you’re still selling the products that a keyword represents, then there is a good chance it’ll be profitable to run during your high season. 4. Add Countdowns to Your Ads A must-have feature in AdWords during any high season is the countdown feature. This neat feature will automatically create a countdown in your ads. Here are two use cases that work best during high season for e-commerce: Last Chance for Receiving Packages During Christmas season, it’s important to buy your gifts with enough time for the packages to arrive. If you’re an e-commerce store, you likely have a last day for shipping packages for them to arrive on time. Adding a countdown for “Buy within 3 days to receive before Christmas” can work wonders, and you don’t need to lose any money on creating a sale. Countdown to a Sale Ends This is one of the more common areas for using countdown customizers in ads. It’s highly effective, especially in the last few days before the sale ends, and you can expect to see a decent increase in conversions. For details on how to create countdown ads, I recommend this post. 5. Write Specific Ads That Mention the Season I’m always amazed at Christmastime when I see PPC ads that don’t mention Christmas at all. No “Xmas gifts for him”, “The perfect Xmas gift”, etc. The majority of purchases during this time are about finding the perfect gift for someone you know. In most cases, we know what they’re like and how old they are but we don’t even know what to buy them. Some common phrases to add to your ads can be: The Perfect Xmas Gift for Him/Her/Them/Kids/Boys/Girls/Tweens/Teens Christmas Special Running Out of Stock: Buy Now You get the idea. There are a lot of ways to change your ads in a way that speak to the mindset your potential customers are in. 6. Perform Ad Tests But Stop When You Don’t Make Progress One of the pillars of successful PPC campaigns is ongoing ad testing. It’s one of the few things you can continue to do for as long as you run PPC. However, during every ad test, you have a winner and a loser. The portion of traffic that goes to the losing variation will cost you revenue that you could have had if all your traffic had gone to the winning ad. This is not a problem if you constantly bang out winning ads. You’ll be continuously improving upon what you had before. But if you start seeing a trend with your new ads not beating your current set of ads, then you start losing money by testing ads. During the regular year, this is to be expected. It’s just part of the game. You win some and you lose some. But during your peak season, the stakes are much higher. Losing ad variations in your big ad groups can have a significant impact on your results for the season. If you therefore find yourself with a couple of losing ad variations in a row, consider shutting down ad testing until after your season ends. 7. Increase Your Budget Significantly During high seasons, you should increase your budget. Significantly. Check the screenshot below highlighting the amount of searches for the search term “toys” in Google: That’s 4x the amount of searches in December compared to the rest of the year. Other categories have increases ranging from 1.8x around Black Friday to 8x for swimsuits when comparing September to January with February to August. If you don’t account for these huge fluctuations during the busy season, you will be losing out on massive amounts of revenue. Remember that your bids will also increase, so just because there is a 4x increase in searches, a 4x in budget might not be sufficient by itself. Also, the swimsuit example illustrates that it’s not just the “regular” holidays that should be considered. It’s really all increases in interest that you can regard as a season, which should then be treated as such. 8. Increase Your Bids Significantly (Including Bid Adjustments) During high seasons you will convert better. In some cases, much better, but always better in some way or another. This means your competitors will start converting better as well. And when an advertiser starts converting better two things will happen: They will actively start bidding higher to take over a greater portion market share. Their system will bid higher automatically as it sees the ROAS going up. You should do the same. Be ready to start upping your bids 2-3x and sometimes more for product-specific queries. This should all be in line with your ROAS, but be ready to up your bids. 9. Consider Splitting Your ‘Money-Maker’ Campaigns Into Mobile This is as much a general tip as it is for your high season. The biggest reason why I like to split my highest-revenue driving campaigns into their own mobile campaigns is to be more nuanced with how I work with them. Splitting a campaign helps me focus and set up the campaigns for success. Maybe it’s just a personal preference or habit, but when I have bundled campaigns I don’t think “mobile first”. As Matt Umbro mentions in his article, it continues to baffle many of us “pros” how little attention mobile gets inside AdWords accounts. Your traffic today will most likely be more than 50 percent mobile. Think about that. 10. Boost Your Dynamic Display Remarketing By this time, you’ve increased your budget. You’ve increased your bids. You will experience a massive increase in visitors to your website during this time: This means there will be a lot more visitors for you to remarket to as well. Don’t forget to increase your budget, and potentially bids, for your dynamic remarketing campaign. During this time, seeing that you will have a lot more visitors, it can also be a good tip to create a few more segments/audience lists. 11. Activate or Boost Your Dynamic Search Ads Google recently reaffirmed the fact that 15 percent of all searches are new. This is where the use of Broad Match and Dynamic Search Ads comes into play, but it is also the main reason why you should use Dynamic Search Ads. During your high season, products and categories that normally don’t sell enough to be worth adding to your AdWords campaigns tend to increase in sales. Granted, not all your products will see an increase in interest, so it’s still not worth your time to go in and create campaigns for all these products. This is where Dynamic Search Ads come in and give you that extra exposure for keywords you hadn’t considered recently. 12. Increase Optimization Frequency The stakes are incredibly high during these peak times of the year, and so should your investment in the success of your PPC campaigns. I fully understand that it’s not just PPC requiring extra attention during your high seasons, but all aspects of running an e-commerce store. However, you should at least double the frequency of when you perform AdWords optimizations. If your store is big enough, then it’s time to start daily tweaks as long as you have enough data to support making changes. 13. Have a Plan for When Your Season Ends One of my early experiences with the Christmas season was amazing. We had great success and record-high ROI. As a rookie PPC manager though, I hadn’t accounted for the days/weeks after the season ended. I thought it was enough to just go in and change my ads back to what they used to be. Big mistake. The bids I had set were much higher than previous, so when the conversion rates dropped in early January, our ROI tanked rapidly. It was a week before I realized that we had to undo all the changes we had made for the Christmas season. I’ll never make that mistake again. I highly recommend you label all new additions during the peak season. Change to manual bidding for a week or two, step it all down, undo all your new bid adjustments. If You Don’t Have Time, Do These Two Things I like to end my posts with just one tip. Today, that was particularly hard. I created a list of 13 must-do items, but that defeats the point of recommending just one thing, right? With that in mind, I recommend that you focus on taking advantage of the increase in searches by performing the following changes: Increase your budget by 50 percent. Increase all bids by 20 percent. All things being equal, just doing this will result in higher profits from the peak time you’re about to go through. But if you’re up to it, you can get so much more out of your holiday PPC campaigns if you follow all the advice in this post. Image Credits Featured image and in-post image by DesignPickle Screenshots by author. Taken May 2017. ADVERTISEMENT Related Posts How To Seriously Rock Your Revenue With Seasonal SEO How to Optimize for Seasonal Keywords A Complete Guide to Seasonal Marketing ADVERTISEMENT Andrew Lolk Lead PPC Manager, Founder at SavvyRevenue Andrew is a paid search/social marketer, blogger, and entrepreneur. He's the founder of SavvyRevenue: Helping savvy eCommerce stores profit with ... [Read full bio] Advertisement Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Partner Stories How to Discover & Take Advantage of Hidden Ranks Search Podcast How to Build and Sell a Subscription-Based Company Ebooks The Beginner’s Guide to SEO Is Your PPC Agency Wasting Your Budget? Advertisement Advertisement Home Jobs About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Twitter Facebook Linkedin Instagram Youtube Google Pinterest Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Follow Us SEO ALL SEO SEJ's Guide to SEO SEO 101 Mobile Search Local Search International Search Tools & Analytics Webinars Podcasts News ALL NEWS Most Read Paid search PPC Guide All Paid Search Paid Search 101 Digital Advertising Content Marketing All Content Marketing Content Marketing Guide Content Marketing 101 Email Marketing Youtube Social media All Social Media SEJ's Social Media Strategy Social Media 101 Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Entrepreneur All Entrepreneur Productivity Agency Client Management SEJ SUMMIT Advertise Toolbox
SearchSecurity Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login Register Techtarget Network News Features Tips More Content Answers Buyer's Guides Essential Guides Opinions Photo Stories Podcasts Quizzes Tutorials Sponsored Communities Schools SearchSecurity Topic Identity and access management Data security Network security Security training and jobs Infosec programs Risk management strategies Information security threats Network threat detection Platform security Security compliance Software security Web security tools Wireless and mobile security All Topics SubTopic Digital certificates Active Directory Biometrics Password management Digital certificates Access management SSO and federated identity Multifactor authentication Web access control All Subtopics Follow: Security Bytes News Stay informed about the latest enterprise technology news and product updates. Symantec certificate authority aims for more delays on browser trust by Peter Loshin Site Editor About This Blog This blog covers topics across the spectrum of security, privacy and compliance, as well as the people and issues driving enterprise infosec today. Latest Blog Posts Verizon DBIR 2017 loses international contributors RSA Conference 2017: Are software regulations coming for developers? Christopher Young: Don't sleep on the Mirai botnet See More Share this item with your network: Related Content Mozilla: Symantec certificate remediation plan not ... – SearchSecurity Symantec certificate authority issues listed by ... – SearchSecurity Symantec certificate authority issues, answered – SearchSecurity Is the Symantec certificate authority operation too big to fail? That seems to be the message the security giant is sending in its latest response to a proposal from the browser community to turn over Symantec certificate authority operations to one or more third parties starting August 8. Doing so has become a requirement for Symantec to be retained in Google Chrome, Mozilla and Opera browser trusted root stores and to regain trust in its PKI operations. Download this free guide 5 Ways to Prevent Ransomware: Download Now Ransomware attacks are not only becoming more common, they're becoming more creative. In this guide, industry expert Kevin Beaver uncovers 5 ways to prevent a ransomware infection through network security. Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. Google, Mozilla and Opera seem to be united in agreement with the proposal from the Chrome developer team, under which Symantec would cooperate with the third-party CAs while at the same time re-certifying its extended validation certificates and revoking trust in extended validation certificates issued after Jan. 1, 2015. “[W]e understand that any failure of our SSL/TLS certificates to be recognized by popular browsers could disrupt the business of our customers,” Symantec wrote in its blog post responding to Google’s proposal. “In that light, we appreciate that Google’s current proposal does not immediately pose compatibility or interoperability challenges for the vast majority of users.” At first glance, Symantec appeared to praise the latest proposal from Chrome, noting it allows their customers, “for the most part, to have an uninterrupted and unencumbered experience.” However, the CA giant raised issues on almost all of the actions called for in the proposal, stating “there are some aspects of the current proposal that we believe need to be changed before we can reasonably and responsibly implement a plan that involves entrusting parts of our CA operations to a third party.” Google’s proposal requires that new Symantec-chaining certificates be issued by “independently operated third-parties” starting August 8, 2017; Google’s timetable requires the transition be complete by Feb. 1, 2018, with all Symantec certificates issued and validated by those third-parties — although Symantec is making its case that the timetable is too short. Symantec’s strategy seems to be to continue to seek further reductions in the limits placed on existing certificates, while dragging out the process — a tactic that reduces the impact of removing untrusted certificates as the questionable certificates continue aging and expiring on their own, without any further action on the part of the Symantec certificate authority operation. The gist of the argument is that as “the largest issuer of EV and OV certificates in the industry,” the Symantec certificate authority is so much larger than its competitors that “no other single CA operates at the scale nor offers the broad set of capabilities that Symantec offers today.” In fact, over the course of several months, Symantec has frequently cited the size of its CA business and customer base in pushing back against Google’s and Mozilla’s proposals. In other words, the Symantec certificate authority is so big that you can forget about having a CA partner ready to issue Symantec certificates by August 8. “Suitable CA partners” will need to be identified, vetted and selected; requests for proposals must be solicited and reviewed; and even then, Symantec will still need “time to put in place the governance, business and legal structures necessary to ensure the appropriate accountability and oversight for the sub-CA proposal to be successful.” And even then, Symantec said, after it partners with one or more sub-CAs, all of the involved parties will need to do even more work to engineer the new operating model — and once that is done, there’s the need for extensive testing. “Based on our initial research, we believe the timing laid out above is not achievable given the magnitude of the transition that would need to occur,” Symantec wrote. What kind of timetable will work for Symantec? Symantec can’t give any firm estimates for how long it will take to comply with Google’s proposal until Symantec’s candidate third-party partners respond to its requests for proposals. Those are due at the end of June, Symantec said. After that, there’s the question of “ramp-up time,” the time Symantec’s third-party providers need for building infrastructure and authentication capabilities, which “may be greater than four months.” “Symantec serves certain international markets that require language expertise in order to perform validation tasks,” the company wrote. “Any acceptable partner would also need to service these markets.” Signing up multiple CAs capable of serving these different markets will “require multiple contract negotiations and multiple technical integrations.” Alternatively, Symantec could “[p]artner with a single sub-CA, which would require such CA to build up the compliant and reliable capacity necessary to take over our CA operations in terms of staff and infrastructure.” Symantec did not indicate which alternative it preferred. Symantec stated that “designing, developing, and testing new auth/verif/issuance logic, in addition to creating an orchestration layer to interface with multiple sub-CAs will take an estimated 14 calendar weeks. This does not include the engineering efforts required by the sub-CAs, systems integration and testing with each sub-CA, or testing end-to-end with API integrated customers and partners, although some of this effort can occur in parallel.” It’s not clear whether this task is part of the ramp-up time Symantec referred to, but there’s also the question of revalidating “over 200,000 organizations in full, in order to maintain full certificate validity for OV and EV certificates.” Symantec needed more than four months to fully revalidate CrossCert’s active certificate issuances — about 30,000 certificates and far fewer organizations — that were issued by Symantec’s former SSL/TLS RA partners. Could Symantec be purposely dragging its heels to mitigate the impact on itself and its customers through delaying the deadline for distrusting Symantec certificates until the questionable ones have expired? Or could Symantec be attempting to whittle down the pain points in Google’s plan by continually pushing back on them while at the same time asking for deadline extensions? It’s unclear what Symantec’s strategy is, and the company is only addressing the ongoing controversy through official company statements (Symantec has not responded to requests for further comments or interview). But the clock is ticking, and the longer action is delayed, the harder it will likely be to fix the situation. Join the conversation 2 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] a1r9i5 - 7 Jun 2017 11:50 AM Symantec's strategy is congenial. Add My Comment Cancel   [-] Peter Loshin - 7 Jun 2017 11:56 AM It may be "congenial" for Symantec, and perhaps their customers, but I'm not seeing how it's pleasant or agreeable for anyone else involved. Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Cloud Security Networking CIO Consumerization Enterprise Desktop Cloud Computing Computer Weekly SearchCloudSecurity Is a malicious hypervisor a real security threat to enterprises? It's possible for hackers to use a malicious hypervisor to access data on virtual machines. Expert Ed Moyle discusses how this ... A guide to cloud security certifications for infosec pros Both vendor-neutral and vendor-specific cloud security certifications have emerged as businesses shift toward cloud computing ... Shadow IT risks still primary driver of CASB use Visibility in cloud environments has proved challenging for information security executives tasked with protecting sensitive data... SearchNetworking New Aruba core switch addresses large campuses, IoT The first Aruba core switch provides the performance, analytics and automation for supporting large campus networks with IoT ... Need an app performance monitor? Learn what's new in APM tools App performance management is more essential and more complex than ever; the right application performance management tools make ... How to improve application performance with advanced APM tools Learning how to improve application performance has never been more important, or difficult. Developing a monitoring framework ... SearchCIO Data literacy in high demand; academia responds Data literacy is at the heart of new computing programs at two of the country's premier private research universities. The Data ... 2017 MIT CIO Symposium in photos: A SearchCIO snapshot SearchCIO's Instagram snapshot of the 2017 MIT CIO Symposium explores the major sessions and themes of the event. Forging your digital path: Don't discount the power of slogans Two award-winning CIOs talk about how they helped forge a digital path for their companies and, in the process, became partners ... SearchConsumerization Android, Windows tablets from HP take aim at business users HP released a new line of tablets targeting business users. The HP Pro Slate 8 and Pro Slate 12 run Android and cost $449 and ... Microsoft to lay off 18,000, Nokia X moves to Windows Phone Microsoft will lay off 18,000 people over the next year while the Nokia X line of Android smartphones, which was unveiled earlier... Microsoft Surface Pro 3 vs. Microsoft Surface Pro 2 Surface Pro 2 and Surface Pro 3 are different enough that Microsoft is keeping both on the market as competing products. Which ... SearchEnterpriseDesktop New edition of Windows 10 to take on big data Microsoft revealed plans to release a new edition of Windows 10 that can optimize PCs to deal with intensive data workloads. That... How to diagnose and resolve Windows 10 Wi-Fi connectivity problems Wi-Fi connectivity in Windows 10 is a persistent problem for IT. Use the network troubleshooter or reset the device configuration... Nine end-user experience monitoring tools to know The user experience monitoring market is chock-full of options that can be confusing to keep track of. Take a look at nine tools ... SearchCloudComputing Use Azure Managed Disks to simplify cloud storage management Unmanaged disks can pile on the complexity for cloud admins. Learn how Azure Managed Disks can simplify the cloud storage ... Optimize your public cloud cost management strategy Businesses often tout lower costs as a benefit of public cloud, but without proper management and monitoring, costs can climb ... Google cloud VMs get more flexibility, Skylake processors Google cloud VMs are now more flexible with the addition of Intel Skylake processors for high-performance compute and memory ... ComputerWeekly Dubai Airports automates resource planning Airports in Dubai are using automation software to co-ordinate resources such as check-in gates and aircraft stands Ethical fears hinder growth of artificial intelligence in France In this issue, read how France’s relatively slow adoption of artificial intelligence is partly the result of public confusion, ... Green Party wins the race for digital performance Benchmark tests on the political parties’ websites shows the Green Party on top, with the Liberal Democrats bottom of the ... About Us Meet The Editors Contact Us Privacy Policy Videos Photo Stories Guides Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors CPE and CISSP Training Reprints Archive Site Map Events E-Products All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2017, TechTarget Close
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 6 GOOG: 976.57 -7.11 Best Chromebooks you can buy today [June 2017] Ben Schoon - Jun. 6th 2017 10:37 am PT @NexusBen Chrome/OS best Chromebooks View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Chrome OS used to be the laughing-stock of the OS wars, but today it holds a strong place in the market. Thanks to Android apps, the OS is only becoming more and more useful too. One of the hardest parts of Chrome OS, though, is picking a machine to run it on. So, let’s take a look at the best Chromebooks you can buy today… The best gifts for Android users NEW FOR JUNE: Samsung Chromebook Pro While Computex is bringing us some quiet reveals, the biggest release in the Chromebook world this month has been the Samsung Chromebook Pro. Like the Chromebook Plus, the Pro offers up excellent features like Android apps out of the box, a brilliant 2400×1600 IPS touchscreen display, and a premium 2-in-1 design. It also includes a built-in stylus and two USB-C ports. The biggest differences with the Chromebook Pro over the Plus is what’s found under the hood. The Chromebook Pro has the same 4GB of RAM, but paired with an Intel Core m3 processor as opposed to the “OP1” ARM chipset in the Plus. The Chromebook Pro also offers a gorgeous matte black color as opposed to the silver found on the Plus. Pricing for the Samsung Chromebook Pro lands at $549, a reasonable price hike from the Plus, and is available from Amazon, Best Buy, Samsung, Newegg, and more. FROM EARLIER THIS YEAR: Samsung Chromebook Plus The headliner in the Chrome OS market today is the Samsung Chromebook Plus. Samsung’s latest machine is a premium device designed for Android apps that is one of the more well thought-out machines in recent memory. It offers a 12.3-inch display with a 3:2 aspect ratio that comes in at 2400×1600. It’s a very sharp display which looks stunning, and with a responsive touchscreen that can flip all the way around, it makes for a solid tablet replacement. Android apps are enabled out of the box on this one as well, meaning that users can easily use this machine both for tasks in Chrome and in their favorite apps. It also makes Samsung’s embedded stylus possible, with improved functionality through a couple of pre-loaded apps. The Chromebook Plus runs on top of a hexa-core ARM-based chipset developer in collaboration with Google. The OP1 chipset is well optimized for Chrome and Android apps, and it works pretty well on the Plus. Paired with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage, it makes for a solid experience overall. Samsung has made the decision to go all-in on USB-C on the Chromebook Plus as well, leaving users with two USB-C ports for charging, data transfer, and output. It’s not ideal, but it’s also not a big deal on this sort of machine. Priced at $449, Samsung is certainly going for the higher end of the market, but after using it, I certainly feel it’s worth the asking price. You can pick up the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon (where it’s commonly on sale), the Google Store, Best Buy, and various other retailers. ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA The other big release we’ve seen in 2017 has been the ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA. This machine closely rivals the Chromebook Plus with a premium design, but takes a slightly different approach with the overall package. The C302CA offers Android apps (in the beta channel only for now) and was clearly designed with them in mind. The 12.5-inch 1080p touchscreen display is great for using apps, and the 16:9 aspect ratio feels natural when using media applications as well. It also offers an excellent backlit keyboard and all-day battery life, with charging support via the two USB-C ports, which are the only ports found on the machine. ASUS has packed this Chromebook with Intel’s Core m3 chipset, 64GB of storage, and 4GB of RAM. That Intel chipset makes the C302CA a great choice for those who need some extra power, and it works very well. Priced at $499, the C302CA isn’t necessarily for the first time Chromebook buyer, but it’s an excellent option that will become an even better value when Android apps make their way to the stable channel. Retailers such as Amazon, Newegg, and Best Buy offer it. HP Chromebook 13 Google’s Chromebook Pixel was easily the best of the best when it comes to Chromebooks, but it’s been long gone. For users who crave a similarly premium experience, the HP Chromebook 13 is an excellent option. It offers a striking design made from premium materials and a solid set of specifications. The Chromebook 13 runs on top of an Intel Pentium processor, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, and has a 13.3-inch 3200×1800 IPS display. It also offers 11.5 hours of battery life and two USB-C ports along with full-size USB ports and a B&O enhanced headphone jack. The keyboard is also backlit. Pricing for the HP Chromebook 13 starts at about $500 from retailers such as HP itself, Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and B&HPhoto. B&H, however, does offer the machine in a few other configurations, maxing out with an Intel Core m7 processor and 16GB of RAM for about $1,000. Acer Chromebook 14 Acer is one of the most popular Chromebook makers, and that’s why it has more than one option on this list. The first, though, is the Acer Chromebook 14. Offering up a metal build, Intel Celeron chipset, 4GB of RAM, and 32GB of storage, this is a pretty respectable offering from the company. This is certainly a Chrome OS-first experience, though, as the screen doesn’t flip around, nor does the machine feature a touchscreen for using Android apps (although it will still receive them, eventually). Priced at $299, the Chromebook 14 isn’t a bad deal. It lacks some of the newer perks of modern Chromebooks, like USB-C, but it’s definitely a good choice. It’s available in both silver and gold from retailers such as Amazon. You can learn more in our full review. Acer Chromebook N7 (C731) Education is the biggest market for Chrome OS, and hardware is constantly being released with that in mind. One of the more recent options has been the Acer Chromebook N7, launched back at CES 2017. This machine offers a lot for its $229 price tag, including an Intel Celeron chipset, 4GB of RAM, 16GB of storage, and an 11.6-inch IPS touchscreen HD display. Like many other Chromebooks with an education focus, the N7 offers improved durability with drop and water resistance. It unfortunately doesn’t feature USB-C, but does offer up two USB 3.0 ports, HDMI, a full-size SD card reader, and, of course, a headphone jack. The Acer Chromebook N7 is available for purchase from Amazon, Newegg, Walmart, and other retailers. Acer R11 If you’re looking to replace your aging Android tablet with a Chromebook, the Acer R11 is a solid option. It’s one of the few Chromebooks on the market today that features Android apps out of the box, and it’s a great showcase for the functionality thanks to the 360-degree hinge. Running on top of an Intel Celeron processor, 4GB of RAM, and 32GB of storage, the R11 offers a great experience on Chrome OS. Its age causes it to lack thing like USB-C, but it features plenty of full-size USB ports, HDMI, and a full-size SD card slot to make up for that. At $279, it’s a solid machine to pick up. Acer Chromebook 15 If you’re looking for affordability above all else, it doesn’t get much better than the Acer Chromebook 15. Priced at just $199, this machine offers a huge 15.6-inch display (albeit a low-resolution one), a solid keyboard, wide array of ports, and suprisingly good performance. It packs an Intel Celeron chipset, 2GB of RAM, and 16GB of storage. It’s a bare bones machine for sure, but it gets the job done. It’s easy to find the 2016 model at Walmart, but if you’re looking for some extra power or a better display, other models are available for purchase on Amazon for an extra $50-$100. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Chrome/OS View THe Guide best Chromebooks View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Weekend poll: How many photos are synced to your Google Photos account? David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/06/04 3:44pm PDTJun 4, 2017 120 Plus 1 on G+ 202 Share on Facebook 44 Share on Twitter Total Shares366 Applications Polls The Google account dashboard is a pretty cool way to see what's going on with your Google account, and the last time we ran a poll utilizing stats from it, we asked you how many apps Google thought you'd installed to your various devices. This week, we're doing Google Photos. To see how many Photos are synced to your Google Photos account, just head to https://myaccount.google.com/dashboard and scroll down until your see the entry for Photos, as shown below. So, how many photos are synced to your account? I'm at a little over 8,000 at this time, and that honestly doesn't seem like a lot to me (my Lightroom catalog contains over twice as many). I'll be curious to see how many of your break into the five-figure ranges. How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Tags google+ photos photos sidebar-poll weekend poll subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Chromecast Ultra is $59.99 ($10 off) at Google Store, Best Buy, B&H and others ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Buy a Daydream View from the Google Store and get $25 of Google Play credit Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Corbin Davenport 8,785 photos - pretty much everything I've taken since mid-2012. Boolean Corporation the trick is to plug your iPhotos Library to the desktop uploader and see the magic happen. I have my Canon and SONY photos up there as well. ZettabyteGamer 6,002 photos Jes Marwaha 3.5k, since like 2014ish rndusrnm479461 Surprised that mine rose to 23k. Used to be 15k not long ago. Liam Clifford 17,017 Iwanova > 7k photos backup from blackberry until now yippiedad 78,693 Danyel Gustavo Just copy/paste of the question I made to another user: does having that many pics saved to your Google Photos slows down or makes the app lag in any way? I have the impression that after I backed up my photos, the app takes longer to open. Barron Roth Yes, I've got 500k in Google Photos and it can be unbearably slow. makapav 55K and no it's not slow for me on my Pixel XL or Chrome on Windows. Danyel Gustavo I currently have 5k photos from my phone uploaded. I was thinking about uploading all my 15k photos taken with my camera. Alvar Lagerlof That will be no problem Michael Zinfandel Rork Not in the slightest. Hardly any of those are on my phone, and when on the web it's purely cloud based so it only loads what you are looking at. There is absolutely no lag from having more images in Google Photos. Level380 at 55k its not slow at all, searching is still fast. yippiedad Nope, I haven't noticed any lag. Victoria I have 15500 photos backed up and it's not slow in the least, still blazing fast. icethegreat 40k woohoo vmxr lower than 10 lol Liam Spradlin 55,207 photos 👀 vmxr are you trying to map the world 👀 Calvin Mccoy I get the job done from comfort of my home, with the help of hassle-free gigs that only takes from you a Desktop computer system in addition to web connection and I am also pleased than before... After half a year with this career and therefore i obtained cash in sum Thirty six Thousand us dollars... Ordinarily I make up approximate to eighty bucks/h and work for three to four hours every single day.And excellent point about this task is the fact that you can supervise time and effort whenever you work and for just how long as you may like and you attain a paycheck weekly........ learn by clicking here how to do it right now Boolean Corporation 57,382... noob. :P Boolean Corporation The creepy thing is that it has recognized photo locations without having GPS data in my camera photos. Robert Porter If you have Google maps tracking your location it can go off of that too vidvox That was the craziest thing about using my DSLR on a trip through Texas last year, looking at the photos online and seeing the correct GPS location on them! Tyler Humphreys My mom had some pictures of Siberia, California and Google Photos thought they were from Russia, just from an album named "Siberia". chacalau 62,000 ish keltypack I have over 66,800 photos on Google Rob 54,857..... Both of you beat me! :P Đức Thành I feel small on here with just under 48.600 photos. But to be fair, my Nexus 5's relatively mediocre camera does diminish the frequency of my photo-taking whims a bit. I feel like this would be a different story if I had something like the Pixel or Nexus 6P, or even the Nexus 5X instead. LightofHonor Beat me. 50,866 smonkeyhouse Albums: 4,166; Photos‌: 249,245 Jerry Suppan Wow!　And I thought I had too many at 51,000+. Well, I guess we can store our entire life from birth if if we include pre-digital era scanned photos. (^J^) Đức Thành That is a creepy thought but somehow I find it kind of exciting as well. Imagine storing all of our memories, thoughts and emotions on the cloud. Victor A backup of met-art archives? 😁 Danyel Gustavo Does having that many pics saved to your Google Photos slows down or makes the app lag in any way? I have the impression that after I backed up my photos, the app takes longer to open. Liam Spradlin Doesn't seem to make the app lag. Of course if I scroll back a really long way it'll take a sec for the photos to all load in, but otherwise things seem fine. Teja How to check the exact count? Luqmaan Mathee "To see how many Photos are synced to your Google Photos account, just head to https://myaccount.google.com/dashboard and scroll down until your see the entry for Photos, as shown below." It's in the article. Teja Oops, missed that. Its 51,929 photos. :D Carl Draper Photos does not appear for me on that page Margaritas Ante Porcos omg! are breaking films into frames and then upload? lol Kenni Odelheim I said 20-40 as a guess, but it was 46k I found out afterwards... jesus man.. I snap alot :D sssgadget ~15000 Booyabobby 3075 Paul_Werner 26,263 photos currently dcdttu 47,793. I used the photos uploader on my desktop. Lexxior what happens if you do? dcdttu It uploads pictures. Jorim Tielemans 78,533 photo's, that's only 3 times the amount of my bookmarks 🤐 maybe that would be a cool poll for next weekend. Lexxior wtf 20000+ bookmarks?! Wis Zero. makapav My condolences. matteventu 1543. I'm not a big shooter. But I don't understand how they count "Albums"... I'm sure I don't have 464 albums lol (just 4-5 actually). Antoine Martin Every link you share creates a hidden album nagi 71,234... yes, I shoot a lot. Nathaniel V Stupid question. Why is the album count so high? I think I've only got about 40 albums. Ruddock's looks the same... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3b938bcf21775e44a09d96b5f066996b5222174f26d73027381a6cbf127a6ce8.png Sean It probably includes the auto-generated "this day x years ago" albums and such Lars Jeppesen Also I think it includes "shared" stuff makapav All those Hangouts albums from Picasaweb in the background that are probably hidden in Google Photos. Morten Ulv Yep, this is the correct answer. You could see them in Picasaweb. One for each day. Tomáš Petrík I have almost that many albums with less than half the photos. Bryan Mine says 577 albums, but if i click the arrow to expand it, it only shows 3 (which is correct) Hexlattice Yeah, it makes a shared album every time you share even just one photo with a person... Kinda why I prefer sharing a photo via Hangouts or some other means. I don't like the clutter it makes in my albums. senor_heisenberg Under a thousand. whispy_snippet 11,049 Dominic Labbé Well.... 99042... 😮 Got my first digital camera in December 1999. BigTurk Beat me by almost 2000! I got my first digital camera in 2002. Kudos to you haha Richard Riker 13,148 Shaunak Guharay 18,679 . I expected it to be somewhere around 5000, but holy shit JW 12k Joshua Ferguson 61K, I've slowed down over the last couple of years Simps 11,222 photo's and 959 albums that I have not created. Boolean Corporation Also, people like to share their sites with me... it appears... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/fbf6c5a8bcd2762fb0751916cddfc1c30c07e67b2f9bc325f16d5e39a091d222.png Stoffers I've also had 1,648,103 shared with my 2 sites. Boolean Corporation So it must be the total amount of public Google Sites out there. Dn Bro I have 8,973,294...I'm not really sure where they are. exadeci https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/3db3521ceda62f5bd4e638a39d5ae74f7f04e770dc7485d7a198f8b445df4f99.png Anand Slightly higher than your count ;). What are these sites??? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/be13189cca9396d4e74c49fdc6aecbbbd4492ec5084d30989724d23a522efbbe.png Captain_Invisible 8.973.487 here 😲 Andrew Bone Just beat you 😉 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/707765784503bfaf20d2fe1327e82cdb628e443e39d108a823b2ddff6dd7e04f.png Roderick Gadellaa 8,973,436 :P Vasilj Milošević Nearly 4M over here. WTF? Where are those sites? Anthony https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a438430be5924c8714c16e394b9f093c1241bebf635d0d22be1752a0267c8d77.png Cheesespix Not a single :) I don't save my photos online. Corey Kinard Here, have a 🍪 Phil Miller Do you hide them under your mattress? BigTurk 97,222 :O Bubble Widgets + Wear Launcher I don't have Photos listed! But I estimate around 250,000-300,000 photos. Makes Photos on my phone practically unsuable, somehow Google Photos insists keeping all thumbnails in internal memory which takes up 2-3GB of space. Photos uses up all the battery of my phone if I enable the app :-( dsDoan All of my photos are synced with Google Photos, but I don't take many photos, so it's under 1,000. Jason Brian Chapa 35,445 Maxr1998 Only slightly above 2500 pictures, that's​ everything I took in the last five years. I don't take many pictures, but that's also because I'm very selective with my images - I remove most "duplicates"/alternative photos which aren't that good and only keep the best images. Bryan How does the album count work? I've only made 3 albums but it says i have 577 albums. App Shah 65K + https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4077abf057824ff03b40189ea40058cc9fdea8e6160c0bcbde23fbeaaac30a52.png Martins Nkem I've got over 2200 photos mostly photos from my picasa album and photos i uploaded to Google drive about 3 years ago. I prefer not to use cloud storage for photos any more. Richard Markert Under 100, lol. Try under 10. I don't use Photos. VAVAMk_2 Over 1700...I need to take more photos I guess. Laurentiu 27,809 SchmilK EnHaggen Just under 200,000 photos over here. Took 6 days to upload my entire photo library via desktop app. Everything I've shot with my DSLR and phones over the past 13 years. Phil Miller 42 photos a day? Do you even have time to sleep? SchmilK EnHaggen I shoot a lot of bursts, plus it's a mix of me, my wife, and my 2 kids phones all synching to the same account (granted the oldest is only 7, but she has been know to take 42 pictures of a TV show lol) Vasilj Milošević 52.832 photos 3.784 albums :D Image upload bugs for me on disqus, so here's imgur link: http://imgur.com/a/qY6gw Jeffrey Heesch Only 7,770 for the time being, but I just recently got myself a DSLR, so I'm expecting my Google storage to hurt in the near future. Mr Wright 64,616 all nudes 😎 Dmitry Stepanushkin about 30000. Nudes will stay on local storage 😁 cadtek91 I don't think the Album counts are accurate. Lord Argyris 2,925 here. Everything since I got my Nexus 7 on December 31st, 2013, which is when I officially joined the Android ecosystem. I'm curious, where is the Sites statistic some people have posted? I can't seem to find that anywhere on my account dashboard. 😆😄 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f18afe5301756a2f37e6f449c2faf0ec975cf47ead995985d6cf0ee4cb56fe1c.png tapsboy 10,351 JG 64,884... With another 1,940-some waiting to upload as I type (literally just got back from an extended data-light/less vacation where I was the unofficial group photographer). A lot of the pics (especially from this trip) are burst shots. Trying to photograph something as we drove by so I just let it go to get the most tree-less pic... Or to make an animation or panorama pic. That, and of course, cat pics :) Hey, if Google is going to give me free unlimited storage... Might as well take advantage. Bryan Kolb Just under 200,000... Dre 44,153 Kevin Sword "Wekeend" poll? Guess so! 9,179 photos. Phil Miller 19,268. For my 20k photo, it will be a pick of my friend Harry Johnson. Akilesh Akil https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5b22006051777d76bece05eecfcae428cdcf2381379fdc6e701e6c4f64988671.jpg Barron Roth I feel like I'm an edge case, Google Photos runs very slow for me 😔 an old screenshot, I probably broke 500k these days. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d2363f77f2556cf6b91ee1f158be42694f8fcb74f9869a02f388dddcdc95e383.png Rob What are all those photos? Is your porn collection included in that number? Kidding ;) Your comment about the service being slow is odd, it should only load what you're looking at and not everything. But perhaps something goes wrong when the number is so high. Barron Roth I'm a photographer, so it shouldn't be too unusual! It's slow mostly during search or scrolling through historical dates. uthark 107,383 Dlang123 Photos ‌124,910 tu3218 If I upload photos to google photos that wasn't taken on my phone, will they be analyzed and sorted correctly by their date, location ,etc. Assuming all this data is attached to the file. Robert Porter Yes, any photo on Gphotos is analyzed. If they don't have the locations, I believe Google fills that info with your Google maps location during that time. HSidhu 000064 Photos :) Victor %01000000 David Zero smonkeyhouse Albums: 4,166; Photos‌: 249,245. I have it sync with my PC, and all my DSLR pics get uploaded Justin Osborne 15k, but probably half of those just since I got the Pixel, due to our first baby. Over 20GBs of HQ pics/video since then. Michael Zinfandel Rork 70,503 Level380 55K and counting. Leandro Brandão 10132. I backed up some old photos and used the photo scan app to scan others, maybe 100 or 200 photos. I use google photos since my first android phone in 2012, i was amazed how that worked back then, now is even better. Joshua Talley Pretty sure I saw over 100k several months ago... codingismy11to7 17k, in original quality... and I've recently been thinking about uploading my 90+ GBs of stuff from before gphotos existed... Willie Chalmers III I am definitely in the minority with only 2,140 photos. What do you people take pictures of? b_boogey_xl I've got like 25k photos but if I remember correctly, this isn't just Google Photos but any photo you have uploaded to Google across their many services, including Hangouts, Google+ Messager, Google Voice, Google+, Picasa, etc… I believe if you go to your About Me page you can see all the "albums" and photos you've ever uploaded to those Google services (not including Google Photos). Mike in KC 457. Guess I'm not much of a photographer... Saqib What is maximum free storage allowed with Google photos? tehboogieman They say unlimited for compressed images Miku is Best Vocaloid 10000 and counting Joshua Worth 83,689 😊 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ef968361c0424a651500b83acdd44d4fa19466201c00685b3a584e99d0e40e77.jpg Sherrie B 297,771 Daniel Rodriguez Looks like I've taken a picture or two in my time... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/505b72e38a4d6a15ced01c270253dc58d8777887f0c273491675ea1e322be65e.png Morten Ulv Jesus. What are all those photos of? You take hundreds of photos every day? I take maybe 10 000 per year of my kids, so that's a modest average of ~30 per day. Andrew Bone ~95% selfies 😉 Daniel Rodriguez Oh god, not if I can help it. No one needs to see that much of me. abc He takes a pic of every meal he's ever eaten. Daniel Rodriguez .. guilty as charged. Daniel Rodriguez Hah, actually, I'm definitely an edge case with an unusual situation: I have a little 'lifecam' thing that takes pictures every 30 seconds that I use when traveling around, so it generates thousands and thousands of pictures when using it. The company that makes it recently went under, and so the service they offered where they hosted the pics it took went down- I downloaded my pics before it went down, and uploaded them to Google Photos, all in the Unlimited storage when letting Google compress them (which is fine, the vast majority aren't high quality anyway). So far, no issues with it, Google claims unlimited storage when you use their compression, and, numbers above showing, they mean it. create812 Google is in an intense meeting now, discussing how to handle "whales" like you. Daniel Rodriguez Hey, they promise unlimited storage if using their 'high quality' compression, I'm just taking them up on the offer! Francisco Peña they gonna throttle you from taking any more pictures. Daniel Rodriguez I'm actually curious if they will, I upload tens of thousands at a time when I travel thanks to my lifecam, and so far haven't run into any issues or gotten any alerts. I tell the client to upload them using the Google 'high quality' compression, for which they offer unlimited storage if you use it, and so far, they've been as good as their word. Definitely not doing anything that's against terms of service, all falls within the service's promised offer, so if they did throttle me, I'd love to know why. There's a big difference between 'unlimited' and 'unlimited as long as you don't go over 50,000 photos' or something like that. Artem Russakovskii Around 35k for me. Dennis 64.498 - ich speichere mittlerweile ausschließlich dort.. ast00 3342. I guess I don't take many pictures. Roderick Gadellaa Somehow Photos doesn't show up for me in that list. It's supposed to be above Play Music, right? It shows Payments there for me. Weird? vwnut13 I'd have more, but they are in a "brand account" attached to my Gmail. Still accessable online, but no longer in the Android app. Thanks for breaking, then removing that feature Google. Trent 25,525 it was very low prior to getting my Nexus 5X when that and Local Guides launched. The Pixel has raised it somewhat, but getting my DSLR and traveling fairly often (only 8 countries so far this year, but about that many again planned up until December) to take pictures and backing up my RAW files along with JPEGs has made a big difference. Peter World Citizen I love cats. I've just over 5k of photos of pussies. Plus another 2k of food and cars/bikes. Jan-Lk Else Where's the no option? Javier180 Simply dont vote. McClain S https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4911bca160a898e3d9f1f092a2af15587d485f0ca9ef12ceb21637dcd00bd2a6.png Arvid Over a 100.000 photos. I did upload everything I have, including older ones I scanned and our Family archive (going back to 1960) Wilson I'm running out of storage :O Victor 4982 albums and 246688 photos. Everything since 1996 on my Amiga till now, where every picture received or taken with the phone gets automatically baked up. Erik 41000 for now. I hope AI will improve so I can find what I'm looking for. It would be nice not to get pictures of cats when I search for dogs, buses and cameras when I search for cars and picture frames when I search for computers for example. Oh, and face recognition is still not available in Europe. I guess Google doesn't want to upset EU more than they already have. Rob I have face recognition in Europe. Not sure how I did, but it's fairly easy to activate it. I think by a single-time usage of VPN and reset app data. Have had it ever since. Alenekbell Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !do151c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !do151c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs441ShopBetterGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!do151c:....,..... James 53,235 so far. I have had a hard drive failure and if it wasn't for them being backed up, theses photo s would have been lost. sasu85 Backup in Google compressed resolution or at full resolution? Do you have also other backup (like hard drive?) Or not? James It just so happens that my pics are 12mp or less and I believe that is the restriction that Google has set. Many of my pictures are scanned pictures from old photos and every smart phone I owned (I always had them backed up). I do have them on my hard drive, but have actually been rethinking this as I see no benefit from having on my hard drive. Just 440. Removed all after switching from Nexus 5 to Pixel, and will do so after switching from my Pixel to something else. mcored Photos ‌66,423 Tom Daley settings say 7700 same folder on my server says 20000+ Hmmmm not sure whats happening there Timothy Vreeland 38k, so close to moving up in the poll bracket. Pavan Thanuj Upadrasta 24,008 :D Suicide_Note 25,686 photos for me. Soundjudgment ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ "Billions... and Billions..." MayorMcCheese I was positive that I would have 0 and was surprised to see 2.... My YouTube banner, twice. Not sure how it got on Google Photos tho. drcaveman Nears as makes no difference 75,000 psydex None. (Can't vote - no such option) h20ray 13,495 Kaleas 697 and I could probably prune ~100 of those. I really do not take many photos, most of what I do take is used for online sales or confirmation photos, so they get deleted after the transaction. Another large number is having info from hardware at work so I can enter it into a database when I get back to my desk. Again those get deleted once that data is entered. Alfonso Surroca 8K, and that's including the fact that I synced like 15 years of photographs from my desktop computer to my Photos account. abc This is more of a "how many photos do you take" question than a Google Photo question. benmarvin 16,405. And I don't even take that many pictures. Some of my photos go all the way back to Picasa days Indefinite Implosion Yep 15,608 and a lot are from before I had a smartphone/from my DSLR when I had a smartphone. Brandon I've got just over 5k, which is less than many people here but is pretty much every photo I've taken in the last 12-ish years. I try to remember to back up to my external hard drive now and again just in case, but otherwise Google is the only thing I use for photo storage, management, or editing. James Miller My wife takes pictures of our 5 boys daily with our DSLR. Whenever I put them on our NAS drive, I have them automatically backed up using the desktop backup client. I'm up to 116,053, but that number grows by about 1000 every couple of weeks. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/a6190002ab404d0e7e513fe45d2931f9173bc76ab04c9c6bfc6167f5e961b10a.jpg Deb Newman I quit using google photo because my account got hacked and googles recovery system wouldn't verify it was me even though I knew most of the answers to their questions, finally got to speak to someone from tech support and still would not verify. Lost prob over 500 pics because google would not assist me in getting back iny account. Rob Next time: 2-step verification dmo580 don't get hacked then. RenatoFontesTapia 43687 :O Chris 20,532 wew Anthony I was amused to see my gmail number figured it would have been more. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e5d80f18c078be951e79f29f286e0cec2147bbc2aa7a3acf508532abc718c03b.png firerock2013 This is mine. Start using Google Photos the day it came out on my country until today. The best photos and videos cloud storage. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/36938c09f7f5a043eb71d0f1c47405fa70c1a7c6f685b2d1ce5de5ff91ef2abf.png Vincent K. I have probably over 1000 but I have a couple photos that have over 120,000 views each! justmy2pennies2012 3,158 photos Ho0n I have 56K :O dhamp2g 10,843 and I have a ton of non digital that I need to back up. Probably about 8,000 or so. I have set a goal of 100 a day until they are complete. xavier savoie 8,200+... Synced across 7 different devices... Mangesh Narawade If Google include true 'hide photos' feature with security like pincode/fingerprint, these numbers will go sky high gsDroid You should have had an option for zero. Charles Sweeney 13k'ish Rob 54,857 3223 And here we are, uploading our mug and stuff to skynet. That'll make their job far easier *runs into a bunker with tinfoil hat on* In all seriousness, this has helped alleviate loads of storage issues, especially for phones with smaller storage :) Jesse Lee I didn't see the article on installed apps, so wasn't as surprised to see 11K photos saved but instead, that I've installed 1,355 apps. Holy moly that seems like a lot. Francisco Peña 1,068 albums 14,376 Photos Pär Parbring 90800, I synced my entire library to Google photos... Kostas 💪🎩 Any way to put photos to a special place separate from the others, that aren't in your face all the time? Abhimanyu Seth Just 44,672 photos till now! philopek each as he likes but then i think the question is not very specific hence the answer doesn't provide much else than a sheer number. if the question had been "self made and unique images" that would have provided a more useful picture. while there certainly are photographers, selfie addicts and the likes, i know how many years it takes to produce a few 10'000 images of notworthy quality and uniqueness because i'm producing photos for the last 45 years now, all digitalized and stored safely, and at the times the pace of production was insanely high and still one gets' nowhere near some of the numbers that have bee mentioned here. further what are all the folks doing once google will drop a platform entirely. i remember that i have changed platform due to changes made by apple and/or google which is why all my images are now structred in simple folders and subfolders, storable and managable on every computer cross platform, no matter what some may decide. when apple changed from iphoto to photos for example most features were missing and to continue watching the library on apple-tv one had to purchase software without knowing whether it would meet requirements etc. i would like to know how many of those images are self-made and more or less unique, everything else is just claiming bragging rights IMO Ozl yeah, i will triple my photos and videos by the end of the year when i get the New Pixel Phone xD (hoping it still has that unlimited upload) Chris Foote 139,750. Due in no small part to the fact that I've been wearing Glass for the past four years, though. Ste Tan Man I thought I had so many at 18,751 photos but dayaum, all of ya'll in the comments are 50k+. Lol. I really do love Google Photos! :P johdaxx I took a few hundred here at my desk this morning to get to the next category...Felt I needed to level up before posting. jdrch I don't use the service because I find it pointless, so I have no idea. Kody 84k Berni Hargrove So apparently I'm just some weird fringe user that has less than a thousand photos. Something must be wrong with me for just living life, and letting most of everyone else do the photo work. Only a matter of time before we have people taking photos of people taking photos. Nathan J 20,793. Includes every picture I've taken with one iPhone, six Android phones, a bunch of flip phones, and various point and shoot and disposable cameras. Pro tip: Put Google Photos on your computer. If you're on vacation and you have Wi-Fi at the hotel, but Google Photos on your laptop. When you check in at the hotel, plug your phone up and copy/move all the photos over. Let it back them up while you're out and about. myssi Wondering how much it costs to Google to save all these bazillions of photos; that too for an app which earns $0. Leroy Filon 132.068 photos. If the Google Servers ever are going down, i'm screwed. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/549868d0e41d5a5cd16d5673b378dc744607daa7fa1c62e9ed238c335c4365e8.png Ailín Ó’S 93,207. Android user since 2010. Vic21 None.I don't really trust google with my photos so I sync them to Mega using FolderSync instead. instinct 43,947 - Didn't realize I had that many. I did go back and back up old photos from years ago though. Pedro o Raposo People do take a lot of photos these days. saltyzip 78,000 for me, that's what you get for having lots of kids and pets! Rosh Mathew This is for people who have 40,000 photos synced. Do you ever get the feeling that - OK IM KINDA GETTING TIRED OF SNAPPING AWAY DURING A VACATION THAN ACTUALLY ENJOYING the moment? Years later, that foggy feeling that I spent so much time taking photos that I don't remember the vacation at all? And when you do have some time to sit down and reminisce, going through thousands of snaps feels exhausting, and there is too much emphasis on quantity of snaps than QUALITY? (I used to snap away 30+ pics a day on average, now cut it down to 5-6, keeping the phone away during events to actually enjoy the moment) Horacio Gómez 66.333 photos. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 119 queries | 0.639s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Software and Apps » Nexus 5X, 6P and the Google Pixel Available with June Security Patch Nexus 5X, 6P and the Google Pixel Available with June Security Patch By Eduard Wickens / June 6, 2017 / Software and Apps No Comments on Nexus 5X, 6P and the Google Pixel Available with June Security Patch 70 Users who are not included in the Beta Program running the latest Android O developer preview are set to receive the June security patch these days. The update is still on 7.1.2, and it features some bug fixes and various security patches targeted at Google Pixel and Nexus devices. The June security patch will deal with the various freezing issues A member of the Pixel User Community who own a Google Pixel device said that the June security patch should be addressing the freezing problems that have been reported so far. Rogers Darrel, the community specialist, also notes that a VoLTE fix for the Pixel and the Pixel XL should arrive with the latest patch. Just the same as it happened last month, this month there will also be separate builds for Deutsche Telekom and Verizon, but also for Fi carriers, T-Mobile and Rogers Pixel devices. The security patch dated 2017-06-01 resolves 21 issues and the one dated 2017-06-05 deals with 80 more issues. According to Google, these two security patch level strings will offer Android partners enhanced flexibility for fixing a set of vulnerabilities that are similar for most Android devices faster. Google devices are scheduled to receive the last patch, and the devices that are created by other manufacturers will feature OEM-specific fixes. You can get the full OTA images for Nexus and Pixel devices here on this page. You’ll see that it contains OTA binary files that will offer you the possibility to update your Pixel and Nexus devices. This will have the same effect of flashing the corresponding factory images, but you will not need to wipe your device. According to the same post from Google’s official page, the files are for personal use only for your Nexus and Pixel devices and they “may not be disassembled, decompiled, reverse engineered, modified or redistributed by you or used in any way except as specifically set forth in the license terms that came with your device.” Related Tagged as: Google Pixel, June Security Patch, Nexus 5X Recommended stories you may like: The Disappointing Release Of MacBook Pro PlayStation 4 4.70 Software Update Available with New Changes Android O and What is it Going to Feature Zodiapp, pocket size astrology that promises a journey of self discovery Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat update Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complications Software update for Google Nexus 6P Android 8.0 Beta to Arrive Sooner than Expected According to Google AVG Antivirus vs. Avira – Android Antivirus Comparison Nexus 6P Problems and Fixes with its Latest Android Update Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 Phones Denied Security Fixes Nexus 7 2013 Gets to Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update Google Nexus 6, 6P and 5X Available with Android O Update Google Git Hints at Google Nexus 6 Getting Android O OTC Encore Receives Major Bravo 2.9 Operating System Update Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus are Scheduled to Receive Major Software Update Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Google Nexus 6 and Its Android Nougat Update – What Is Going On Here?June 6, 2017 The Disappointing Release Of MacBook ProMay 31, 2017 PlayStation 4 4.70 Software Update Available with New ChangesMay 31, 2017 15inch MacBook Pro Shipping DateMay 30, 2017 Discovered Bug Damaging Google Chrome Without Your AcknowledgementMay 30, 2017 Meet The Apple’s Mac Pro From The FutureMay 30, 2017 Android O and What is it Going to FeatureMay 30, 2017 iPad Pro vs. iPad Air 2 – Storage Capacity and Improvements BattleMay 30, 2017 New Nokia 9 with QWERTY KeypadMay 29, 2017 Choosing Between MacBook Pro and Surface Pro 5May 29, 2017 Zodiapp, pocket size astrology that promises a journey of self discoveryMay 28, 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 Comes With An Incredible KeyboardMay 28, 2017 Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat updateMay 28, 2017 Differences between the OnePlus5 and Samsung Galaxy S8May 27, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complicationsMay 27, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Gigjets Technology Gaming Computers Phones Software and Apps Tablets Connect With Us: X Search this site: Search for: X Navigate Here: Sitemap X Home » Phones » Google Nexus 6 and Its Android Nougat Update – What Is Going On Here? Google Nexus 6 and Its Android Nougat Update – What Is Going On Here? By Eduard Wickens / June 6, 2017 / Phones No Comments on Google Nexus 6 and Its Android Nougat Update – What Is Going On Here? 84 The Google Nexus 6 had been released in 2014, and was the last phone to be released solely on an annual basis from the Nexus line. As is the case with other Nexus devices, Google is not the only company who is working on them, they are the ones who own the brand and rights to release updates for the software. The phone was produced by Motorola, which had been acquired by Lenovo some years ago. Even if it was considered a bit of a rushed product, Google had gone to great lengths to ensure that it will be a successful device. This publicity effort had ultimately been efficient, however not to the level of the previously released Nexus 5 or the Nexus 6P released in 2015. Prior to the release of the Nexus 6, customers expected the price tag to be in same standards of affordability as was the case with the Nexus 5 and Nexus 4. Sadly, this was not the case, and the huge price tag was quite a deterrent to many possible buyers. There were also questions raised regarding the overall design of the phone, especially where the size of the display was concerned. Some others were in terms of software, where it had been criticized as not feeling like a real Nexus smartphone. Google didn’t just stand on the corner and hoped for the best. They started pulling in updates for the software that, slowly but surely, made big improvements to the overall experience when using the Nexus 6 device. On top of this, custom ROMs also exist that can help boost usability. There was also the surprise Nougat update that many didn’t see coming on the Nexus 6. In 2016, the Nexus 6 got the Android 7.0 Nougat update which added a new level of performance, problem fixing and features to the handset. Related Tagged as: Android Nougat Update, Google Nexus 6, nexus 6 Recommended stories you may like: New Nokia 9 with QWERTY Keypad Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat update Differences between the OnePlus5 and Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complications Google Nexus 6P: Amazing phone but difficult to find Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Arrives in North America for Only $329 Google Nexus 6P – Why Does it Stand out from the Rest? Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P Revival is Inevitable Nexus 5X and Nexus 6 Critical Security risks patched by Google Nexus 5 Still a Reliable Device Option Nexus 6P Battery Issues to bring Google a lawsuit Nexus 5x vs. Nexus 6P vs. Google Pixel – Which One is Worth It? LG Nexus 5X vs Xiaomi Mi6 – the Best Budget Smartphones Google Nexus 6P and Mavic Pro – How to FIx Brightness Malfunction Does the Google Nexus 5 Still Hold Its Own? Nokia 6 vs HTC U Ultra – Secondary Display or Affordable Price? Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Nexus 5X, 6P and the Google Pixel Available with June Security PatchJune 6, 2017 The Disappointing Release Of MacBook ProMay 31, 2017 PlayStation 4 4.70 Software Update Available with New ChangesMay 31, 2017 15inch MacBook Pro Shipping DateMay 30, 2017 Discovered Bug Damaging Google Chrome Without Your AcknowledgementMay 30, 2017 Meet The Apple’s Mac Pro From The FutureMay 30, 2017 Android O and What is it Going to FeatureMay 30, 2017 iPad Pro vs. iPad Air 2 – Storage Capacity and Improvements BattleMay 30, 2017 New Nokia 9 with QWERTY KeypadMay 29, 2017 Choosing Between MacBook Pro and Surface Pro 5May 29, 2017 Zodiapp, pocket size astrology that promises a journey of self discoveryMay 28, 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 2017 Comes With An Incredible KeyboardMay 28, 2017 Google says Nexus 6 and Nexus 9 are not available for Android 7.1.2 Nougat updateMay 28, 2017 Differences between the OnePlus5 and Samsung Galaxy S8May 27, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 software update fixes Bluetooth complicationsMay 27, 2017 © GigJets 2016
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Google, San Jose plan search giant’s downtown… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Live: Comey’s testimony Warriors’ moms celebrate From the fields to MIT Ghost Ship fire upate Is Ivanka ‘complicit’? Secrets of Yosemite Breaking News The Latest: Ranking intel Dem calls Comey words ‘disturbing’ Business Economy Google, San Jose plan search giant’s downtown expansion; up to 20,000 jobs possible Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) SAP Center, Diridon train station and nearby areas of downtown San Jose. Google and San Jose leaders are in formal discussions about the tech titan’s plans for expansion into the Diridon Station and SAP Center district downtown, city officials said Tuesday. By George Avalos | gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: June 6, 2017 at 10:00 am | UPDATED: June 7, 2017 at 7:40 am SAN JOSE — Google is in talks to create a massive tech campus in the heart of downtown San Jose’s Diridon Station area that could accommodate up to 20,000 jobs and transform the area into a transit-oriented tech village, city officials said Tuesday. Google and the city are discussing a potential mixed-used development that could include more than 6 million square feet of office and research-and-development space, potentially making it the company’s largest collection of tech offices. It would be larger than the search giant’s roughly 3.1-million-square-foot Mountain View headquarters, known as the Googleplex, which currently is its biggest U.S. work hub. The largest single building occupied by Google is a company-owned office tower, a 2.9-million-square-foot art deco skyscraper in Manhattan. Google ultimately intends to buy all the parcels in a roughly 240-acre area that would be needed for the mega-campus, said a person familiar with the matter. Google’s expansion plans could dovetail with San Jose’s own quest to maximize transit links in and out of Diridon Station. The area is deemed attractive for offices, homes and retail because it’s a hub for Amtrak, Caltrain and a light-rail system. It’s also slated for a BART station and a possible high-speed rail line connection, although those won’t materialize for years. All the transit upgrades could increase the number of commuters to downtown San Jose by eight-fold. “Based on our conversations with Google, we share a collective vision for the future of this space, a vision of urban design that will invite the public into the station,” San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo said during an event near the train station to announce the development plans. Google didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment about its plans. “We will transform this collection of industrial parcels, bars, and parking lots into a dynamic, vibrant epicenter of technology and creativity, complete with public plazas, retail, restaurants, world-class architecture, and of course, brilliant minds of one of the planet’s most innovative companies,” the mayor said, referring to Google. The city also envisions a different kind of tech campus than many of those already dotting the valley. “In partnership with Google, we can re-imagine Silicon Valley’s landscape by creating a vibrant, architecturally iconic, transit-focused village that provides a model for a more sustainable future, and a sharp departure from the sprawling, auto-oriented tilt-up tech campuses of the valley’s past,” Liccardo said. Mountain View-based Google, owned by a tech conglomerate called Alphabet, has been on an expansion march throughout the Bay Area through an array of leases and purchases. Mountain View, Palo Alto, Redwood City, Sunnyvale and north San Jose are among the locations where Google has planted its flag. Related Articles Slideshow of cool Google offices Editorial: Here’s what Google can bring to downtown San Jose besides jobs Google, San Jose plan search giant’s downtown expansion Google’s venture into downtown San Jose would re-sculpt the Diridon Station area’s motley collection of properties along and near Autumn and Montgomery streets a short distance from the SAP Center. The area was once proposed for a baseball stadium and is now targeted for an 8.3-acre, mixed-use office, retail and residential complex planned by developer Trammell Crow. “Google’s interest in potentially laying down roots in San Jose will be transformational to the landscape of downtown and the entire city,” Vice Mayor Magdalena Carrasco said. Google’s plans for downtown San Jose have emerged as two groups of property investors have quietly launched a shopping spree for properties in the Diridon Station area, a land assembly that could eventually accommodate one or more mega-campuses for tech workers, along with housing and stores. The two groups of buyers have spent a combined $124 million in the acquisition binge. San Jose council members expressed optimism about Google’s potential entry to downtown. “It is the best use for Diridon,” San Jose Councilman Raul Peralez said. “We share the company’s vision and look forward to working with them.” San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo, at a downtown San Jose parking lot, announces plans for the city and Google to partner in an effort to bring the search giant into a massive campus near Diridon Station. Patrick Tehan/Bay Area News Group Related Articles Slideshow of cool Google offices Editorial: Here’s what Google can bring to downtown San Jose besides jobs Google, San Jose plan search giant’s downtown expansion City staffers intend to propose that San Jose enter into exclusive negotiations with Google to enable the search giant to collect properties owned by the city and the San Jose Redevelopment Agency’s successor. “We look forward to working with Google and stakeholders to bring forward a transformative project,” said Kim Walesh, San Jose’s economic development director. The City Council is slated to consider the staff proposal on June 20. Some business owners expressed misgivings about the prospect of being Google’s neighbor — or being displaced by the digital giant. Get top headlines in your inbox every afternoon. Sign up for the free PM Report newsletter. “Looks like Google is buying up everything they can around here,” said Edgar Salcedo, owner of Ed’s Scientific Auto Body on South Autumn Street. Still, city officials believe San Jose is now on the path of progress. “Silicon Valley’s center of gravity is shifting southward,” Liccardo said. “As we build Diridon to become the busiest multi-modal station in the West, the tens of thousands who will commute here daily will know that they have arrived in Silicon Valley’s urban center, and that downtown San Jose has arrived.” Tags:  Commercial Real Estate Development Economy Google Jobs Technology George Avalos George Avalos is a business reporter for the Bay Area News Group. Follow George Avalos @georgeavalos Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Game 3: The greatest moment of the greatest Warriors season Thompson: Now, Warriors seek vengeance – 16-0 San Jose’s oldest restaurant will close Watch: Mamas Curry and Durant gleefully celebrate Warriors’ Game 3 win San Jose woman arrested in connection with Milpitas hit and run Hate, anti-Semitism on rise at Alameda schools, parents say Live: After weeks of buildup, the former FBI director James Comey takes the mike on Capitol Hill From farmworker fields to MIT: Gilroy family shares success story More in Economy Butler: Guess who loses when pension plans hit hard times June 08, 2017, 6:39 am When pension plans in the private sector go sideways enough to be bailed out by the federally owned Pension Benefit Guarantee Corp., many parties lose — including U.S. taxpayers. Trump promises ‘first-class’ infrastructure system for U.S. June 08, 2017, 3:19 am President Donald Trump used a speech in Cincinnati to reiterate his plans, and promise, to create a “first-class” system of roads, bridges and waterways by using $200 billion in public funds that he says will generate $1 trillion in investment to pay for construction projects that most public officials agree are badly needed and long overdue. Consumer borrowing rises at slowest pace in six years June 08, 2017, 4:33 am Credit card spending growth slowed, while borrowing gains for school and autos also cooled as American consumers increased their borrowing at the slowest pace in April than they have in almost six years. Oakland will get boutique hotel in hot Uptown area June 08, 2017, 4:34 am Oakland will get its first new downtown hotel in more than a decade with a lodging complex planned for the East Bay city’s bustling Uptown district. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Articles l l The Best Streaming Music Services for Any Type of Listener What’s New in iOS 11 for iPhone and iPad, Arriving Fall 2017 What Is conhost.exe and Why Is It Running On My PC? How to Record a Phone Call on Android Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search How to Record Your Android Device’s Screen By Cameron Summerson on June 6th, 2017 Recording your Android device’s screen used to be a real chore—it required root access, and even then it was a janky workaround at best. But back with KitKat (Android 4.4), Google incorporated a way to do this natively, making it much easier. There are basically two ways of capturing your Android device’s screen: the “official” Google way (using adb), or using a third-party app to do the hard work for you, without plugging into a computer. We’ll cover both ways here, and you can choose which one works best for you from there. The Easy, Unofficial Method: Capture Your Device’s Screen with AZ Screen Recorder While this method is unofficial, it’s definitely the easier method, so it’s what we recommend for most people. There are dozens of screen recording apps in the Play Store at this point, but we’re going to use AZ Screen Recorder for this. It’s easy to use and full of useful features, which is really all any could want from a screen recorder. Right? There is a free version of AZ available, if you want advanced functionality (and no ads), there’s also a $2.99 premium version. Go ahead and install it from the Play Store, then fire it up. it’ll take a second to get everything ready, then a small popup window will show up on with a handful of buttons: Settings, Screenshot, Record, Images, and Market. The only ones you really need to be concerned with are Settings and Record. There’s also a notification bar entry you can use to access AZ’s features. Starting with the Settings menu, there are a couple of things you may want to tweak here, like video resolution, frame rate, and the like. There are also options to show touches, use the cameras to include a PIP environment, record audio, and more. There are a lot of features here, so if you find yourself using AZ a lot, it’s worth digging into a little it.   Once you’ve tweaked all the things you want to tweak, pull the shade down and tap “Record” to start capturing the screen. A window will pop up letting you know that everything on the screen will be captured. Accept this to initiate the recording. A timer will start, giving you three seconds to get ready. When you’re finished with the recording, just pull the shade back down and tap the “Stop” button. The video will save and a small window will appear that lets you tweak the video if you’d like. Otherwise it will just save to your device. And that’s pretty much all there is to it. You can copy the video to your computer or share it wherever you want. The Official, Complicated Method: Capture Your Device’s Screen with ADB RELATED ARTICLE How to Install and Use ADB, the Android Debug Bridge Utility If you want to go Google’s official route, you’ll need to have adb (from the Android SDK) set up on your computer. The good news is we already have a guide to help with that. And if you’re really serious about using adb, you can add it to your Windows System PATH to make it even easier. Once you have that all set up, capturing your screen is easy. First, fire up the command line for whatever operating system you’re using. If you’re using Windows and didn’t bother with adding adb to your system PATH, then you’ll need to navigate to the SDK installation folder, find adb in platform-tools, and Shift+Right Click, then choose “Open PowerShell Window Here” (it might also read “Open Command Prompt Here” depending on your version of Windows) to get adb to work correctly. Now that you have that up and running, go ahead and connect your Android phone to your computer. If you haven’t already, make sure to enable Developer Options and USB Debugging on your phone. With USB Debugging enabled, your phone should throw a prompt up asking if you want to allow USB Debugging from the connected computer. Tick the box and tap “OK.” Back in the terminal, let’s first make sure everything is working okay—type the following into the window: adb devices If everything looks good, you should see something like this: If it reads “unauthorized” instead of “device,” then check your phone—USB Debugging access needs to be granted. If everything looks good, you’ll use a simple tool to capture the screen: adb shell screenrecord /sdcard/test.mp4 You can change the location and file name in the latter half of this command if you want. It’s also worth noting that this saves the file to your phone—not the computer. This will record for roughly three minutes. If you’d like to end it before that, simply press Ctrl+C on your keyboard in the active terminal window. It’s also worth mentioning that this will not record any audio—only what’s happening on the screen. Boom, your recording is finished. Now, you can just transfer the file from your phone to your computer using the file manager. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (4 REPLIES) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Cameron Summerson is a die-hard Android fan, Chicago Bulls fanatic, metalhead, and cyclist. When he's not pounding keys on the 'net, you can find him spending time with his wife and kids, chugging away on the 6-string, spinning on the streets, or watching the Bulls while yelling at the TV. Published 06/6/17 DID YOU KNOW? Teddy Roosevelt named the White House as such in 1901; prior to Roosevelt, the president’s residence was officially referred to as the Executive Mansion. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK 4 Ways to Run Android on Your PC and Make Your Own “Dual OS” System Using Firefox on Linux? Your Flash Player is Old and Outdated! Nest vs. Ecobee3 vs. Honeywell Lyric: Which Smart Thermostat Should You Buy? How to Disable All of Windows 10’s Built-in Advertising 8 Navigation Tricks Every iPad User Needs to Know 7 Ways To Free Up Hard Disk Space On Windows 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 Firefox is About to Become an Almost Complete Copy of Chrome 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Law & Disorder — How one patent troll is desperately trying to stay in East Texas Uniloc finds plenty of reasons why Google should still be sued in East Texas. Joe Mullin - Jun 6, 2017 5:26 pm UTC Is this enough to keep Google in East Texas courts? reader comments 87 Share this story Uniloc, one of the nation's most well-known patent-holding companies, sued Google earlier this year in the Eastern District of Texas. Even though neither Uniloc nor Google has meaningful ties to that area, the lawsuit was no surprise—East Texas has long been the most popular venue for patent-holding companies to file lawsuits. But the rules around patent venue changed dramatically last month when the US Supreme Court issued its decision in TC Heartland v. Kraft Foods. The decision held that patent-holders must sue either where the defendant company is incorporated or where it "has committed acts of infringement and has a regular and established place of business." Further ReadingSupreme Court makes it much harder for patent trolls to sue in East TexasNow Uniloc is scrambling to keep Google and other big tech defendants in East Texas federal courts. Uniloc filed a brand-new complaint (PDF) last week, which spends twice as much time describing Google's ties to Texas as it does explaining how Google supposedly infringes two Uniloc patents, numbered 8,995,433 and 7,535,890. The patents, entitled "System and Method for VoIP messaging," describe sending instant messages and voice messages over the Internet. Geography Uniloc lawyers have taken an "everything but the kitchen sink" approach in an effort to make their re-filed complaint stick in Texas. The lawsuit is full of pictures of Google services, which can all be seen on the phones and Web browsers of—you guessed it—Eastern District residents. Uniloc's complaint is full of Google's geographic sins, including the company's "highly interactive and commercial websites," which do things such as: solicit users and do business directly with residents of the Eastern District of Texas to create a user account and a Gmail email address; create an address book of contacts of friends, family, and business associates; participate in interactive messaging with other users; participate in interactive video conferencing with other users; and make voice calls using an interactive software dialer to other users as well as to nonuser phone numbers in the United States, Canada, and internationally. Further, Defendant’s website also accepts payment from residents of the Eastern District of Texas (via payments.google.com) to make long distance and international calls. Then there's Google's "highly interactive search engine," which operates by "directly interacting with users in the Eastern District of Texas." Google "sells products directly to individuals in the Eastern District of Texas," including Google Home, Chromecast products, and Pixel phones. Uniloc lawyers also detail at length the offices and employees that Google maintains in Texas—entirely in Dallas and Austin, neither of which are in the Eastern District. It's an incredible amount of utterly irrelevant information that won't help Uniloc maintain venue. Further ReadingPatent that cost Microsoft millions gets invalidatedUniloc seems to have searched for every iota of Google's business activity in a large state and thrown it into its lawsuit. The complaint details Google's three offices in Austin—including a downtown location that has more than 200,000 square feet of office space—which contain "hundreds" of employees. Google provides services to Texas universities, including Texas A&M University—which has facilities in the Eastern District. Uniloc lawyers eagerly note that Google has "massively scanned" books from Texas universities and that Google has provided the state of Texas with aerial imagery. Waze partners with the (non-Eastern District) City of Fort Worth to provide traffic data. Google provides services to Eastern District schools and businesses—the complaint cites the Frisco Independent School District's Google Apps link in a footnote. The company provides advertising to Eastern District businesses and solicits reviews of those businesses. And Google "tracks the locations of individuals in the Eastern District of Texas" through their Google accounts and Android phones. The complaint even notes that Google will provide traffic conditions to the Marshall federal courthouse, as well as a street view of the same courthouse. Below are some images from Uniloc's complaint, highlighting its various arguments to remain in the Eastern District. The complaint notes that Google has hundreds of employees and hundreds of thousands of square feet of office space in Texas—but it's all in Austin and Dallas, outside the Eastern District. The complaint begins by showing shots of various common Google services, like Gmail—all available on Web browsers in the Eastern District of Texas. Google will ship hardware like Pixel phones to lots of locales—including this Pixel C that's on its way to an undisclosed location in Frisco, Texas. Google Apps are used by Texas universities, including Texas A&M, which has facilities in the Eastern District. Who's getting a Google Voice number today? Why, it's a resident of Marshall, Texas, the small town that's become legendary as a hotspot of patent litigation. Three numbers with a 903 telephone prefix are on offer. The Frisco Independent School District uses Google. Shall we eat at The Blue Frog or The Jalapeño Tree? "Defendant provides advertising services to businesses in the Eastern District of Texas, including soliciting reviews of patrons that have visited a business in the Eastern District of Texas, as shown below." Google Street View's out taking pictures, in Marshall, Texas. Uniloc lawyers include a picture of the Federal Courthouse, which has seen many patent trials. Uniloc lawyers highlight a list of Texas counties where Google Street View operates. Google "has also used modified backpacks where Defendant’s agents or employees walked around while images were obtained." Uniloc lawyers displayed an image of Toyota Stadium in the Eastern District of Texas, below. Uniloc lawyers included this image to show Google Express services are available in East Texas. The website reads: "Terrific! Deliveries come to 75670," a zip code for Marshall. "Google has 'Local Guides' in the Eastern District of Texas," notes Uniloc. The Local Guides "obtain benefits such as the ability to 'test new products before public release' and obtaining free cloud storage space in Defendants' cloud. This picture illustrates Uniloc's US Patent No. 7,535,890. The company argues that Google Hangouts infringes this VoIP patent, which once was assigned to an Ohio company that built voice services for video gaming. “Irrelevant nonsense” The big question is—will it work? It seems very unlikely. If simply offering Web-based services to a district's residents is enough to maintain venue there, then the Supreme Court's TC Heartland ruling will have almost no effect. It seems unlikely that a district court judge would be willing to offer such a direct challenge to a clear directive from the nation's highest court. The exact argument Uniloc is making here is already contradicted by existing law, as pointed out by Josh Landau, a lawyer for the Computer and Communications Industry Association, in a recent blog post. A case called In re Cordis established that a "permanent and continuous presence" in the district is required to meet the venue statute. A commercial website isn't enough. Further ReadingWhy patent trolls go to East Texas, explained"In University of Illinois Foundation v. Channel Master, a company that sold products into a state but did not itself have a facility there, (although it did have a salesman) didn’t have a 'regular and established place of business,'" Landau writes. "Essentially, promotion of sale or use of products in a location simply isn’t enough to be a regular and established place of business." Google's activities in Austin and Dallas "simply aren't relevant," nor is the presence of the Google Street View cars taking pictures in Marshall and elsewhere. Landau points out that the venue statutes have already been interpreted regarding a company that "periodically and regularly" has vehicles in a state in a railroad case called Phillips v. Baker. There will be other important cases that are more likely to test the limits of TC Heartland, which probably won't be a get-out-of-Texas-free card for every type of business. Because defendants can still be sued where they have a "regular and established" place of business, it isn't clear that national retailers that truly do have stores and employees in the Eastern District will be able to easily transfer their cases out. Google isn't the only company Uniloc is trying to keep in its favored district. Uniloc also sued Apple on Friday, using patents it says cover pedometer technology and device wake-up features, such as those in Apple Watch. Origins Both of the patents in Uniloc's Google lawsuit originated at Ayalogic, an Ohio company that created voice technology for the video-game industry. Ayalogic founder Michael Rojas is named as the inventor. TechCrunch's business database states that Ayalogic closed in 2011, and the Internet Archive's records suggest Ayalogic's website went offline around 2012. Patent records show that Rojas continues to file patents. Since 2015, he has assigned patent applications to both Uniloc and Empire IP, another large patent monetization firm. Uniloc has filed more than 100 patent lawsuits, using at least 39 different patents. The company's original successes were based on its "software activation" patent, which Uniloc used to lay a broad claim to anti-piracy technologies. The patent resulted in a $388 million jury verdict against Microsoft. It was invalidated by the patent office last year after Sega, Ubisoft, and other game companies challenged the patent. A Uniloc attorney didn't respond to a request for comment for this story. Google declined to comment on the case. Joe Mullin Joe has covered the intersection of law and technology, including the world's biggest copyright and patent battles, since 2007. Email joe.mullin@arstechnica.com // Twitter @joemullin reader comments 87 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 08, 9:52 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology iOS 11 Vs Android O: How New Features On Apple And Google’s New Systems Compare By Fionna Agomuoh @FionnaatIBT On 06/06/17 AT 1:25 PM Close Apple and Google’s new operating systems will roll out to devices later this year, but the companies have already showcased a bit of what users can expect. Apple hosted its WWDC keynote Monday, detailing highlight features on iOS 11, just weeks after Google hosted the keynote for its I/O conference, where it detailed highlight features for Android O. Apple and Google have many similar features within their ecosystems, but not every feature translates directly from iOS to Android. Many updates found in the Photos app in iOS 11 correlates to the Google Photos platform, which is separate from its Android operating system. The equivalent to Apple’s iOS native application Siri is Google Assistant, which is also a separate platform from Android. Still, there is much to compare between Apple and Google’s upcoming operating systems. Here’s a rundown of some of the similar aspects to be found in iOS 11 and Android O. iOS 11, Android O Release Date Roll Out Apple CEO Tim Cook announced that 86 percent of users run the latest iOS 10 software on their compatible software, including iPhones, iPods, and iPads. In comparison, about 9 percent of users are running Google’s current Android 7.0 Nougat software. Once Android O releases in the late summer, it may take several months for it to match Nougat’s usage figures, while iOS 11 will likely have adoption figures very close to iOS 10 when it releases in the fall. However, Google announced at I/O, its Project Treble initiative, which is intended to make Android update times more efficient for OEMs, by separating stock Android updates from customizations released by manufacturers. It remains to be seen exactly how this will translate into adoption of the new operating system. Currently, the most widely used Android OS is Marshmallow, which released in 2015 and powers about 31 percent of Android smartphones. Apple will retire several products from the update rotation as of iOS 11, including the iPhone 5 and 5C and the fourth-gen iPad. With this update, only devices running a 64-bit architecture will update to Apple’s latest software, the aforementioned devices run a 32-bit architecture. Text And Communication Apple’s updates to its text and communication features include a redesign to the iMessages app drawer to make apps and stickers more accessible to users. Messengers from the texting application will now also sync to iCloud as well as any Apple product, to which a user is signed in. Apple also announced Apple Pay will now also work within iMessage, with users being able to send payment requests to contacts and transfers with Touch ID from within the application. Google’s updates to its text and communication features include smart text selection, which will identify the important information being highlighted by a user and not end the highlight prematurely. Android O will also get auto-fill for usernames and passwords. App Stores As of iOS 11, the Apple App Store will receive a major redesign, which focuses on easier navigation of the app marketplace. The App Store now features specific tabs for updates of the current day, for games, apps and in-app purchases. Apple also detailed that developers can expect faster review times for applications, as well as a new phased releases feature, which will allow developers to trickle out updates to gauge user feedback, before a widespread rollout. Android O will include features such as Google Play Protect, which shows virus scanning details within the Google Play Store. Developers can also take advantage of Play Console Dashboard, which will allow them to test applications of most major smartphones. Notifications And Settings Apple has brought a new look to its control center, which merges notifications and quick settings toggle into a single screen. From the control center, users will be able to swipe up to access notifications. Android O will introduce notification dots to the stock Google software. Certain applications will now have a dot on their corresponding icons when updates and notifications are available within the app. Apple, as well as several Android OEMs, have utilized the notification dot feature, but it has never before been a native feature on Android. Google has also brought some design tweaks to its drop down notifications menu, including a smaller font and a more prominent quick toggle panel. Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories iOS 11 Will Include Siri Updates, New iPhone Control Center Apple Reveals Siri-Powered HomePod Audio Speaker At WWDC 2017 Recommended Business Sears To Shut Down Over 70 Stores In January, Sears announced it would be shutting down 150 stores and, in May, added at least 30 more stores to that list. Technology ‘Kingdom Hearts III’ Actor Kills Dreams Of E3 Release Date Reveal ‘Kingdom Hearts III’ might have some sort of presence at E3 2017, but one of the game’s voice actors says we shouldn’t expect a release date reveal. Read the full disappointing tweet here. World Iran Blames Trump's Visit To Saudi For Tehran Attacks Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps blamed, in a statement, President Donald Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia last month, for Wednesday's twin terror attacks in Tehran. National How Much Did James Comey Make Before His Firing? Before Comey was removed from his position by President Donald Trump, the former FBI director was taking home a substantial paycheck. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Rob Nightingale Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Why the Amazon App Store Is an Android Security Threat Security Android Why the Amazon App Store Is an Android Security Threat Christian Cawley June 6, 2017 06-06-2017 5 minutes Why the Amazon App Store Is an Android Security Threat Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Free apps and games. It’s always the promise of free stuff that lures people into a false sense of security. And it’s that very carrot that prompts otherwise sensible people to install third-party app stores on Android. We’ve even recommended such libraries before. Sometimes they’re better than Google Play in terms of presentation, but often they provide apps that have been dropped from the “official” store. Often they make available software that the “developers” perhaps don’t have the legal right to repackage. And then there are apps and games laden with malware. But you don’t even need to install one of these third-party apps to weaken your smartphone. All you need to do is install the app store itself. This act alone can open your device to vulnerabilities. So what has this got to do with Amazon? Amazon’s Apps on Android Several Amazon-published apps are available for Android. These include, but are not limited to, the Amazon Kindle and the Amazon Shopping apps. You might also find Amazon Music, Amazon Seller, Amazon Prime Now, Amazon Alexa, and audiobooks from Audible. You’ve probably used most (or all) of these apps at some point. None of them pose a risk to your device (that we’re aware of at the time of writing) and they’re all available via Google Play, subject to the same screening that’s required for all other apps and games. Advertisement But there is one app that you won’t find on Google Play. What Is Amazon Underground? Amazon tablets (and Fire TV hardware) get the Amazon Appstore by default. They’re often build around instant access to Amazon’s vast library of media, apps, games, and shopping. Standard Android devices don’t have this access. It’s presented instead via some of the apps listed above. This way you get music from your Amazon library, streamed video from Amazon Instant Video, etc. For apps and games, however, you need the Amazon Underground app. You won’t find this in Google Play as it’s a third-party app store. This means that you must reduce the security of your device to install it — and most users will forget to reverse this change after installing it. The Unknown Underground Amazon Underground, like any other app from a third party, requires you to enable installation of apps from Unknown Sources on your Android smartphone or tablet. This setting — found under Settings > Security — can have serious security repercussions. While it’s risky to use it for a single app, it can be easy to overlook that the security setting has been disabled when faced with an exciting new app store. But the trust that people have in Amazon overpowers that risk. After all, Amazon would hardly release an app that damages your phone, right? Free Premium Games Amazon Underground is an attractive proposition for Android users as it has a key selling point: free games. While games are free all over the place, these particular games are ones that cost a fee to acquire on Google Play. This essentially gives mobile gamers the chance to save money. Who wouldn’t want to do that? In other words, this is an app by a trusted name in e-commerce that requires you to reduce the security of your smart phone or tablet to save money on premium apps. Uncomfortable, isn’t it? Why You Shouldn’t Enable Unknown Sources With Unknown Sources enabled, your Android device is at risk Is It Safe to Install Android Apps from Unknown Sources? Is It Safe to Install Android Apps from Unknown Sources? The Google Play Store isn't your only source of apps, but is it safe to search elsewhere? Read More . If you’re going beyond Google Play, you should be able to verify the origin of the app you’re installing. There are two questions you should ask yourself if you’re planning to install apps from outside of the Google Play Store: Is the APK file genuine? Does it come from a reputable developer or publisher? In most cases, if you cannot answer “Yes” to both questions, then you should not install the app. Unfortunately, it isn’t as clean-cut as that. If you’re trying to use Android without relying on Google Here's How You Can Use Android But Ditch Google Here's How You Can Use Android But Ditch Google Want to use your Android smartphone or tablet without Google? Want to use open source software? Here we take an in-depth look at exactly how to do that. Read More — a great way to enhance your privacy — then third-party app stores are a necessity. Amazon’s Begging Bowl Amazon started at a massive disadvantage in the app store market. Apple and Google (and latterly, Microsoft) have a walled garden, which they control quite well. The advantage for consumers is that malicious software cannot spread to phones. Controls put in place in the submission and review process for new apps and games prevents this. However, whereas Apple and Microsoft block the installation of apps from third parties (although there are ways for developers to install their own apps), things are not so tight on Android. Hence the Unknown Sources setting. It makes sense that a company as adept at profit making as Amazon should try and attract Android users. After all, its own mobile operating system, Fire OS, is based on Android. Apps for one work on the other. But even using Amazon Underground to install apps requires you to have Unknown Sources enabled. That’s not a great option. As Andrew Blaich, a security researcher at Lookout, observes: “By allowing unknown sources, a user is removing the first line of defense in stopping themselves from installing a malicious app that can be delivered from a number of sources, including malicious website links, phishing attempts and others…” Yes, enabling Unknown Sources isn’t just about third-party app stores and apps. Websites and adverts can prompt your phone to install malicious software. The same goes for links in email messages and instant messengers. All of this puts Android security at a similar level to Windows security. Android malware Malware on Android: The 5 Types You Really Need to Know About Malware on Android: The 5 Types You Really Need to Know About Malware can affect mobile as well as desktop devices. But don't be afraid: a bit of knowledge and the right precautions can protect you from threats like ransomware and sextortion scams. Read More can be accidentally installed from anywhere. That’s why disabling Unknown Sources is inherently unsafe. Is It a Risk You Want to Take? We know that enabling Unknown Sources is Android opens your phone to malware on third party app stores. And we know that a nice selection of premium games are available free in the Amazon App Store. While there are rumors that Android O How to Access the Android O Beta Right Now How to Access the Android O Beta Right Now Android O is coming soon, but you can get the beta version now and give it a try. Here's how to sign up to try the next version of Android right now on your eligible... Read More will enable the installation of third party app stores, thereby bypassing the problem of leaving Unknown Sources enabled for a prolonged period, as things stand, it remains a risk. Is it a risk you take? Are you happy to leave your phone vulnerable to malware just to make a few savings? Tell us in the comments. Image Credits: Who is Danny/Shutterstock Previous PostMonopoly on Your Phone? 10 Classic Board Games Gone MobileNext PostGoogle Teaches Your Kids How to Stay Safe Online 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Christian Cawley 867 articles Christian Cawley is MakeUseOf's security and Linux editor, with extensive experience in IT desktop and software support. Christian is a regular contributor to print publications such as Linux User & Developer, as well as a number of specials: Raspberry Pi for Beginners, Expert Android, The iPad Book Vol 6, WordPress… Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Internet Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Advertisement Related Articles The Kickstarter Products That Came to Life [UK] Deals The Kickstarter Products That Came to Life [UK] 7 Deals to Prepare You for Summer [UK] Deals 7 Deals to Prepare You for Summer [UK] How to Use Advanced Search for Amazon to Find What You Want Internet How to Use Advanced Search for Amazon to Find What You Want Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Subscribe TRENDING DRIVERLESS CARS APPLE SPACEX CLIMATE CHANGE AVIATION ASK US ANYTHING ALIENS? TOPICS ANIMALS AVIATION DIY ENVIRONMENT GADGETS HEALTH MILITARY SCIENCE SPACE TECHNOLOGY VIDEOS BLOGS EASTERN ARSENAL ZERO MOMENT SHOP Archives PopularScience.TV Follow us email facebook twitter Google Plus instagram tumblr pinterest youTube snapchat rss Subscribe SUBSCRIBE to the Magazine DIY How to use Google Earth and Street View to explore the planet Globetrot from the comfort of the couch By David Nield posted Jun 6th, 2017 at 1:06pm In April, Google pushed out a major update to its Google Earth app. Google For a long stretch of human history, you had to actually go somewhere to see what it looked like. Nowadays, it's much easier to check out the world's sights from the comfort of your own home. Virtual tourism tools are improving all the time, thanks in part to Google's efforts to map all four corners of the globe. In April, the search behemoth announced a revamp of its Google Earth software, which now runs right in your web browser. While it goes global with Google Earth, the company is helping you explore local areas with its constantly improving Street View photography. Here's how to explore the world in each of these free apps. How to use Google Earth Google Earth has been with us for more than a decade now. Although it first launched as a desktop program, Google recently revamped and relaunched the program as a web application. It gives you a three dimensional, interactive twist on the foundations laid by Google Maps, which makes Google Earth perfect for touring any location you like. Because the software now works in your browser, getting started is easier than ever. Once you go to the website, you have two options: You can either click the Launch Google Earth button to tool around yourself, or scroll down further to select one of Google's pre-made packages. The latter will send you to specific places on the globe, where you can explore the area, check out photos, and read explanatory notes. If you choose to dive into the main interface, simply click the search button (a magnifying glass) and type where you want to go. The search field is pretty smart, so, for example, "Paris" will take you to the same place as "the capital of France." Google Earth 3D view Google Earth now provides detailed 3D views of many towns and cities. David Nield/Popular Science The program's navigation is pretty easy to use. Try out these commands: Click and drag to move. Use the mouse scroll wheel or pinch your trackpad to zoom. Hold down Shift, then click and drag to change the tilt level or rotate the view. Hold down Ctrl and click and drag to change the viewing angle. Click the buttons down in the lower right corner of the interface to control the zoom level and switch between 2D and 3D views When you zoom into the highest level of detail, you can see just how comprehensive Google Earth's 3D modeling has become, especially in urban areas. As on Google Maps, click on any of the names to learn more about that place or landmark. Google Earth info cards Info cards tell you more about a place and let you bookmark it for later. David Nield/Popular Science In addition to navigation, you have more menu options. Use the top-left hamburger button to open up the menu, and you can find the Map Style settings dialog, which lets you customize the amount of detail you see on the screen. Other options on the menu include the Voyages tours—the pre-made packages we mentioned earlier—and places you've bookmarked for later reference. Every time a place card appears on screen, whether from a search or a click on the map, you can bookmark it using the icon at the foot of the card. Another feature we want to flag up is the I'm Feeling Lucky option, the die icon on the left-hand menu. Click the icon to be transported to a location on the globe picked out by Google. The destination will usually be an area of natural beauty or particular interest. This is a great way to discover new places. As well as using the web interface, you can also download Google Earth for Android or iOS (the iOS version is more than a year out of date now, but expect an update soon). The phone apps are very similar to the web interface, though you must use your fingers to navigate rather than the mouse. You can still search for, tour around, and bookmark specific locations, or choose I'm Feeling Lucky to jump to somewhere new. How to use Street View Google Earth is fantastic for getting an overview of a place or checking out topography on a wide scale, but Street View is better for taking a really close look at neighborhoods. Built right into Google Maps and Google Earth, Street View will be more familiar to most people. To find somewhere specific, search for it in Google Maps or Google Earth, then drag the little Pegman icon from the lower-right corner to that spot. Blue areas on the map mark streets and places of interest where Street View imagery is available. So, once you've reached your destination, click and drag to look around. The arrows or blue lines on screen help you navigate around while in Street View, so you can take a tour without leaving the ground. You can also tap the cursor keys on the keyboard to move about. If you don't want to go through Google Maps, Street View actually has its own portal online, where you can find some of the best photography of locations around the world. The Street View cameras have traveled along footpaths, beside railway lines, down ski runs, and up mountain faces. Now that's dedication. Street View gallery The Street View gallery shows off some of Google's picks. David Nield/Popular Science Not sure where you want to visit? The Gallery page makes a good starting point. It provides a constantly rotating selection of highlights from different countries. Click on any of the options to see a gallery, in which Street View imagery automatically pans around each site. Click the arrows to go forward or backward, and use your mouse's scroll wheel or your laptop's trackpad to zoom in and out. Another benefit of the guided-tour approach is that the program shows you background information on cards, which can give you context for whatever you're looking at. It's similar to the Voyages packs in Google Earth. Street View Street View takes you right down to the sidewalk level. David Nield/Popular Science Street View in Google Maps has one added bonus, which is historical imagery. Click the date link in the top-left corner while in Street View to see if older pictures are available. In a lot of places, you can go back ten years or more, to the very earliest Street View snapshots. As with Google Earth, you can find Street View apps for Android and iOS. They let you take a virtual walk around any location you like on your smartphone screen. One advantage of installing the phone apps is that you can create your own 360-degree images and upload them to Street View. Try photographing your local street or adding a particularly beautiful spot in the countryside. Tags: google earth street view TRAVEL DIY earth planet world Photography Editors' Picks Latest News Videos Subscribe Renew Customer Service Privacy Policy Terms of Use Abuse Masthead Contact Us Popular Science TV Copyright © 2017 Popular Science. A Bonnier Corporation Company. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
June 8, 2017 Brandon 16° C, A few clouds Full Forecast Contact Us Subscribe Manage Subscription Insider Login Create Free Account Help Contact Us Submit a News Tip Advertising Contact Finding your information My Account Manage my Subscription Commenting Profile Change Password Grid View List View Compact View Text Size Translate Log Out Login Create Free Account Help Grid View List View Compact View Text Size Translate Home E-Edition Brandon Sun Westman This Week Sections News Local News Westman this Week Calendars National News World News Sports Sports home Local Sports Wheat Kings High School Hockey Curling Baseball Basketball Football Golf Post-Secondary Other Sports Opinion Opinion home Columnists Letters to the Editor Sound Off Send a letter to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Submit a News Tip Entertainment Entertainment home Local TV Local Movies Lifestyles Business Agriculture Multimedia Multimedia home Point of View Special Features Classifieds Obituaries Photo Store Subscribe About Us About Us Advertising Fund Raising Newspapers In Education (NIE) Help/FAQ Privacy Policy Access To Information FP Newspapers Inc. Your Balance +tax Your Balance +tax Contact Us Submit a News Tip Send a Letter to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Advertising Contact Report an Error Finding your information Login Create Account Help Grid View List View Compact View Text Size Translate My Account My Dashboard Manage my Subscription Change Password Grid View List View Compact View Text Size Translate Log Out Login Create Account Subscribe Contact Us Contact Us Subscribe Manage Subscription Insider All Sections Local Sports Opinion Entertainment Lifestyles Business Agriculture Multimedia Classifieds Obituaries Careers Advertisement Advertise With Us International Breaking News Google to teach school kids about online safety, etiquette By: The Associated Press Posted: 06/6/2017 8:58 AM | Last Modified: 06/6/2017 12:17 PM Tweet Post Reddit ShareThis Print Email MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. - Google is spearheading an educational campaign to teach pre-teen children how to protect themselves from scams, predators and other trouble. The program announced Tuesday is called "Be Internet Awesome." Google co-ordinated the curriculum with several online safety groups, including the Family Online Safety Institute , the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and Connect Safely . FILE- This April 26, 2017, file photo shows a Google icon on a mobile phone in Philadelphia. Google is spearheading an educational campaign to teach pre-teen children how to protect themselves from scams, predators and other trouble. The program announced Tuesday, June 6, is called ‚ÄúBe Internet Aware.‚Äù (AP Photo/Matt Rourke, File) The lessons are tailored for kids ranging from eight to 12 years old, a time when many of today's children are getting their own smartphones and other devices that connect to the internet. To make the experience more fun, Google and its partners developed a game called "Interland" to help teach children about the ins and outs of online safety. Google is encouraging teachers to use elements of its program in their classrooms, too. ___ This story has been corrected to reflect the name of the campaign is "Be Internet Awesome" instead of "Be Internet Aware." Advertisement Advertise With Us Report Error Submit a Tip RefundRefund The Brandon Sun is not accepting comments on this story. Why aren't comments accepted on this story? See our Commenting Terms and Conditions. Photo Store Top
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google releases June security updates with fix for Pixel freezing issue Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | June 6, 2017 0 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               If you’ve got a Google Pixel or Pixel XL that’s been suffering from freezing issues, then you’re going to want to keep an eye out for Google’s latest software update. Google has released the June security update for Nexus and Pixel devices, which includes the latest Android security patches. The company has also confirmed that the update includes a fix “that should address many of the freezing issues that have bene reported” by Pixel owners. The update is now rolling out over the air, so if you haven’t seen it yet, it should arrive in the coming days. If you’re feeling impatient and you’re comfortable with side loading an update, Google is also offering the factory images and OTA images for this June security update.  It can be frustrating when you’re trying to use your phone and it keeps freezing, especially if you’ve got a flagship device that’s less than one year old. Here’s to hoping that this new update does indeed fix the freezing issues affecting some Pixel and Pixel XL units so that those owners can go back to using their phones like normal. Do you have a Pixel or Pixel XL that’s suffering from freezing issues? Via:  Android Police Source:  Android Security Bulletin Nexus/Pixel factory images Nexus/Pixel OTA images Google Product Forums Android Google Previous ArticleOnePlus 5 will be revealed on June 20th Next ArticleGoogle posts Android distribution for June 2017, Nougat continues to grow Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts OnePlus 5 will be revealed on June 20th Will the HomePod experience justify its price? OnePlus 5 shown off in leaked image with dual rear camera setup T-Mobile will begin selling new 10.5-inch, 12.9-inch iPad Pro models next week View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A30 Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel GO FLIP Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel Onetouch Pixi Bond Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pixi Unite Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung ANS H450R Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry KEYone BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life One X2 BLU Life One X2 Mini BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio J5 BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Avail Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Essential Phone Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 Honor 6X HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC U Play HTC U Ultra HTC U11 HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend Huawei Ascend 5W HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P10 Huawei P10 Plus Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SENSA Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch Huawei Watch 2 i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 108C LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 238C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 442BG LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aristo LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG G6 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG Harmony LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K20 plus LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG Phoenix 3 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Risio LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spree LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Stylo 3 LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG X Style LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto C Plus Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto G5 Moto G5 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Polaroid A4 Polaroid A5 Polaroid A6 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 Emerge Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy J7 Perx Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy S8 Samsung Galaxy S8 Active Samsung Galaxy S8+ Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia XZ Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE Avid Trio ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord ZTE Concord II ZTE Cymbal Z-320 ZTE Cymbal-T ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE MAX XL ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Prestige 2 ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 6GB AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Unlimited AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited AT&T Unlimited Choice AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Plus AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile Unlimited Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $100 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $11 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $11 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $125 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $125 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $13 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $150 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $175 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $200 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $7 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 2GB Single Line Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Forward Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile ONE Plus International T-Mobile ONE Plus International No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Plus No Credit Check T-Mobile ONE Prepaid T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 2GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, 6GB Data Teltik Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data $50 TeltikOne Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TeltikOne Plus International Business Unlimited Talk, Text, Data TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Mobile Caring TPO Mobile Gentle TPO Mobile Hero TPO Mobile Infinity TPO Mobile Kind TPO Mobile Noble TPO Mobile North America TPO Mobile People's TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details Twigby 1000 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 200 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby 500 Minutes and Unlimited Texts Twigby Unlimited Talk and Text U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 300 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 5GB Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Unlimited Verizon Unlimited Prepaid Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB334MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB834MB900MB938MB2083MB1250MB1667MB3750MB6250MB7500MB8750MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Farewell from Marco! Marco Hanna 1 week 20 hours ago Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Tablet Review Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 19 hours ago 4 shares 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 3 1 Alcatel A30 vs BLU R1 HD: Best Budget Smartphones Under $100 Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 6 days ago 8 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 0 1 1 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Review: Bigger Is Not Necessarily Better Beau Hamilton 3 weeks 2 days ago 64 shares 59 0 0 0 0 0 1 3 1 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG Stylo 2 V 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Google Pixel XL 1 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × More People's Choice Latest Videos Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: One Year Later 10 shares 2 5 0 0 0 0 1 1 1 Android 7.0 Nougat on OnePlus 3T 12 shares 2 3 0 0 0 0 4 2 1 Best Tech of January 2017! 14 shares 10 1 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   Apple iPhone 7 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG Stylo 2 V Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel XL Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG X Style Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Google Pixel Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T offering $10 DirecTV Now LG X venture is a rugged Android AT&T Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S6 AT&T to begin deprioritizing I’m not angry that apps to prevent AT&T 5G Evolution service now Samsung Galaxy S8 hardware won Sprint News Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ Sprint planning for 5G rollout in Have you switched carriers to get Sprint Magic Box is an indoor Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest Sprint launches fifth Unlimited ZTE MAX XL packs 6-inch display T-Mobile News Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ T-Mobile will begin selling new 10 T-Mobile launching two iPhone T-Mobile Tuesdays celebrating one- Kyocera DuraForce Pro lands at T- T-Mobile Digits launching next T-Mobile tempting Verizon Verizon Wireless Verizon launching new prepaid Verizon offering free Google Home Moto Z2 Play official with thinner ASUS ZenFone AR will launch at Verizon LG Watch Sport has been Cell Phone Deals May 2017 Digest T-Mobile CEO says Verizon network PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Where to Ski Now Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book Apple Just Normalized Talking to Your House Tech Apple Just Normalized Talking to Your House by Erik Sofge More News The Sleeping Bag Re-Imagined: A Field Test of the ZenBivy Bed The Best Bike Helmets for Every Kind of Rider Everyday Carry — The 5 Multi-Tools that Can Do It All Bespoke Is Better: 15 Handmade Accessories You Can't Get Anywhere Else Upgrade to a Better Beer Fridge All Stories Apple has proven once again that it's still the most beautiful blowhard in electronics, showing up late to the party, and then dominating a discussion that's long underway. In this case, the company's new HomePod smart speaker blustered its way into a category that Amazon has struggled to define for over a year. Even if you didn't follow Apple's WWDC presentation as it happened on June 5, you probably heard about the company's entry into smart speakers. During last night’s prime-time breaking news coverage on CNN, for example, a capsule description of the HomePod — including a stat about its height (seven inches) — came marching across the ticker at the bottom of the screen. Imagine the gnashing of teeth at Amazon, whose Alexa voice-control platform has gradually educated consumers about the concept of commanding your home with your voice, and which only became a bona fide household name after a prolonged marketing blitz, including a speaking role on the most recent season of the buzzy TV series Mr. Robot. Now here comes Apple's version, enjoying the sort of free advertising that only Cupertino's products can. The HomePod itself is breaking news, despite the fact that it isn’t creating a new category, or even offering true breakthrough features like those of Amazon and Google’s smart speakers. Whether the HomePod can outperform its competition is an open question, and we look forward to throwing it into the growing battle royale of voice-controlled speakers. But even if it turns out to be a bust, the HomePod has already made an outsize impact on a category that needs all the help it can get. We're referring to the smart home, which is equal parts thrilling in its potential, and crushing in its past disappointments. MORE: Apple Fans Are Losing It Over These iPhone 8 Renderings If you’ve used smart-home gear, you know how dumb it often is. Individual products like Nest's thermostats and Schlage's smart locks have real utility, but they're fussy, isolated devices, usually requiring that you dive into a specific app to fully control each gadget. There have been attempts to centralize control of these various products, such as Wink's platform, but most still ask you to pull out a smartphone and tap through options to activate or program different gear. The smartphone-as-home-hub is an awkward, stop-gap solution that doesn't mesh well with large households (where kids, for example, aren't allowed to paw at their parents' phones). More importantly, fiddling with a smartphone doesn't deliver on the sci-fi premise of the smart home. Voice control, on the other hand, is sci-fi as hell. There are few tech experiences right now that are as satisfying as asking Alexa or Google (via its Google Home speaker) to dim the lights and lock the front door, and having those devices leap into action. Voice commands solve the biggest problem with smart home, which is its reliance on fractured, unwieldy interfaces. They democratize and simplify smart-home control, so no one is asking permission to use someone else’s phone, or fishing for one device in order to control another. They're a legitimate game-changer, opening the door to more kinds of gear, and scenarios that are universally appealing. Who wouldn't want to be able to shamble out of bed in the morning and order the entire house around — turning on the heat, starting the coffee brewing, getting weather and traffic updates — without squinting at a sequence of apps or on-screen menus? And as familiar as that sounds, voice control should enable classes of smart-home devices, and solutions that don’t yet exist, whose complexity is tucked away behind an interface that couldn’t be more intuitive. ALSO: How to Set Up a Voice-Controlled Smart Home That’s the case for smart-home voice control, and it's one that Amazon has been making ever since its Echo speaker debuted. But the HomePod, simply by existing, closes the loop that Amazon first opened. It normalizes the concept of voice commands for smart-home gear, as well as the notion that you don’t need a phone or tablet to control those products. (Its Siri-controlled interface will be compatible with Apple's HomeKit ecosystem.) That it's fashionably late to the category is actually an asset. The iPod, iPhone, and iPad all showed up long after earlier pioneers, and wound up defining — and expanding — the way we consume and control data. For the sake of smart-home tech, here’s hoping the HomePod's arrival is just as infuriating, and undeniable. More News The Sleeping Bag Re-Imagined: A Field Test of the ZenBivy Bed The Best Bike Helmets for Every Kind of Rider Everyday Carry — The 5 Multi-Tools that Can Do It All Bespoke Is Better: 15 Handmade Accessories You Can't Get Anywhere Else Upgrade to a Better Beer Fridge All Stories Want More? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest adventures, workouts, destinations, and more. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Men's Journal and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Al Gore Heats Up 1 Campari to Cardamaro, Ranking Amaro From... 2 A Couple Old White Dudes Think English Should... 3 From Workout to Hangout, Gym Shorts that Do... 4 Want Whiter Teeth? A Two-Minute Trick That... 5 A Cold-Brew Cocktail We Can Get Behind 6 Big Sur After the Big Slide: What Travelers... 7 3 Perfect Backpacks for Your Camera 8 © Men's Journal 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 113 Plus 1 on G+ 379 Share on Facebook 108 Share on Twitter Total Shares600 Editorials Pixel Pixel XL The Google Pixel is a notoriously hard phone to get a hold of. Persistent stock issues have plagued Google's first "in-house" handset from day one, and things really are little to no better six months after the launch event. Honestly, it's a bit embarrassing just how consistently incompetent Google seems to be at keeping a reasonable inventory of phones available for purchase. But setting that aside, as one of the Pixel's most ardent evangelists, I think there's something it's probably time for me to come clean on: Even if you could buy a Pixel today, I really think you shouldn't. The Pixel is a product with generation-one product issues. The Bluetooth performance is horrid. It's not waterproof. The bezels really are due for a shrink. I don't think the exterior coating on the black and blue variants is of a particularly high quality. The glass window gets scuffed up incredibly easily. The Snapdragon 821 is officially old news. And it doesn't support proper advanced network features across all four of the big US carriers. There are other flaws I could point to, and while none of them are too terrible, they do speak to the slightly-rushed development cycle this phone seems to have been subjected to. Sure, Google got some things astoundingly right: the performance, the camera, the larger software experience. In fact, I think the Pixel is easily the best Android smartphone ever for these strengths, at least if we're talking about me personally as a user (your mileage, obviously, may vary). But for all the great, smooth, fast, clean, pure, simple, natural, and various other adjective-members singing in the Pixel-praise cavalcade, this phone is not the one to buy right now. For starters, Google continues to ask what is an increasingly laughable amount of money for the model most of us want - the 128GB XL - at a staggering $870. Sure, Apple charges the same for an iPhone 7 Plus 128GB, but I'm under no illusion that this comparison in any way favors Google. The iPhone comes with Apple customer service (with actual stores), a longer software support period going forward, and runs no real risk of poor resale value. The Pixel? Google's online support is iffy at best, we know the phone will be unsupported by October 2018, and I have a strong feeling generation-one Pixel resale values will drop like a rock once the new phones are announced. And that really is why, if you haven't pulled the trigger on a Pixel yet, you should just wait. It's overpriced, under-supported, and competing phones like the Galaxy S8 offer a whole lot more technology for your money. The Galaxy S8+ is $20 less than a 128GB Pixel XL, and I would argue it is far and away the better smartphone value. That amazing display, brand-new Snapdragon 835 processor, jaw-dropping design and packaging, and the full support of all our American carriers' latest LTE advancements could each be a reason on its own to put the Galaxy S8 above Google's smartphone. Do I still prefer using the Pixel over the S8? Sure. But I wouldn't buy a 128GB Pixel XL over a Galaxy S8+ today. That would be, frankly, a bit silly. If Google was asking $670 and not $870, the discussion would probably change, but they aren't. You've got to pay full price, and there's no way I could recommend anyone do that. If you're still on the fence about the Pixel, let me try to push you over: wait for the next generation. I realize that this sort of thinking can devolve into a rationale that encourages you to never upgrade anything because something newer, faster, and better is constantly on the horizon. But in this case, I think it's a consideration that is worth weighing more seriously than usual. Many of the Pixel's biggest flaws relate to Google's inexperience producing a smartphone. Issues that only come up as you try to mass-produce and distribute a product with a real marketing campaign that creates real demand, and the phone gets into the hands of "real" users who aren't part of the now-derailed Nexus phone hypetrain. Inside Google, expectations were no doubt managed, realities realized, and priorities accordingly re-calibrated after this first launch. (Side note: if the Bluetooth performance on the next Pixel is as bad as the first one, I may scream, Google.) Meanwhile, the things that make the Pixel great aren't going anywhere. The next Pixel will be fast, it will take great photos, and it will offer a wonderfully unfettered Android experience. Those that make it less than great? Google is no doubt drilling down through the worst of them in order to ensure the Pixel 2 - or whatever it's called - won't make the same mistakes that the original did (waterproofing, please). And one of the primary reasons to try the Pixel in the first place - to be on the very bleeding edge - really only remains true from a software standpoint. Older phones like the Nexus 5X and 6P don't even let the Pixel have an advantage there, as they're on the same update track until around the time the next Pixel phones launch. If you absolutely need a smartphone soon and the Pixel is tempting you, ask yourself this: Can you deal with a Moto G5 Plus for six months if it means having a better Pixel down the road? While as a reviewer I have the admitted luxury of not needing to consider such things, were I in such a position, I'd have little in the way of a counterargument to offer. Sure, you'll take a resale hit on anything you buy now, but the Pixel is going to face a much, much steeper devaluation curve in that time than any budget phone. Buying a Pixel right now just doesn't make sense. I love my Pixel XL, but I'm officially done recommending the phone to friends and relatives. Instead, I'll tell them to wait, or to get the Galaxy S8 they were probably going to buy anyway. Tags editorial google pixel google pixel xl opinion pixel xl subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Get the international Galaxy S7 edge for $479.99 on B&H and eBay ... Next Story Samsung launches Galaxy S8 Bixby voice commands in Korea Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → swimfan2007 I'm not sure what you mean by the Bluetooth performance? What's wrong with it? I haven't really noticed issues on my 128 non XL. I still love my phone but I understand if someone was switching now, they should just wait for the new one. I probably will. Patruns The XL is too large for me. No wireless charging is a game stopper for me. $650+ is just too much to pay as I buy my phones outright for my wife and myself. We are still happily using our Nexus 5 phones until something of roughly the same dimensions with QI charging comes out that won't break the bank. Also, I want pure Android. Not interested in Touchwiz or any other skins. Rod So, I found another proud N5 owner! I'm in my third battery, nothing to complain about. YuCMi I skipped this generation, was too salty about Google's treatment of Nexus devices. If they make their next phone reasonably priced, then I'll consider it. Otherwise, Google can fuck off with their "premium" pricing. CW The OnePlus 3T is a great phone at a great price! Laura J. Sellers Hughes I bought my Google Pixel XL for the camera. I have not been disappointed! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c44fd1bc546c27c02f945b075e0388e076c62e0fd612b3c74442129a05446139.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c4618b9d22a1d44186f347c184038b3a833f38a1148cc4b91b95981303fa8b6b.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/465d23a781688e73e20a0737904c3880ee693ee06b5dd1779ae91d9799b0488b.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1f3d76182fdd59b34eda695d20943d03e71240b775f63106ef41809601a7cabf.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/66175dfb8d6503940dc945b8d865f4f8276c84f7f3abd0e0e46dc31136501275.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/f7fa8ed860bc28a3a3e377a7e74591e764bdec5795747c4a1afb93eaa44aa0b2.jpg Rod You shouldn't. It's the best camera in a smartphone currently. Even the S8 was left behind in image quality. Aj Wayans Nothing wrong with my Pixel, best phone I've ever had. Only has scratches because I've dropped it a few times Rod Impossible. Pixel is horrid, every single owner has an urge to throw it onto the nearest wall. WNDRKND I hear ya, but I got pixel for Christmas. And back then, there was no new Samsung phone. Personally, the optimization alone makes the phone worth it... Like, I've literally had no problems. Even the speaker issue, Bluetooth, whatever. My handset works perfect, even for a first generation device. Either way, I'll be waiting for pixel three and skipping pixel 2 this Christmas. Rod I think you're 4 months late. Lol WNDRKND Haha perhaps, but with nobody able to get one... I still feel 9 months early lmao! Rod First rule of the Pixel club: no one talks about the club Hussain Ahmadi Pixel is an indie phone, like indie films with limited screens and very much less public appeal, no matter how good it is it will always be just a side phone. The only true big sharks in the market are Samsung and Apple. Google is not able to compete with them erikz The main reason I wanted the Pixel was to get on Google Fi. ackthbbft I think there are still good reasons to go with the Pixel, even if it means waiting for gen 2. I went with the Pixel because I wanted to get on Project Fi and "pure" Android. As a former Samsung Galaxy S5 user (S2 before that), I got tired of both carrier-installed and OEM bloatware, plus I've been saving money on my plan. Tj Hariharan Frankly I'm considering an LG-G6... comes with assistant, near stock android from what I've been told and my little experience with in-store demo's...AND iirc: an SD Card. Rod Then, when Google drops Android 8, you'll infuriated asking LG where your OTA is. gparmar76 Google will charge the same price with Pixel 2. They have a proven track record with the Nexus phones... roseglace >The Bluetooth performance is horrid. so? bluetooth is not everything to everyone. in particular, i've used it on my pixel exactly once. a non-issue. > It's not waterproof. i'll remember not to take my phone into the shower. another non-issue. > The bezels really are due for a shrink. the bezels i can't see with the phone in its case? > I don't think the exterior coating on the black and blue variants is of a >particularly high quality. the coating i can't see with the phone in its case? > The glass window gets scuffed up incredibly easily. there's that case in the way again. darn. > And it doesn't support proper advanced network features across all four >of the big US carriers. such as? maybe i'd worry if i lived in the united states but i bought the phone for phone calls, SMS and wifi. are those 'advanced'? they work in canada. > the model most of us want - the 128GB XL is there a shred of evidence that 'most' of 'us' want it? if it was the exact same price as the 16GB version i'd want it. if it was even twenty bucks more? umm, probably not. i know it's labelled 'opinion' and everything, but could you try a _little_ harder not to sound like you're whining? John Pitkethly I got a Pixel in December and have none of the problems listed in this article. Jordan Bartholme Great article, thank you! thereasoner If fast updates and performance are your thing than it's never a bad time to buy a Pixel but if one must wait then I guess the Pixel 2 is not that far off. Don't care about stock Android performance and updates? Then there are more choices coming still besides Samsung. I personally am looking forward to the HTC U 11 in a couple of weeks time. geolemon Good points. Even still, the worst point is that it's a metal (stupid) and glass (downright silly) wannabe iPhone (including all the hardware limitations we all hate Apple for) to try to pull the "Apple demographic" stereotype as a customer - people who want a jewelry phone rather than a functional, practical tool. Sadly, few alternatives exist today, if you want high end specs. How far we've fallen in just a few years. Hopefully it's something to just ride out - high end phones that fit in front trouser pockets and have swappable batteries, sd cards, and the durability of polycarbonate replacing the impact vulnerability of metal will reappear. But certainly - the Pixel is one of the more vulgar offerings. Sad, because I was otherwise a satisfied customer on Google Fi. Mike Dealbreaker on the Pixel 2 could be whether or not Google include unlimited full resolution Photos & Video BackUp like they have with the Pixel 1. If they don't & just throw in something like the S8's increased 100K Play Music songs limit instead, we just might hold on to our Pixel XL 128 a little longer instead. Like all hardware, it's what you do with it that really matters, but without the software to achieve it with... You just pays your money & you takes your choice. Notpoliticalyet Mate 9 is my Pixel XL. Easy to get one and top end specs. I have had all the Nexus phones and passed up the Pixel. I may look at the 2nd generation but they need to fix their supply chain. No reason to wait long with all of the good competition out there. They also created hype with limited availability. Get it right Google. Kimwo Good read! I've HATED my Pixel from day one! I tried to fall in love with it but I haven't! My husband made me do an upgrade and of course it was when this dumb a*$ ph came out! I sent my Samsung GalaxyS5 in as was required for rebate to get the Pixel. The camera sucks butt, I don't know what all the hype was about! I thought I'd like the fact it has unlimited storage but how is that useful if you can't get a good quality photo!!!! I think Androids are way better, and easy to use. That's all I've had sense the iPhone 4! Wouldn't go back to an iPhone but would take it over a Pixel any day!!😝 Christopher Hopkins First off who ever made this post is just a glorified iPhone fan and downing the Google pixel I've had mine since launch and so have the 3 others on my account and all of us can say nothing has gone wrong with my pixel not once so get off your high horse and the back glass part of my phone is not scratched still and this is the same phone since launch same with my GF her brother and my best friend on my account Stanced Imports What a joke review I've had a Google pixel since January this phone is the best phone I've ever had, and I've had a iPhone 7😂 if you can't afford it that's not a reason to not buy it, that's a choice the consumer should make not a reflection on the phones performance 😁 I live in Canada so my Google pixel is about 1000$ and it's worth every penny Stanced Imports Also I find it's nice that the phones availability is scarce so I don't look at everyone and they all have the same phone. vitriolix "unsupported by October 2018" That's wrong, they will still get security patches until Oct 2019. Still too short, but let's not warp the facts MikeOxlong Nobody cares what Ruddock thinks. Sorry. Makikiguy Nexus 5 is my first smart phone and I ain't changing. Go overseas, three clicks and you are good to go. No sims, no overseas carriers, no nothing. Love it. Brandon I'm in a predicament. Google is giving my a full refund for my Nexus 6P ($550) because of the battery issues. I'd like to get a Pixel but I'm thinking I'll just get a burner phone to suffer with for the next few months while I wait for the new Pixels ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 111 queries | 0.326s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Subscribe About Contact Advertise BURN MEDIA Memeburn Tech-savvy insight and analysis Motorburn Because cars are gadgets Ventureburn Startup news for emerging markets Jobsburn Digital industry jobs for the anti 9 to 5! About Contact Advertise Subscribe WWDC 2017 News Reviews Mobile Applications Mobile Phones Tablets Games Videos Galleries MenuWWDC 2017 News Reviews Mobile -Applications -Mobile Phones -Tablets Games Videos Galleries Trending Update: PS4 gets performance buff, new icons with version 4.70 firmware Huawei P8 Lite 2017, P10 Lite, more to hit SA MTN catalogue reveals Nokia 3, Nokia 5 pricing New Nokia 3310 now available in SA, but is it worth the price? Huawei P10, P10 Plus launch in South Africa Samsung Galaxy S8 review: a great phone, but not Galaxy S7 great Exclusive: OnePlus 5 set for July launch in South Africa Gadget News / Apple HomePod vs Amazon Echo vs Google Home By Hadlee Simons on 6 June, 2017 Apple’s HomePod is the latest new addition to the company product lineup, being a smart speaker for the household. However, the company is far from the first to bring this tech to the market, with Amazon‘s Echo and Google‘s Home speakers also available. How does it compare then? Audio capabilities When it comes to sound, Apple is positioning the HomePod as an audio powerhouse, packing a “high excursion woofer” and custom amp pairing, as well as seven tweeters. Meanwhile, Amazon’s product page lists a 2.5-inch woofer and one 2-inch tweeter. A case of less is more? Probably not. Google merely lists a “high excursion speaker” in its Home gadget. As for voice recognition, all three speakers feature far-field technology, allowing users to conduct voice queries from across the room. Voice assistant It only makes sense for Apple to use the HomePod as a vehicle for Siri, using it for Apple Music commands as well as general voice queries. Want to start a timer or need to ask a simple trivia question? Siri can do this for you. It also delivers sports news, translations, traffic and weather alerts, while smart home integration is a no-brainer. There are a few apps that are integrated with Siri but it’s unclear if these will be available on the HomePod. Smart speakers use voice assistants to deliver the actual smarts, with Apple’s HomePod being no exception Amazon is powered by the Alexa assistant, delivering answers to your voice queries, traffic alerts, sports scores, nearby restaurants and all of that stuff. Then there’s the Amazon integration, reading out audiobooks from Audible, allowing you to order items with your voice and being compatible with Amazon Music. Meanwhile, the Google Assistant is used for Google Home, effectively being a souped-up version of Google Now. So that means most of its features are in here (for SA too), such as traffic alerts, answers to trivia, sport scores, flight alerts, translations, shopping lists, and more. Third party support Probably the biggest question surrounding the HomePod is its support for third-party apps and services. Apple didn’t touch on this at all… So those hoping for Google Play Music, Spotify and Uber support might be out of luck here. Meanwhile, Amazon’s Alexa has a Skills system, being its fancy term for third-party apps. The Echo allows you to request an Uber, order pizza and track fitness with compatible apps. In fact, the online retailer claims there are “thousands” of Skills available. And yes, third-party music streaming services are supported too. Google Assistant also has a fair amount of third-party apps and services (although it doesn’t seem quite as expansive as Amazon), such as Pandora, Uber, Spotify, Dominos and Google Calendar. The speaker also integrates with Google’s Chromecast, so you can interact with Netflix, YouTube and other visual services via your voice. Calling? Apple said nothing about VOIP calls and other forms of communication via the HomePod though. Amazon, on the other hand, allows you to call or message others with an Echo or Echo Dot speaker, or those with the Alexa app on their phone. Google used its recent I/O conference to announce that you can call any number in the USA and Canada for free via Google Home. This only applies to North America though. Multiple speaker support Apple has confirmed that those with money to burn can buy two HomePods and have them seamlessly connect to each other. This way, you can play the same music in different rooms or have a richer audio experience in one room. What about Amazon’s Echo then? “You cannot connect multiple Alexa devices to each other and play the same requested audio at the same time,” the retail colossus states on its website. Google allows you to chain Home speakers together, for that multi-room audio experience as well. Price The HomePod isn’t available until December in the USA, so that could definitely mean a 2018 launch for South Africa. As for pricing? Well, it costs a rather steep US$349. Amazon’s Echo isn’t officially available in SA either (it’s already available elsewhere though), but carries a US$180 price tag. Want a Google Home speaker? You’ll have to import it or use a parcel forwarding service, because they’re not available here. Still, with a US$129 price tag, it’s the cheapest of the lot. Author Bio Terrible puns make Hadlee Simons difficult to work with, but he brings over seven years of tech journalism experience to the table. When he's not at work or watching motorsport, he's in the foetal position on a jiu jitsu mat. More RELATED Amazon Echo Show: because voice commands aren’t enough? Wonder Wallet: a smart wallet with e-ink display exists This company is bringing the fitness tracker to wheelchair users Gallery Camera comparison: Huawei P10 Plus vs LG G6 vs Samsung Galaxy S8 Camera comparison: Lumia 950 vs Sony Xperia XZ rAge 2016: 31 photographs from this year’s expo ULED arrives: Hisense brings new TV tech to South Africa Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End looks simply stunning on the PlayStation 4 15 glamour shots of AG Mobile and Cassper Nyovest’s AG#HASHTAG [Gallery] Check out more picture galleries... The Gearburn Podcast Popular Latest | June 8, 2017 Update: PS4 gets performance buff, new icons with version 4.70 firmware | June 8, 2017 Huawei P8 Lite 2017, P10 Lite, more to hit SA | June 8, 2017 MTN catalogue reveals Nokia 3, Nokia 5 pricing | June 8, 2017 New Nokia 3310 now available in SA, but is it worth the price? | June 8, 2017 Huawei P10, P10 Plus launch in South Africa | June 8, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 review: a great phone, but not Galaxy S7 great | June 8, 2017 Exclusive: OnePlus 5 set for July launch in South Africa Hadlee Simons | June 8, 2017 Smartphone photography jargon: here’s what it all means [Tech-Savvy SA] Hadlee Simons | June 8, 2017 Monument Valley 2 and more: this week’s top mobile games Wiehahn Diederichs: Columnist | June 8, 2017 5 games we want to see at E3 2017 Burn Media Newsletter JobsBurn [ Post a job | More jobs ] Services Jobs Start-ups: Submit news Feeds RSS Email Twitter Facebook About us Gearburn is obsessed with shiny gadgets that make our lives easier and better. More about us here Copyright © Gearburn. All rights reserved. No article may be published or reproduced without prior written permission from Memeburn. More in Gadget News Amazon Echo Show: because voice commands aren't enough? Read More »
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Alert 59° Full Menu Alert 59° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE- This April 26, 2017, file photo shows a Google icon on a mobile phone in Philadelphia. Google is spearheading an educational campaign to teach pre-teen children how to protect themselves from scams, predators and other trouble. The program announced Tuesday, June 6, is called “Be Internet Aware.” Matt Rourke, File AP Photo FILE- This April 26, 2017, file photo shows a Google icon on a mobile phone in Philadelphia. Google is spearheading an educational campaign to teach pre-teen children how to protect themselves from scams, predators and other trouble. The program announced Tuesday, June 6, is called “Be Internet Aware.” Matt Rourke, File AP Photo National Business June 06, 2017 11:58 AM Google to teach school kids about online safety, etiquette The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. Google is spearheading an educational campaign to teach pre-teen children how to protect themselves from scams, predators and other trouble. The program announced Tuesday is called "Be Internet Awesome." Google coordinated the curriculum with several online safety groups, including the Family Online Safety Institute , the Internet Keep Safe Coalition and Connect Safely . The lessons are tailored for kids ranging from eight to 12 years old, a time when many of today's children are getting their own smartphones and other devices that connect to the internet. To make the experience more fun, Google and its partners developed a game called "Interland" to help teach children about the ins and outs of online safety. Google is encouraging teachers to use elements of its program in their classrooms, too. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:25 13 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 6.8 1:14 18 hours ago Community residents celebrate veterans at Veterans Golf Classic View More Video National Business Claims for US jobless benefits fall by 10,000 to 245,000 Sporty hijabs help Muslim girls keep up pace in athletics Grain higher, livestock higher Twisted Sister sues promoter over unpaid farewell show fee First tanker with US natural gas reaches Poland National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Could going GRAY combat phone addiction? Expert claims that enabling grayscale on your handset can help you kick the habit Ex-Google employee said to change smartphone display to grayscale Suggested this could help curb your smartphone addiction Colors evoke certain emotions and developers choose them to hook users Grayscale could make checking your device constantly less appealing By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 12:33 EDT, 6 June 2017 | Updated: 12:34 EDT, 6 June 2017 e-mail 20 shares 6 View comments The average American clicks, taps or swipes on their smartphone screen more than 2,600 times a day – and the heaviest users touch their device more than 5,400 times. The birth of the smartphone has sparked an addiction among many people, however, an ex-Google employee has revealed that going gray could help curb habit. By setting the screen of your handset to grayscale, users might not be so compelled to check their device - this is because certain colors used by apps, like red and bright blue, subconsciously make us excited to reach for our phones. Scroll down for videos  By setting the screen of your handset to grayscale, users might feel checking the device is less appealing - this is because some of the colors, like red and bright blue, subconsciously make us excited to reach for our phones HOW TO GO GRAY Tristan Harris, a former Google employee and ex-smartphone addict, had claimed he beat the habit by switching his colorful iPhone display to grayscale, as the dark shades made checking Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat and other social media sites less appealing. For iOS users, go to Settings > General > Accessibility >Display Accommodations >Color Filters. Switch Color Filters on and select Grayscale. And Android owners can access the feature in the ‘Accessibility menu’, LifeHacker reported.  The tip was shared by Tristan Harris, a former design ethicist at Google, who is now speaking out against the tech giants of the world and talking about how technology is designed to be addictive and hijack our attention. Harris, who was once a phone addict himself, had claimed he beat the habit by switching his colorful iPhone display to grayscale, as the dark shades made checking Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat and other social media sites less appealing. With a background in psychology, he understood that certain apps could 'trigger [a]whole set of sensations and thoughts,' he told The Atlantic.  With this in mind, Harris aimed to make his phone look minimalist and pulled inspiration from a Google experiment that curbed employees M&M snacking in the office by 'moving the candy from clear to opaque containers' - and he did the same by covering the apps in a shroud of gray.  To start your journey to recovery, iOS users go to Settings > General > Accessibility >Display Accommodations >Color Filters. Switch Color Filters on and select Grayscale. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next iPhone will soon have a 'Do not Disturb While Driving' mode... Will the iPhone 8 have a retina scanner? Fresh details of... Will the new Amazon smartphone be able to compete with... IBM and Samsung build one of the world's smallest computer... Share this article Share 20 shares And Android owners can access the feature in the ‘Accessibility menu’, LifeHacker reported.  By seeing nothing but gray could be a quick trick to leaving your phone on the table instead, as certain colors can evoke emotions – and it seems Silicon Valley knows how to use them. WHAT FEELINGS DO RED, GREEN AND BLUE PROVOKE?  Red: Passionate, Aggressive, Important As a dominating color, red adds gravity and heightened awareness – quite literally, as the color increases blood circulation, breathing rates, and metabolism.  Red can take on a variety of meaning, associated with both love and war, but the unifying factor in all meanings is a sense of importance.  Think of the red carpet. Red is a color best used cautiously. Its knack for attracting attention makes it a priceless tool for designers, but excessively it will inhibit relaxation.  Lighter shades emphasize the energetic aspects of red – including youthfulness – while darker shades emphasize power, and even durability, such as a brick wall.  Green: Natural, Stable, Prosperous  Green mostly represents the environment and outdoors, making it the clear choice to suggest nature and an organic quality.  As the bridge between stimulating warm colors and calming cool colors, it is the most balanced of colors, lending it an air of stability. It's also a popular choice as an accent or for calls-to-action because it stands out, but more softly than the warmer colors.  In Western Culture, it also represents money and financial safety.  Blue: Serene, Trustworthy, Inviting  Blue is one of the most popular colors in web design – and for good reason. Blue is the color of calm and serenity, and as such inspires security and a feeling of safety. For this reason, blue is a color often used by banks.  However the calming effects also make blue a friendly and inviting color, which explains its adoption by Facebook and Twitter. For example, red creates excitement, appears youthful and bold, which is the color chosen for notifications, and yellow is found to make us happy and optimistic - Snapchat's iconic logo is yellow. Then there is blue, a color used by Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn and other sites. This color makes things appear trustworthy, dependable and professional. And other than evoking emotions, research has shown that blue is the world’s most popular color.  By seeing nothing but gray could be a quick trick to leaving your phone on the table instead, as certain colors can evoke emotions – and it seems Silicon Valley knows how to use them  Harris recently gave an interview on CBS This Morning Show about how Silicon Valley hooks users to their phones with a reward system. ‘Phones are like a slot machine, as it operates on a reward system,’ Harris said in the interview ‘Sometimes you’re checking your phone, and you’re playing a slot machine, and you get a message from the person you love or an email to show up on the CBS This Morning Show it feels really good.' ADDICTED TO YOUR PHONE? THERE'S AN APP FOR THAT In a move that might seem counter-intuitive, a Berlin-based psychologist has developed an app to help wean us off our gadgets.  Called Offtime, it limits which apps can be used to avoid distractions, or prevents people from contacting you unless in an emergency.  It doesn’t limit connectivity permanently; instead, users can enable Offtime mode for any time when they need to focus, or at set times during the day. And there are various levels of customization.  For example, all calls, texts and notifications can be blocked during Offtime.  Alternatively, users can pre-select so-called VIP contacts that are never blocked, and can get hold of the phone owner even when Offtime is enabled. ‘Then sometimes you check your phone and there’s nothing there and the fact you sometimes get something and sometimes you don’t, is what makes it just like a slot machine.’ ‘It’s not necessarily bad, but do you want your phone to feel like a slot machine?’ ‘The main narrative to correct is that we have this belief that technology is neutral and it is always up to us to choose what we post on Facebook or how we use Snapchat or what we use our phone for.’ ‘What this misses is that there is an attention economy where companies need to maximize how much attention they are getting from you. 'And there is a whole playbook of techniques to do so and a slot machine is one thing you can sprinkle on a product in order to get people to use it’.    Read more: Addicted to Your iPhone? You’re Not Alone - The Atlantic Share or comment on this article e-mail 20 shares Most watched News videos Moment London Bridge attackers shot dead during frenzied stabbing Wife trying to divorce husband FAILS to get him to cheat on her Mean passenger makes Ryanair employee cry at Brussels Airport She's on a roll! Diane Abbott has yet ANOTHER car crash interview Teen girl mowed down by a train SURVIVES the impact in India Man attempts to break car door during road rage incident in Bradford London terrorists laugh & hug in secret meeting days before attack Dramatic moment police evacuate restaurant during London attack Little Diamonds nursery in Hermon Hill where the victim works Moments after ISIS attack parliament building in Tehran Dramatic moment gun shots were fired during London Bridge attack Donald Trump wishes James Comey ‘Luck’ on his testimony Paris pollution victim sues France for making her... Don't look down! Daredevil sets a new record in tense... Polly wants a molar! Father ties his son's loose tooth to... Woman, 20, is killed by a crocodile while taking part in... Holy cow! Brave man wades waist-deep into sewage-filled... Tiny 'green beads' could end plastic poison peril: Team... Shocking moment 'mother and daughter' throw stones at a... Why boys don't read books for girls, by children's... Dramatic footage shows the moment rafters rescue a man... Russia's remarkable kaleidoscope 'glass beach', created... Paris pollution victim sues France for making her... He better not fidget! Daredevil puts a fidget spinner on... Don't look down! Daredevil sets a new record in tense... A cathedral, a cinema, a Boeing jet and even one with its... Pathway to Heaven? Families are comforted by... Billionaire Spurs owner's new multi-million pound... 2,000 football fans run and scream in fear after firework... Close encounters of a blurred kind! UFO hunters ZOOM in... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 6 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read The fossils that rewrite human history: 300,000-year-old bones found in Morocco reveal Homo Sapiens evolved... Einstein was right! Scientists prove his 100-year-old theory by WEIGHING a distant star using gravity Elon Musk gives a sneak peek of Tesla's 'Model Y' SUV and self driving truck The Milky Way exists in a giant hole of the universe that may have helped life on Earth to develop The news article that predicted the devastating impact of fossil fuels on climate change and warned the... Girls preyed on by 'sextortion' internet gangs: Expert warns growing number are being targeted by bogus... A nice brew is the greatest invention ever (oh, and the wheel too!) Teabags appear in top ten list alongside... 'Is Theresa May related to Brian May?': Google Trends captures what Brits are asking online as they head to... Scientists create the world's first 2D MAGNET that is just one atom thick: Incredible device could lead to... The AI that warns you if you are being 'catfished': Software can spot fake online profiles with more than... Should we create robots that have SELF-DOUBT? Shy droids that are hardwired to need constant human... Samsung could accelerate plans for the Galaxy Note 8 in a bid to beat Apple's iPhone 8 to market Friendships are more important than family and can boost our health and happiness as we age London to Edinburgh in 50 minutes: Hyperloop One reveals the nine shortlisted European routes for Elon... Pioneering 3D imaging techniques reveal hidden teeth of a dinosaur first discovered over 200 YEARS ago MORE HEADLINES Samsung could accelerate plans for the Galaxy Note 8 in a bid to beat Apple's iPhone 8 to market The fossils that rewrite human history: 300,000-year-old bones found in Morocco reveal Homo Sapiens evolved across Africa 100,000 years EARLIER than thought Another blow for Kodi: Phoenix, one of the most popular add-ons for the streaming software, shuts down following a crack down on illegal content The Milky Way exists in a giant hole of the universe that may have helped life on Earth to develop Be careful what you Snap: Apple's iOS 11 lets users capture shared photos and videos on Snapchat without anyone knowing Elon Musk gives a sneak peek of Tesla's 'Model Y' SUV and self driving truck The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Nasa releases terrifying animation from its asteroid-hunting probe that pinpoints the space rocks that could hit our planet and wipe out humanity as scientists warn the threat has INCREASED Einstein was right! Scientists prove his 100-year-old theory by WEIGHING a distant star using gravity Is the first human to set foot on Mars in NASA's latest astronaut class? 12 new recruits revealed who will train for deep space missions Do YOU have the 'mind reading' gene? Scientists discover women are more likely to have it and are better able to understand a person's thoughts just by looking at their eyes - so how well would you score in a test?  The shape changing robot furniture that can transform your apartment at the touch of a button  Lake Erie inches away from its highest ever level after massive surge Walmart reveals automated pickup kiosks to take on Amazon's grocery delivery service The American bug ravaging Italy's olive oil industry: Bacteria causes trees to wither and die - and there's no cure MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'I went home and I threw a rock through a glass door': Nicole Kidman reveals rage she took home after filming one of TV's most shocking sex scenes The world's her catwalk! Lily-Rose Depp, 18, steps out in low-cut chemise and ripped jeans as Chanel muse goes shopping in Hollywood Leggy Hailey Baldwin borrows from the Nineties in barely-there slip dress paired with hot pink shirt as she parties with beau Cameron Dallas Stunning wife of Chicago Cubs baseball star Addison Russell accuses him of cheating on her on Instagram  The couple wed last June and have two kids Alex Rodriguez NEVER cheated on J. Lo and former mistress revealed details of her sex romps with slugger in hopes of getting money, claims insider 'They were super into each other:' Bethenny Frankel sets tongues wagging as she is spotted 'laughing and holding hands' with mystery man in NYC  'Welcome to the world our sweet Georgia Grace!': Flipping Out star Jenni Pulos, 44, welcomes second child with Dr Jonathan Nassos Just like Tony Stark! Iron Man star Robert Downey Jr purchases Malibu mansion for $3.5 million (robot butler not included) 3 beds and 1.3 acres 'She can really sing!' Leaked version of Britney Spears' Toxic without auto-tune wows listeners, who say the 'flawless' song is even BETTER than original 'He certainly married up': George Clooney's dad sheds light on his union with Amal... as he reveals he will be 'hands-on with nappy duty' to new-born twins Kylie Jenner shows off her very pert posterior in a tiny gray mini dress as she and beau Travis Scott try to stay dry on a rainy day in Miami The pair hit South Beach Makeup-free Jennifer Lawrence cuts a casual figure as she sports denim jacket and works her trademark locks into messy 'do in New York Natural beauty Plus-size models such as size 16 Ashley Graham are officially good for our mental health by boosting our self-esteem claim university researchers Toned Vanessa Hudgens showcases incredible ripped abs in black crop top as she grabs coffee after Pilates class in Los Angeles Former Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli reveals healthier figure in Paris a year after fans feared for her health following dramatic weight loss Fox cancels 24: Legacy after just a single season... but wants to reboot it as an anthology Eric Carter has been fired after a single day on the job Frail Phil Collins, 66, 'rushed to hospital after dramatic fall in hotel... forcing him to cancel London shows' Thought to require surgery on his head  Stunning British royal Lady Amelia Windsor is flawless in a black dress layered over a white blouse at a star-studded event in London Reunited at last! Melania and Barron are moving into the White House NEXT WEEK as the Trump family finally settles Washington DC Been living in NYC  'We are so blessed': Carrie Underwood is most awarded act in history of CMTs as she picks up 17th trophy in Nashville Triumphant night Stella Maxwell shows off her incredible abs in bright crop top and low slung pants as she arrives at LAX Victoria's Secret model is dating Kristen Stewart 'Ready to see me in my birthday suit?' Carole Radziwill adorns art gallery walls in nude paintings on RHONY Posed au naturel for an English painter 'Defiant Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris for the first time following devastating Manchester terror attack Dennis Quaid, 63, puts on a besotted display with leggy girlfriend Santa Auzina, 31, as they enjoy romantic dinner date night in Santa Monica Busty Mariah Carey puts on a smoking-hot display in plunging black catsuit on Beverly Hills shopping spree... but exposes thong in wardrobe malfunction Designer duds! Kourtney Kardashian shows off taut stomach in black hoodie and tracksuit bottom as she runs errands in LA Looking good That's a cute date! Scott Disick carries sweet daughter Penelope after casual sushi lunch together in Calabasas Carried the four-year-old Elegant Huma arrives at the Stephan Weiss Apple Awards to support longtime boss Hillary Clinton as she receives top honor Arrived separately 'I miss you so very much': Terri Irwin shares emotional tribute to 'soulmate' Steve Irwin on what would have been their 25th wedding anniversary She looks ready to pop! Formula One motor racing star Nico Rosberg's wife Vivian shows her baby bump as family hits the beach ahead of birth 'I'm the One Nut Wonder': Tarek El Moussa reveals he has testicle implant due to cancer... and insists he KNEW about wife's fling with contractor 'Learning to code with Arabella tonight!' Ivanka joins in with her daughter's homework after hailing girls as next generation of leaders at the White House Wherefore art thou Romeo? Nina Agdal shows ex Leonardo DiCaprio what he's missing by posting lingerie shot online Posed on a bed PICTURED: Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez jet out of Miami together amid claim he cheated on her and extortion attempt About to jet off Booze looking at you, kid! Wide-eyed Simon Cowell appears very worse for wear as he leaves Midsummer Ball with a bottle of beer in his hand Prince Charles' wife Camilla pretends to knight a farmer with a LEEK and gets to grips with a giant stick insect on an eventful visit to the South of England Show Braless British singer Ellie Goulding is branded 'narcissistic' after she poses in a very racy top to persuade fans to be politically engaged as the UK goes to polls 'I use dance to clear my mind': Chloe Lattanzi flaunts her tiny waist and ample bust in new snap... after announcing she was quitting social media 'for a while' Country queen! Carrie Underwood flaunts her legs in glittering look at CMT Music Awards She highlighted her legs in a silver sequined top with a textured mini His good luck charm! Nicole Kidman snuggles up to country star husband Keith Urban...as she drops jaws in lacy black frock at CMT Music Awards Her biggest fan! Kelsea Ballerini passionately locks lips with fiance Morgan Evans as she rocks revealing white gown at CMT Awards Handsome other half Anwar Hadid, 17, and pretty Transformers actress girlfriend Nicola Peltz, 22, cozy up during romantic day out shopping in Beverly Hills Gigi and Bella's brother Lady Gaga shows off her fiery tresses and glimpse of slender midriff as she films scenes for new flick A Star Is Born Radiant redhead Bumping along nicely: Laura Prepon shows off pregnant belly with fiance Ben Foster at The Hero premiere She looked ready to pop as she hit the premiere 'Moment you realize you are dancing alone!' Victoria Beckham bursts into laughter as she films hairdresser pal Ken Paves showing off his moves Kim Zolciak has one more beach day with family on last day of Turks and Caicos getaway...as daughter Brielle jet skis in her bikini Leo DiCaprio meets with Mexican president to save vaquita porpoise - which could go extinct NEXT YEAR because there are only 30 left Vowed to try to save them Lending a hand! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in flannel as she steps out with three-month-old daughter Amalia and mom Shelley Three generations  'Missing my baby': Amber Heard bemoans separation from dog as she films Aquaman in Australia ... after the pooch was BANNED from the country in 2015 If you've got it! Christie Brinkley puts toned legs on maximal display in sexy black romper as she attends awards show in New York Stunning at 63 Mel B's 'cash-strapped' ex Stephen Belafonte is 'forced to wait for spousal support hearing... despite being HOMELESS and racking up $60,000 in debts' Mandy Moore stuns in off-the-shoulder blue gown to support her NBC show This Is Us She looked gorgeous in an off-the-shoulder sapphire gown Pretty in purple! Jada Pinkett Smith stuns in body hugging purple gown at the CMT Music Awards in Nashville The Girls Trip star made a solo trip to the awards Billy Ray Cyrus escorts his bedazzled bratop-clad daughter Brandi to CMT Music Awards in their native Nashville Cute couple 'She helps me so much': Keith Urban leads winners at CMT Music Awards with four gongs as he pays tribute to doting wife Nicole Kidman That's love! Actress Clare Bowen flaunts ample cleavage as she packs on the PDA with fiance Brandon Robert Young at the CMT Music Awards Parents-to-be! Country star Thomas Rhett rubs pregnant wife Lauren's bump as she dazzles in an emerald satin gown at CMT Awards Gorgeous in green  'At school, nobody knew Rebel Wilson': Star accused of 'lying about her age, childhood and name in Hollywood so she would appear to be in her 20s' 'There is no future!' Brad Pitt delivers bleak weather report as he satirizes President Trump's stance on climate change in comedic skit The gloves are OFF! Sweaty David Beckham leaves the gym after an energetic boxing session as he displays his tattoos under fitted T-shirt 'Actors are NOT machines': Reese Witherspoon nearly 'lost her mind' during Big Little Lies shoot... and says she regrets working when pregnant What a tease! Justin Bieber has Victoria's Secret models including Elsa Hosk and Jasmine Tookes preview his new single 2U in racy Instagram videos 'I don't have many friends': Jared Leto says he counts Leonardo DiCaprio among his only pals... as he reveals why he doesn't want to become a father Surprise! Gotham stars Morena Baccarin and Ben McKenzie get married... 14 months after birth of baby daughter Frances Become man and wife Staying active! Lauren Conrad explains how she remains fit and healthy during pregnancy... just days after revealing she's expecting a boy A heavenly vision! Petra Nemcova stuns in halter neck red gown with peek-a-boo bodice and thigh-high slit at charity gala in NYC Czech model What a yummy Mummy! Sofia Boutella dazzles in glamorous dress at promotion for monster movie in New York Shimmering star  Jimmy Fallon reveals Prince once broke a guitar belonging to house band The Roots' guitarist Kirk Douglas on his show Oops Katharine McPhee feeds co-star Kurt Teixeira fries on the set of Lifetime's The Lost Wife of Robert Durst They indulged in fast food together They're getting too old for this! Mel Gibson reunites with partner Danny Glover at tribute event for Lethal Weapon director Richard Donner Classic film double act Rachel Bilson highlights her legs in flared leather skirt and billowing patterned blouse for CMT Music Awards Legs eleven  Lady in red! Katherine Heigl stuns in full-length scarlet chiffon at CMT Awards in Nashville The actress's dress featured a plunging neckline and a full skirt Yeehaw baby! Jason Aldean's pregnant wife Brittany wears fringe frock at CMT Awards after announcing they're having a boy Walked the red carpet How to Get Away with Murder co-stars Charlie Weber and Liza Weil have been 'secretly dating for a year' How to get away with dating your co-star From marriage woes to Golden Globes: The highs and lows of Nicole Kidman as actress proclaims 'she's had the best year of her life' ahead of 50th birthday 'I don't give a s*** about them': Farrah Abraham claims she sent Teen Mom OG co-star Amber Portwood and her fiancé a cease and desist letter Luann D'Agostino takes a tumble during Real Housewives Of New York trailer...as they head to Mexico for skinny dipping and alcohol Twinkle, twinkle! Margot Robbie flaunts her trim pins in a star print frock during sunny California lunch outing Looked effortlessly stylish 'An inspiration to millions': John Travolta sends love to Grease co-star Olivia Newton-John after cancer news Her cancer has returned 'Tom's Cruise on river Thames Corden!' Presenter James joins actor in Top Gun costume during London boat trip for hilarious Late Late Show skit A look to dye for! Riley Keough stuns thanks to flowing red curls as she heads out for coffee in New York Turning heads for the right reasons Going hell for leather! Hailey Baldwin looks edgy in studded biker jacket as she touches down in Los Angeles The 20-year-old rocked a leather biker jacket 'I'm the youngest 61-year-old I know!': Bob Saget on how finding love with blogger Kelly Rizzo, 38, has given him a new lust for life  Blossoming romance 'I figured if I was to go down in flames, I would go down swinging!': John Cena describes moment he proposed to in front of MILLIONS of WrestleMania fans Yes, captain! Ronda Rousey gets fired up in new role as a coach on Battle Of The Network Stars Taking her new role very seriously  Curve appeal! Make-up free Amber Rose shows off her incredible figure as she jumps into her Rolls Royce in Beverly Hills Decked out in activewear Mod about style! Lily Collins stuns in long-sleeved mini and platform brogues at Stella McCartney presentation Encapsulated mod style Alec Baldwin looks dapper as Hilaria takes the plunge in low-cut gown for Stella McCartney presentation The power couple led the attendees Cinderella moment! Hilary Duff looks ready for the ball in dramatic gown while filming Younger Seen filming her show Younger in NYC Purrr-fect addition! Big Bang Theory's Mayim Bialik adopts special needs kitten and fittingly names her Adamantium She has added to her feline brood Hugh Jackman, 48, and Deborra Lee- Furness, 61, cut a dapper figure at the Apple Awards in New York after celebrating 21 years of marriage I wish I had bulimia like Princess Diana, says Fergie: Duchess of York makes startling admission in interview about overcoming food addiction  Busy Philipps flaunts 'millennial pink' hair while lunching with Girls co-creator Jenni Konner in WeHo Formerly blonde Freaks and Geeks alum 'She's a lot of fun!': Renee Zellweger reveals she 'selfishly' hopes to reprise her role as Bridget Jones in another film For a fourth time He stole Clint's girl, romped with Gilligan's Island star Tina Louise and yukked it up with Obama: He's The Most Interesting Man in the World and he's telling all No royal wave? Prince Harry jets out of Sydney after a whirlwind two-day visit to promote next year's Invictus Games in Australia Wet and windy weather  Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown pairs sweats with studded Birkenstocks at LAX The 13-year-old paired her sandals with an Ivy Park hoodie So thirsty! Kim knocks back tequila shots while prancing around in thong bikini to plug liquor brand (despite saying she 'hates' the taste of alcohol)  Olympic gymnast Aly Raisman hits out at body shamers while proudly posing in a low-cut swimsuit, as she insists NO ONE should be told how to dress 'What if I can't get pregnant?' Khloe Kardashian, 32, panics after visit to fertility doctor on KUWTK She said she wants kids with beau Tristan Jessica Simpson SLAMMED for posting photo of daughter, five, in a bikini... comes one month after she shared image of child in mermaid outfit A couple that dresses together, stays together? As Selena Gomez and The Weeknd  wear matching getups, FEMAIL gets scoop on outfit coordination Showing Aaron what he's missing? Olivia Munn puts on eye-popping display in nude lace-up bralette and high-waisted pants in New York City That's one Ella-of-a comedown: Scott Disick's former flame Ross trades in her Hollywood lifestyle for night with UK Z-listers at phone app launch 'Khloe was toxic, he was addicted to the fame and I was bullied over their marriage': Lamar Odom's daughter speaks out for first time since his drug overdose  Radiant Reese Witherspoon glows as she steps out with a purse and top from her own line Draper James Wearing a summery chic ensemble MTV's Road Rules star Danny Dias, 33, found dead in his apartment after suspected drug overdose two days after friend saw him 'freaking out' Sir Elton John, 70, is on top form after 'life-threatening' bacterial infection... as he announces 27 NEW dates to his Las Vegas residency 'Grateful to be back': Ariana Grande resumes her Dangerous Woman world tour in Paris amid heightened security after Manchester attack Intense security Kylie Jenner reports for bikini duty! Reality star poses in camo swimsuit to model new army inspired collection The 19-year-old reality stripped off One has finally dried out! Prince Harry's all smiles as he meets Invictus Games swimmers in Sydney after his first day was blighted by rain  'A messy and muddled product': The Mummy panned in early reviews... with one critic calling it 'the worst movie Tom Cruise has ever made' How to get a body like Khloe: The Kardashian's nutritionist reveals she eats SEVEN meals a day and why the star doesn't drink juice She looks amazing Keeping Up With Kourtney! Ms Kardashian flaunts killer abs and hangs with Kim's bestie Jonathan Cheban... as she keeps ignoring Scott Going Beck to bed, Victoria? Busy Beckham displays her fashion fatigue in a blue pajama set after a non-stop week in New York City Comfortable outfit 'I feel sad she feels the need to expose herself': Ariel Winter's estranged mom criticizes the star adding she needs to 'grow up' and 'dress properly' Andrea Constand's mother tells court Bill Cosby offered to pay for her daughter's tuition in recorded phone calls - after he 'admitted to penetrating her' Starting as he means to go on? Disheveled Simon Cowell puffs on a cigarette as he arrives at Midsummer Ball event with girlfriend Lauren Silverman on his arm 'I don't socialize': The Handmaid's Tale star Elisabeth Moss talks having 'three friends' as she addresses the sadness of Hillary Clinton's loss So nice she did it twice! Gayle King wears $1,300 dress backwards AGAIN on CBS, one year after she made the fashion faux pas the first time Alex Rodriguez cheats on J. Lo and is not sexually attracted to her alleges self-proclaimed mistress, who claims baseball star likes rough sex and threesomes  Leading lady Rachel Weisz dazzles in a glittering tulle gown as she parades the star-studded red carpet at the My Cousin Rachel premiere in London Great Expectations star Holliday Grainger goes braless beneath saucy mesh midi as she parades the carpet at My Cousin Rachel premiere in London After George and Amal Clooney welcome twins Alexander and Ella, FEMAIL rounds up the best new beauty products for moms and infants First transgender model to appear on the cover of Vogue Paris urges others in the industry to embrace diversity Historic moment 'So inspiring!' Rihanna shows caring side as she teaches impoverished students math in Malawi The Diamonds hitmaker took to Instagram  Suki Waterhouse is reunited with rumored boyfriend Diego Luna as they step out in NYC... following her glamorous appearance at the CFDA Fashion Awards A mini Kanye West! Kim Kardashian shares new photo of son Saint... just before the rapper's 40th birthday Toddle is now 18 months old Needling for hints! Game Of Thrones plot spoilers revealed by eagle-eyed fans after behind-the-scenes video emerges from season seven Beach babe! FEMAIL reveals the items you need to have a stylish day of fun in the sun inspired by Kendall Jenner, Izabel Goulart, and more Just kidding! Now Ryan Lochte now insists he was NEVER suicidal - less than 24 hours after he said he was 'about to hang up my entire life' after the Rio scandal 'If you piss off a woman, she will scare you way more than a man': The Mummy's Sofia Boutella reveals what it's like playing a 'terrifying' female Back to brunette! Lady Gaga sports brown hair on the set of Bradley Cooper's film A Star Is Born ... after brief go at blazing orange locks Another change of look Katherine Webb films toddle Tripp throwing toy balls, revealing she and NFL star hubby AJ McCarron have been debating whether he'll be a 'lefty' or a 'righty'  'They have George's nose': Proud grandpa Nick Clooney reveals how George and Amal introduced him to their 'gorgeous' twins on Skype hours after birth Salma Hayek looks stylish in black and white as she cozies up to Connie Britton and John Lithgow while promoting comedy Beatriz At Dinner Baby news! Florida Georgia Line singer Tyler Hubbard and his wife Hayley are expecting their first child together Married  two years Downton Abbey star Laura Carmichael is the picture of elegance in sophisticated blue midi dress at the Royal Academy Summer bash in London 'He's the bride!': Kate Mara says fiance Jamie Bell is doing the wedding planning as she puts on busty display in LBD on Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon House of Cards star is back in D.C. to haunt the REAL president: Kate Mara leads protest over missing animal welfare records at Department of Agriculture 'We're so excited for summer!' Ivanka Trump flashes a big smile as she steps out in a floral frock to take her three-year-old son Joseph to his last day of school Makeup-free Lea Michele touches down in Toronto as she prepares to promote sitcom The Mayor Wearing cropped jeans and a white tank Tom Cruise hints there could be a volleyball scene in the new Top Gun: Maverick movie after Val Kilmer pushes to be cast again as Iceman She loves her double denim! Jessica Biel shows off her slender legs in skintight ripped jeans while grocery shopping in New York City Rupert Murdoch, 86, and Jerry Hall, 60, put on a loved-up display in matching power suits as they arrive at the Royal Academy Of Arts Summer Exhibition FIRST LOOK: Emily Blunt poses in costume as Mary Poppins for EW cover celebrating long-awaited sequel Role made famous by Julie Andrews Alex Rodriguez's ex 'demands $600k or she will release private text messages from star'... but A-Rod 'insists he won't pay and has full support of J.Lo' Braless Selena Gomez suffers a double wardrobe malfunction in translucent black dress during dinner date with The Weeknd in New York City LeAnn Rimes wears tiny Daisy Dukes to put on show of unity with Eddie Cibrian after his ex wife Brandi Glanville predicts the couple will have ugly breakup Girl time! Olivia Munn shakes off heartbreak of Aaron Rodgers breakup as she hugs long-time pal Julianne Moore in New York City Fun day out for pair  The Walking Dead revealed as the biggest TV show on social media with over 2 MILLION mentions per episode Crazy for zombies Victoria Beckham is a dream in tangerine as she teams a loose blouse with a coordinating orange midi skirt for New York City outing Bill Maher's ex Coco Johnsen suggests he may have used N-word with her, but DENIES he's a racist and says he made 'n*****' comment to shock Stopping traffic! Stunning Salma Hayek stands out in figure-hugging orange skirt as she promotes her movie Beatriz At Dinner in New York City 'It is not the 1800s!' Kate Beckinsale shuts down man who told her to 'go home and take care of your kids' after she posted a fun video of herself partying Katy Perry reveals how she was turned into a tasty delight in behind the scenes look at her new Bon Appétit music video Singer stripped off 'He was actually really cool about it... surprisingly':  Ed Sheeran admits he 'cracked' Justin Bieber in the FACE with a golf club after drunken dare Bikini-clad Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, shows off her lithe physique in scanty snakeskin two-piece as she soaks up the sun in Palm Springs  The Handmaid's Tale once again sends shockwaves with appalling orgy scene... after viewers were left 'horrified' at previous episodes EXCLUSIVE: Shaken not stirred! Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves does his best impression of James Bond star Daniel Craig as he flaunts his fake abs in tiny speedos EXCLUSIVE: Don't blame me! Demi Moore blasts wrongful death lawsuit over 21-year-old man who drowned in her pool, claiming it was HIS own negligence  Makeup-free Felicity Jones dresses down as she steps out for designer shopping spree... hours after revealing her dazzling engagement ring Her fan-tasy woman! Brilliant in blue Camila Alves is wafted down by hostess Reese Witherspoon as they relax at fashion party in Beverly Hills That's his princess! Proud papa Chris Brown brings three-year-old daughter Royalty to premiere of his new biopic Welcome To My Life in Los Angeles  'Feeling good!': Olivia Newton-John shares update after return of breast cancer as husband adds 'she'll be a wonderful success story' 'I don't wake up like this!' Rachel Weisz claims she is NOT a natural beauty as she discusses her marriage to James Bond star Daniel Craig Bombshell in black! l Kate Upton models casual look as she stops to take a photo with an eager fan at LAX airport Skintight black jeans  Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert and her girlfriend hold a commitment ceremony almost one year after she divorced her husband Sophie Turner shows off her slim figure in an all-black look as she steps out for lunch with beau Joe Jonas in West Hollywood Dating seven months 'Sometimes you have to meet up on the other side of the world': Ruby Rose and Jess Origliasso continue to flaunt their blossoming romance in London 'We're getting seven hours a night!' Liam Payne reveals Cheryl has son Bear in sleeping pattern at just 11 WEEKS... before taking swipe at Zayn Malik  The bromance lives on! Barack Obama squeezes in time to enjoy a private dinner with young pretender  Justin Trudeau during his Montreal visit It's a BOYS: Jaime Pressly reveals that she and boyfriend Hamzi Hijazi are expecting twins this fall  The 39-year-old actress also has son, 10, by ex Gordon Ramsay's father-in-law jailed for six months after Hell's Kitchen star's emails were hacked in a bid to 'air chef's dirty linen in public' following feud Beach bum! Blanca Blanco shows off her derriere in teensy bikini as she grabs a surfboard for seaside photoshoot Rocked a tiny bikini Princess Beatrice looks glamorous in a silver skirt for her first night out since returning to New York after her ex-boyfriend Dave Clark became engaged  She's her mini me! Reese Witherspoon and daughter Ava, 17, wow in patterned dresses for NET-A-PORTER X Draper James event Lookalike daughter Laughing it off! Kim and Kourtney Kardashian collapse into a fit of giggles after filming in LA... after disowning Caitlyn Jenner on KUWTK Activewear flair! Makeup-free Jessica Gomes dresses up her gym gear with a Yves Saint Laurent handbag as she steps out in Beverly Hills 'So proud': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend support daughter Luna, 14 months, as she throws out first pitch at Seattle Mariners game Held tight by her father Solemn Prince William visits Flanders in Belgium to pay tribute to Irish unionist and nationalist soldiers who fought side-by-side in World War One EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton's new flame revealed! Meet fashion model James Abercrombie who is heir to a whopping $430m fortune  No wonder they're shredded! Chelsea Clinton sticks with her favorite pair of frayed nude heels AGAIN as she steps out in New York for awards dinner Caitlyn Jenner looks downcast as she steps out in Malibu amid claims relationship with Kendall and Kylie has become 'very strained' Been a rough few weeks Scott who? A very happy Bella Thorne twerks in the street as she picks up some lunch with her sister Dani in LA... after Disick romance turned sour She's a knockout! Demi Lovato shows off gym-toned body while wearing boxing handwraps on set of Kate Hudson's Fabletics advertisement Winnie Harlow takes the plunge in feathered gown before breaking down in emotional speech... as Jourdan Dunn flashes underwear at Glamour Awards ABS-olutely fabulous! Kylie Jenner flaunts midriff in tiny crop top as she enjoys dinner date with Travis Scott at Miami chicken restaurant Jennifer Garner flaunts her svelte figure and slender legs in kooky pastel pineapple print midi dress at fashion launch in Los Angeles She looked great Save Tonka! The Good Wife star Alan Cumming fights back against 'filthy' animal facility in Missouri with a new petition to free ex chimp co-star Va va voom! Christie Brinkley flashes cleavage in sassy LBD as she leads the stars at Nightcap premiere Youthful beauty 63, continues to drop jaws  'We found each other': Simon Cowell shows his softer side on America's Got Talent as he cuddles a furry cat and hits Golden Buzzer for a deaf singer  From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is this the ultimate party speaker? MailOnline puts Sony's XB40 to the test Sony SRS-XB40 has a built-in multi-coloured line light, speaker lights and a flashing strobe. It features 24 hours of battery life and claims to be a 'mini-disco on the move'. But does it live up to the claim? Samsung's Galaxy S8: A hefty price tag and a dumb personal assistant Samsung's new Galaxy S8 phone is stunning, but its $100 price hike is hard to swallow. Overall the S8 is for those who want elegance - and are willing to pay for it. Affordable, robust and surprisingly responsive: Samsung's Galaxy A5 With the eagerly awaited Galaxy S8 having been pushed back, South Korea-based Samsung has plugged the gap with the Samsung Galaxy A5, a high-end device with a mid-range price tag. Is it really worth paying £280 for Nintendo's Switch? MailOnline's verdict While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Bats have a 'superbrain' that allows them to process sound in just 30 milliseconds 10 comments 1 video Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Technology & Science CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Technology & Science Quirks & Quarks Blog Spark Photo Galleries Analysis Behind Apple's magical future, a vision built on borrowed ideas As always, from its HomePod to augmented reality, Apple's best ideas build on what its competitors did first By Matthew Braga, CBC News Posted: Jun 06, 2017 11:57 AM ET Last Updated: Jun 06, 2017 1:58 PM ET A new MacBook is demonstrated at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference Monday in San Jose , Calif. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press) About The Author Matthew Braga Senior Technology Reporter Matthew Braga is the senior technology reporter for CBC News. He was previously the Canadian editor of Motherboard, Vice Media's science and technology website, and a business and technology reporter for the Financial Post. Email: matthew.braga@cbc.ca @mattbraga SecureDrop (to contact CBC anonymously) PGP Key (for encrypted emails) Related Stories Apple unveils HomePod, a smart speaker with Siri inside Is Apple building a Siri speaker? We might find out this week Apple may be the biggest tech company in the world, but some of the biggest tech stories in recent years haven't involved Apple much at all. Amazon redefined the concept of a personal assistant by freeing it from the phone, and creating a standalone speaker that you could talk to in your home. Myriad companies — none of them Apple — have been fighting over the future of virtual reality, augmented reality, and everything in between. And now everyone is talking about machine learning, with Google and Facebook leading the charge. The HomePod speaker: a music accessory first, and a home assistant second. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press) Yet on Monday, at its annual developer conference, Apple announced new efforts in all three areas at the same time. The company is bringing augmented reality to the iPhone and iPad, while virtual reality is coming to the Mac. And you can soon find Siri inside a standalone speaker for the home. At the same time, Apple is sharing machine learning tools with developers, while being more open about its own efforts, too. Augmented reality on the iPhone and iPad will make it easier to put new types of apps in the hands of millions — experiences that overlay digital information onto the real physical world when viewed through the phone or tablet's screen. Imagine games that sprawl over an otherwise empty table, or the chance to see how a new lamp looks in your bedroom. Virtual reality on the Mac will put Apple on par with some of the other big tech companies in the world — such as Microsoft, Google, and Samsung — which already make it easy to create immersive, 360-degree videos, or transport gamers to virtual worlds. The new HomePod is designed to sneak Siri into the home by putting it inside a product — a streaming music speaker — that people already understand. Taken together, these are the technologies that some of the world's biggest technology companies believe will define the future of how we interact with our computers — not through mechanical interfaces, but more natural, human experiences. Craig Federighi, Apple's senior vice-president of software engineering, demonstrates translation technology at the WWDC Monday. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press) And now that Apple thinks so too, it's a question of whether slick software and a massive customer base will help the company leapfrog its competitors' considerable head starts. Because, like so many of Apple's best ideas, someone else thought of them first. It's just that Apple believes it can make them better. The Siri speaker that wasn't For months, rumours swirled that Apple was preparing to announce a smart, internet-connected speaker that you could control with your voice. It would work a lot like Amazon's Echo or Google Home. When Apple announced the HomePod, however, it sounded more Sonos than Siri — a music accessory first, and a home assistant second. Siri functionality was one of the last features that Apple teased. Craig Federighi talks about the new High Sierra operating system Monday. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press) Unlike its competitors, HomePod's singular purpose is to deliver a really good music listening experience. But the only way you can control it is with your voice — and it just happens to know the weather and help you turn off your kitchen lights, too. This could be a tacit admission by Apple that it's too late in the game for yet another smart speaker — at least in name. By the time the first HomePods ship in December, Google Home will have had a one-year head start, and Amazon Echo three years. So by marketing the HomePod as a music device, Apple can under-promise and over-deliver. Creating virtual worlds Today, if you want to experience cutting edge virtual reality, you'll probably buy a headset and a Windows PC. Or if you want to experience augmented reality, you'll check out Microsoft's HoloLens, or one of Google's latest Android phones. What you won't do is boot up your Mac or pull out your iPhone. But Apple is trying to change that by releasing new tools to help developers create augmented reality experiences on the iPhone and iPad, and virtual reality experiences on the Mac. To demonstrate, visual effects company Industrial Light & Magic created a simple virtual reality experience set in the Star Wars universe, running on a Mac. Meanwhile, filmmaker Peter Jackson's game studio Wingnut AR demonstrated an augmented reality experience on an iPad. Airships circled above a table, an intricately rendered town below, firing weapons as they weaved. Tim Cook strides the stage at the WWDC. The company is stressing machine learning and augmented reality. (Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press) These experiences, while impressive, aren't unique to Apple, but the company believes it's uniquely positioned to help create them on a scale we haven't seen before. It's betting that AR-capable iPhones and iPads exist in far greater numbers than Google's limited number of AR-enabled phones. And to show developers the Mac a viable alternative to the PC, Apple has already aligned with industry giants like HTC, Valve, Unity, and Unreal, some of the biggest names in VR — albeit, a few years late. Last August, Backchannel editor Steven Levy wrote an article titled "The iBrain is Here, and It's Already Inside Your Phone." It was one of the first times that Apple had spoken at length about how the company was using machine learning in its products — and for good reason. 2 tools for developers Unlike Google and Facebook, which spoke frequently about their efforts and made their tools freely available for developers to use, Apple was notoriously secretive. But it was starting to open up — and it did a bit more this week. For developers who may not be machine learning experts, Apple has built a pair of tools that leverage machine learning algorithms for face tracking and language processing. Meanwhile, a tool called Core ML lets developers take the algorithms they've created for, say, Facebook or Google's machine learning software, and make them work on the iPhone. Naturally, Apple claims that apps built with Core ML can handle certain machine learning tasks faster than its competitors. Again, Apple isn't the first to tout the wonders of machine learning to developers, but they say they're trying to make it easier to work with than their competitors. It's the thread that ties all of this week's announcements together — not first, but better. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Top News Headlines Former FBI director testifies about Trump and possible Russian meddling in U.S. election Kevin O'Leary's pitch to pay off leadership debt shot down by elections commissioner read comments Camera captures police taking down London attackers Saturday night video If the Tories don't win big in the U.K. election, the knives might come out for Theresa May: Andrew MacDougall read comments video Mortgage rates at alternative lenders inch higher since Home Capital crisis read comments video Latest Technology & Science News Headlines Tracking ticks: New study forecasts spread of Lyme disease in Eastern Canada Canada's 2 newest astronauts to be revealed within weeks NASA announces 12 new astronauts The oldest Homo sapiens: Fossils found in Morocco date back 300,000 years Apple to make it easier to fix cracked iPhone screens Quirks & Quarks Trump exits Paris Accord, Finding Genes Linked to Intelligence and more Energy drinks, giants of the sea, Sherpa superpowers and more Most Viewed The oldest Homo sapiens: Fossils found in Morocco date back 300,000 years Apple to make it easier to fix cracked iPhone screens NASA announces 12 new astronauts Behind Apple's magical future, a vision built on borrowed ideas Canada's 2 newest astronauts to be revealed within weeks California and China sign climate deal after Trump pulls U.S. out of Paris accord Man-eating Nile crocodiles found roaming Florida swamps 10 invasive species threatening Canadian habitats Spider bites tourist below the belt Study suggests humans were in North America 100,000 years earlier than believed Don't Miss Space Canadian Space Agency gets $80.9 million to develop new technologies As It Happens Meteorologists posit new theory behind 'blood red' sky in Munch's The Scream Early humans Study suggests humans were in North America 100,000 years earlier than believed Q&A Say what? How a Canadian company can clone your voice Robotics The next big thing in construction robotics is building big Ouch Spider bites tourist below the belt Quirks & Quarks Pulling Water from Air, Vibrating Buildings and Support for Research Needs a Rethink Q&A Can't hack it in high altitudes? It's all about genetics Fossils University of Toronto researchers discover 507-million-year old sea creature Space NASA successfully pilots spacecraft between Saturn and its rings Climate change Climate change causes glacial river in Yukon to change direction Sea creatures Candy-striped hermit crab discovered in Caribbean Cannibals Early cannibalism not likely about the nutrition Geology Researchers confirm 'lost continent' below Mauritius Sea Dragon Newly discovered ruby sea dragon seen alive in wild for 1st time Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Technology | Economy | Startups | Personal Finance | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Business Technology Personal Finance Startups Internet Culture Media Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Videos Subscribe to Newsletters The Internet Is So Dangerous Google Is Now Teaching 10-Year-Olds How to Spot Scams By John Bonazzo • 06/06/17 12:09pm Can Google work as an online safety teaching tool? Philippe Huguen/Getty Images Cyberbullies and phishing scams can fool even the most seasoned netizens. So what can tech companies do to help the web’s youngest users spot a scam? Google is trying to help with “Be Internet Awesome,” a newly released program meant to help children in grades three to five be “smart, alert, strong, kind and brave” online. The centerpiece of the educational tool is an immersive online game called Interland that teaches kids how to practice online safety. The package also includes a “Digital Citizenship & Safety Curriculum” for teachers and a pledge for parents and families. Interland features four distinct worlds which stress different aspects of digital safety: In the Tower of Treasure, players need to “outrun the hacker and build an untouchable password” to secure secrets. Mindful Mountain teaches kids how to “be intentional about what you share and with whom.” It includes different tasks and questions designed to avoid oversharing of personal information like medical records. In Kind Kingdom, players must “block and report” cyberbullies to stop them from spreading negativity. “Don’t fall for fake” in Reality River—kids need to use their best judgment to avoid the literal “phisher” lurking in the water. The curriculum which accompanies the game was a collaboration between Google and the Internet Keep Safe Coalition (iKeepSafe). It features classroom activities which define complex online terms in ways 10-year-olds can understand. For example, a digital footprint is “everything on the internet that’s about you” and spear phishing is “when a scammer sends you a message that includes some of your personal information.” Google’s program also directs kids to go to the “Settings” tab on whatever social networks they use to make sure their posts and other content are only viewed by the right people. Being “awesome” online is a family affair, however, so the final major piece of Google’s project is a pledge where parents and children can agree to be “safe and fearless explorers of the online world.” Google worked with several digital safety companies on the program, including iKeepSafe, ConnectSafely and the Family Online Safety Institute. SEE ALSO: Google’s Human Take on Taming Malicious Websites Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Computing Phones Cars Gaming Science Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Electronics Apple’s HomePod Faces Fierce Competition Among Smart Speakers Apple’s HomePod Faces Fierce Competition Among Smart Speakers By Ryan Whitwam on June 6, 2017 at 11:30 am Comment When Apple gets into a market, it usually has something innovative to bring to the table. HomePod might be an exception, though. Apple announced this $350 smart speaker at WWDC to go up against Amazon Echo, Google Home, and Sonos Play 3. Despite the company’s insistence that HomePod will sound amazing, it all feels like too little too late to take on the growing smart speaker market. HomePod is a rounded cylinder about 7-inches tall (it looks like the “trashcan” Mac Pro). Inside is an array of seven beam-forming tweeter speakers and a larger subwoofer. The company says HomePod can adapt its speaker output to the room it is in, so feel free to put it on a shelf or in the corner — it should sound just as good. The speaker is powered by an Apple A8 ARM chip, the same one that was used in iPhones a few generations ago. Apple is really pushing the music angle with claims like HomePod will “reinvent how we enjoy music wirelessly throughout our homes.” You can control the speaker with Siri by telling it what to play, marking favorites, and even asking it detailed questions about the music that’s playing. Apple was almost sheepish in mentioning that, yes, Siri on the HomePod can do most of the usual Siri things like make appointments, find sports scores, and send messages. The HomePod will work with HomeKit as well, which is Apple’s smart home platform. Compared with Google and Amazon, HomeKit device support is extremely limited. Today’s announcement of the HomePod doesn’t address that, either. A larger problem for HomePod is also one of its headlining features: Siri. Apple might have been first to market with a digital assistant on the phone, but Siri has been surpassed by Amazon and Google. Apple approaches voice interaction problems programmatically — Siri needs to be able to do X, so here are the ways you can tell it to do X. Google (and to a lesser extent Amazon) created a platform that actually understands context with machine learning. Google’s machine learning technology is only getting more advanced as time goes on, too. You can get a Google Home or Amazon Echo for a little over $100. The HomePod is going to be a lot more spendy, and it won’t be available for quite some time. Apple expects to launch the HomePod in December. HomePod will probably sell in acceptable numbers to people who are already deep into the Apple rabbit hole. But Apple will need to have something else up its sleeve to convince casual fans to buy a $350 smart speaker that isn’t as smart as the competition. Tagged In apple siri wwdc amazon echo wwdc 2017 google home homepod Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Gamers Claim to Want Backwards Compatibility. Why Don’t They Use It? Jun 8 How BioWare Went Wrong With Mass Effect Andromeda Jun 8 New Fossil Discovery Rewrites History of First Human Beings Jun 7 Cosmic Rays Could Be Even More Dangerous to Mars Explorers Than Thought Jun 7 Hands On With Augmented Reality From ODG and Meta Jun 7 Facebook Twitter About Contact Newsletters Advertise More from Ziff Davis: PCMag AskMen Computer Shopper Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About POLITICS Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Apple's HomePod, Snapchat Spectacles: Podcast 321 Apple's HomePod, Snapchat Spectacles: Podcast 321 Podcast 24 minutes ago The OnePlus 5 is coming to the UK. Here's what to expect The OnePlus 5 is coming to the UK. Here's what to expect Gadgets 1 hour ago What is an exit poll? The UK general election polling process explained What is an exit poll? The UK general election polling process explained Politics 1 hour ago Molecules found in young stars suggest life on Earth came via our Sun Molecules found in young stars suggest life on Earth came via our Sun Life 4 hours ago IKEA designers are living in a Mars simulator to get inspiration for future collections. Really IKEA designers are living in a Mars simulator to get inspiration for future collections. Really 8:08 AM How to vote in the UK general election 2017 and watch the results online How to vote in the UK general election 2017 and watch the results online Voting 7:50 AM WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 8 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 8 Culture 6:41 AM Silencing the seas: climate change is irrevocably altering the sound of our oceans Silencing the seas: climate change is irrevocably altering the sound of our oceans Climate Change 1 day ago Einstein's 'impossible' star theory has been proved by the Hubble telescope Einstein's 'impossible' star theory has been proved by the Hubble telescope Space 1 day ago How to beat Putin's Kremlin at its own game, move by move How to beat Putin's Kremlin at its own game, move by move 1 day ago ARMS review: fantastically fun and freaky fighter is a must-have for the Nintendo Switch ARMS review: fantastically fun and freaky fighter is a must-have for the Nintendo Switch 8/10 Gaming 1 day ago Video takes you behind the scenes of Ben Ainslie's quest to win the 35th America's Cup Video takes you behind the scenes of Ben Ainslie's quest to win the 35th America's Cup WIRED Originals 1 day ago Theresa May wants to 'rip up' human rights laws. Here's why that should concern you Theresa May wants to 'rip up' human rights laws. Here's why that should concern you Human Rights 1 day ago 'Cosmic void' theory suggests our Universe is like Swiss cheese and we live in one of its holes 'Cosmic void' theory suggests our Universe is like Swiss cheese and we live in one of its holes Milky Way 1 day ago The Three Laws of Robotics need to be overhauled if AI is to power our homes, cars and lives The Three Laws of Robotics need to be overhauled if AI is to power our homes, cars and lives Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago Uber fires 20 staff as part of its investigation into sexual harassment and bullying Uber fires 20 staff as part of its investigation into sexual harassment and bullying Uber 1 day ago Baffled by the UK general election 2017? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the UK general election 2017? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 8:05 AM Photosynthesis 'created' in a lab can produce hydrogen for 10 hours Photosynthesis 'created' in a lab can produce hydrogen for 10 hours Photosynthesis 2 days ago Vodafone starts blocking ads on sites that promote hate speech and fake news Vodafone starts blocking ads on sites that promote hate speech and fake news Fake News 2 days ago We Are Still In: US coalition takes a stand against Trump's Paris agreement exit We Are Still In: US coalition takes a stand against Trump's Paris agreement exit Climate Change 2 days ago Leaked NSA report claims Russia ran 'cyber espionage' against US elections Leaked NSA report claims Russia ran 'cyber espionage' against US elections Hacking 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 02 Jun 2017 The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 30 May 2017 The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 1 day ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About ONLY £1.50 AN ISSUE + FREE DIGITAL EDITIONS Subscribe Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Apple's HomePod, Snapchat Spectacles: Podcast 321 Apple's HomePod, Snapchat Spectacles: Podcast 321 Podcast 24 minutes ago The OnePlus 5 is coming to the UK. Here's what to expect The OnePlus 5 is coming to the UK. Here's what to expect Gadgets 1 hour ago What is an exit poll? The UK general election polling process explained What is an exit poll? The UK general election polling process explained Politics 1 hour ago Molecules found in young stars suggest life on Earth came via our Sun Molecules found in young stars suggest life on Earth came via our Sun Life 4 hours ago IKEA designers are living in a Mars simulator to get inspiration for future collections. Really IKEA designers are living in a Mars simulator to get inspiration for future collections. Really 8:08 AM How to vote in the UK general election 2017 and watch the results online How to vote in the UK general election 2017 and watch the results online Voting 7:50 AM WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 8 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for June 8 Culture 6:41 AM Silencing the seas: climate change is irrevocably altering the sound of our oceans Silencing the seas: climate change is irrevocably altering the sound of our oceans Climate Change 1 day ago Einstein's 'impossible' star theory has been proved by the Hubble telescope Einstein's 'impossible' star theory has been proved by the Hubble telescope Space 1 day ago How to beat Putin's Kremlin at its own game, move by move How to beat Putin's Kremlin at its own game, move by move 1 day ago ARMS review: fantastically fun and freaky fighter is a must-have for the Nintendo Switch ARMS review: fantastically fun and freaky fighter is a must-have for the Nintendo Switch 8/10 Gaming 1 day ago Video takes you behind the scenes of Ben Ainslie's quest to win the 35th America's Cup Video takes you behind the scenes of Ben Ainslie's quest to win the 35th America's Cup WIRED Originals 1 day ago Theresa May wants to 'rip up' human rights laws. Here's why that should concern you Theresa May wants to 'rip up' human rights laws. Here's why that should concern you Human Rights 1 day ago 'Cosmic void' theory suggests our Universe is like Swiss cheese and we live in one of its holes 'Cosmic void' theory suggests our Universe is like Swiss cheese and we live in one of its holes Milky Way 1 day ago The Three Laws of Robotics need to be overhauled if AI is to power our homes, cars and lives The Three Laws of Robotics need to be overhauled if AI is to power our homes, cars and lives Artificial Intelligence 1 day ago Uber fires 20 staff as part of its investigation into sexual harassment and bullying Uber fires 20 staff as part of its investigation into sexual harassment and bullying Uber 1 day ago Baffled by the UK general election 2017? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help Baffled by the UK general election 2017? Not sure who to vote for? These online tools will help General Election 8:05 AM Photosynthesis 'created' in a lab can produce hydrogen for 10 hours Photosynthesis 'created' in a lab can produce hydrogen for 10 hours Photosynthesis 2 days ago Vodafone starts blocking ads on sites that promote hate speech and fake news Vodafone starts blocking ads on sites that promote hate speech and fake news Fake News 2 days ago We Are Still In: US coalition takes a stand against Trump's Paris agreement exit We Are Still In: US coalition takes a stand against Trump's Paris agreement exit Climate Change 2 days ago Leaked NSA report claims Russia ran 'cyber espionage' against US elections Leaked NSA report claims Russia ran 'cyber espionage' against US elections Hacking 2 days ago The biggest movie releases coming out in June The biggest movie releases coming out in June Film 02 Jun 2017 The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far The UK's laptop ban on flights: everything we know so far Flights 30 May 2017 The biggest new game releases for June The biggest new game releases for June Gaming 1 day ago The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK The best shows and TV series on Amazon Prime UK Amazon Prime 24 May 2017 Politics The ambitious, possibly dangerous plan to fight fake news with AI UK startup Factmata is working on automated factchecking. But if the truth is out there, it's proving hard to find By Rowland Manthorpe 1 day ago By Rowland Manthorpe Tuesday 6 June 2017 Getty Facts matter: but is that statement a fact? Suppose it could be proven or refuted – what then? What’s the best way to tell someone they’ve made an error? How do you nudge the world in the direction of truth? These are the questions professional factcheckers wrestle with on a daily basis. The practice creates a recognisable type. As a breed, factcheckers are cautious, modest and intensely paranoid about inaccuracy. Which makes the attitude of their newest addition unusual. “This is like, positive shit we're doing,” says Dhruv Gulati. “We don't diverge from our ultimate mission, which is to solve misinformation in the world.” ADVERTISEMENT Gulati, a former city analyst who co-founded UK artificial intelligence startup Weave.ai, is CEO of Factmata, one of a group of technology startups tackling the problem of “alternative facts” online. In November 2016, his small UK-based team was awarded €50,000 by the Google Digital News Initiative to develop a system to detect and correct misleading information online: a tool with the potential to match the speed and size of the internet itself. Jimmy Wales goes after fake news with Wikitribune Jimmy Wales goes after fake news with Wikitribune Journalism 25 Apr 2017 READ NEXT What is an exit poll? The UK general election polling process explained What is an exit poll? The UK general election polling process explained By Alexandra Simon-Lewis “The idea is a scalable real-time system,” Gulati explains, “that uses AI to detect stuff that is potentially misleading.” That includes not only false claims, but also “fake news, misleading news, rumours, hoaxes”: everything, in short, that isn’t entirely true. If a statement deviates in any way from the strict truth, Gulati claims his system will be able to spot it. Or, at any rate, he claims his system will be able to spot it one day. When that day will be isn’t entirely clear – as, indeed, are many aspects of Factmata’s approach. Gulati is building his startup the Silicon Valley way, with bold talk of “AI” and “democratisation,” and dismissive remarks about the fallibilities of human alternatives. But when it comes to factchecking, accuracy and nuance are all-important. Truth has already been disrupted once. Can it survive being challenged by technology yet again? Factmata is launching its first product on June 8, the day of the UK general election. This will be an extension for Google’s Chrome browser, designed to correct claims related to economic statistics. When Factmata’s text-reading software detects a statement about immigration or employment, the extension will bring up a link to the official government statistic in a little window next to the text, like a real-time footnote. Gulati shows me a static example, based on a real-life exchange on Twitter. Someone called Chris Conyers is debating, in the futile way of social media, a man using a Republican elephant as his avi. “Ha!,” spits Conyers, when the man, who goes by the name of Albert Parsons, claims Donald Trump will re-energise the US economy. “We’re in the longest stretch of economic growth in US history. 82 months.” Monetising misinformation: inside the fake news capital of the world Monetising misinformation: inside the fake news capital of the world Fake News 07 May 2017 Factmata has highlighted those sentences in yellow and linked them to a World Bank chart of GDP growth. “The great thing,” says Gulati, “is that this will work on anything. It will work on you and your mate talking about these issues in Facebook comments. We will pull up the chart from the World Bank and our sources of statistics and give you figures.” I look at it, thinking how annoying it would be to have some automated know-it-all tap me on the shoulder to correct my Twitter exaggerations. I wonder what I’d do, if I was Chris Conyers or Albert Parsons. “Of course,” I say jokingly to Gulati, “the World Bank is fake news.” “Now you're asking me a trick question,” Gulati replies. He appears unaware of the highly politicised nature of both the World Bank and the term “fake news.” Later, we talk about Donald Trump’s so-called Muslim Ban – he doesn’t know that’s a contested term either. Nor does he know that election day is devoid of news, as UK law restricts coverage to uncontroversial titbits, such as the weather, or politicians’ appearances at polling stations. If you’re launching then you’ll be too late to make a difference, I tell him. “Just put, we'll release it for the election,” he says – meaning, just put that in your article. “Anyway,” he adds, “I don't care. We're releasing it on June 8.” “Why not wait?” I say. “This stuff is important.” He seems not to know what I mean, so I add, dramatically: “We’re talking about life and death here.” “For our company?” says Gulati. He thinks I mean life and death for Factmata. “No, for people. There are people for whom this election will be the difference between life and death. So why not wait until you’ve perfected it?” “Because the election time's gone. The point is to release this and get people's feedback. It's a tool that everyone needs to use and have input into. This needs to be an open tool.” To function effectively, an automated political factchecker will need to be open: that way it can be tested against generally accepted standards, and be held accountable when it goes wrong. But although Gulati says the code for Factmata will be open source, he doesn’t mean openness in the political sense. He’s talking about getting people onto his platform: he means it needs to be open like a shop. Gulati says Factmata “uses AI,” which gives the impression his system does its factchecking automatically, like a factual version of spellcheck. But, in reality, Factmata will, at least for the foreseeable future, be powered by the crowd. It uses AI to identify facts that need checking, then assigns the work to freelance factcheckers. “Factchecking as a service,” Gulati calls it. “It's important to note,” he adds, “that it's not saying, ‘Oh I'm getting my facts from Factmata. Because we're not providing a factcheck.” In his vision, Factmata is to facts what Facebook is to content: a platform, which disclaims responsibility for what is placed there. “What facts am I providing here?” he asks. “I'm not providing anything. I'm not checking anything. I'm allowing other people to check things.” Will these crowdsourced factcheckers be paid? “That's where our business model comes in,” Gulati replies. “You can imagine this sort of service, detecting misleading content and verifying misleading content and providing a truth score, being useful to all sorts of industries. Platforms like Facebook or Google who need to clean their content. Ad networks that need to contain inventory of articles. Hedge funds who want to verify what they're trading.” Won’t this create conflicts of interest, the way it has in journalism or credit rating? Gulati brushes away that concern, saying that if Factmata is going to work, then it can’t be funded by grants. “It needs proper backing and it needs a business model that's defensible and that people support, and it needs scale.” In the end, it all comes down to growth. To succeed commercially, Factmata needs factcheckers, and that means it needs to grow. To succeed technologically, it needs data, and that, too, means it needs to grow. “We need to scale very fast,” says Gulati. He doesn’t add, “by any means necessary”: among startups, that’s taken for granted. Full Fact Silicon Valley has a simple attitude to politics: for them, it’s a problem to be solved. When the denizens of Silicon Valley (and I am speaking here of the mindset, rather than the place) encounter political difficulties, they treat them in the manner of an engineer. In the case of truth, that means going looking for it, as if it was a substance, like gold, that could be identified, mined and held up for all to see. Factcheckers are, on the whole, a fairly sanguine bunch, but this is one idea that makes them angry. “A lot of the ‘We know how to do machine learning’ brigade in this area don't know what they're talking about,” says Will Moy, director of independent factchecking charity Full Fact. “Automation is interesting, but it brings up really deep hard questions. We think a lot about them and I don't think we have glib answers.” Moy has been in the factchecking game long enough to be intimately acquainted with its difficulties. A political obsessive, who previously worked for the Parliamentary Advisory Council on Transport Safety, he set up Full Fact in 2010 to check claims made by politicians, interest groups and the media. Three referenda and one general elections later, and Full Fact is the UK’s leading – indeed only – factchecker, cited as an authority by everyone from David Cameron to David Dimbleby. Moy has some concerns about Factmata. “I just feel a little bit like there's a brand being spun up on ground which isn't very clear,” he says. “The work it’s based on is genuinely very elegant. But how do you turn that into something actually useful? How do they bridge the gap between treating statistics as facts about the world, which they’re not, to treating them as bits of information that you have to understand the definition and methodology of in order to be able to use?” Factmata draws on research by two machine learning academics, Andreas Vlachos and Sebastian Riedel, which Gulati expanded upon as a computer science masters at University College London. In a 2015 paper, the pair developed a method of identifying and verifying simple statistical claims, such as a country’s population or inflation rate. Previous attempts at automated factchecking started with statements that had been already factchecked by journalists. Vlachos and Riedel, who are now scientific advisors for Factmata, did the opposite: they started with the list of numbers, then used a branch of machine learning called natural language processing to identify those statistics being used. But although the method worked with established facts, it found more complex claims harder. What single database can help decide a statement such as “New Labour oversaw a collapse in social mobility”? Or “immigrants help the economy”? At present, neither the data nor the technology are ready. Hence the need for a human element. “They came up with quite a nice move,” says Moy. “But those aren't particularly interesting claims. What happens when you start going into the kinds of claims that people actually want us to factcheck, is that things tend to get more complicated.” Moy is not without an interest. Under his direction, Full Fact is developing its own automated factchecker, and is in the process of acquiring funds from eBay founder Pierre Omidyar’s philanthropic investment fund. But, unlike Factmata’s, Full Fact’s tool is not designed for public use. It is intended instead to help factcheckers and journalists perform their traditional role and scrutinise people in positions of power and influence. Moy shows me the prototype. It’s set up to live-check each sentence in that most obscure political ritual: Prime Minister’s Questions. The demo uses a video from 14 February – and straightaway it finds a claim, as May tells Corbyn, “there are 1,800 more midwives in the English NHS since 2010.” Immediately, Full Fact’s response pops up: “That's about right depending on where you measure from.” As a test of the technology, it’s meaningless, a neat hard-coded trick. But from a human point of view, it’s just what I’m looking for: a sophisticated answer, communicated in a sentence. ADVERTISEMENT UpVote episode 3: fake news and AI factchecking, with Full Fact director Will Moy UpVote episode 3: fake news and AI factchecking, with Full Fact director Will Moy Podcast 11 May 2017 Full Fact recently started working with Facebook to provide guidelines to help people spot fake news online. But when I ask Moy if he’d like to see a Facebook factchecker, he reels back in horror: “Certainly not!” At best, people would just ignore it. At worst, the automated interruptions create an outraged reaction against the very idea of factchecking. Because here’s the thing: factchecking isn’t friendly. Nor should it be. Factchecking developed to hold powerful people to account: it’s confrontational, and it’s like that because it has to be. If we want to change people’s minds, we should really take a different approach. Because no-one likes being told they’re wrong. This is Moy’s real worry about Factmata: that in its efforts to grow it will discredit factcheckers at large. I put this to Gulati. “What is Full Fact doing? They're an organisation of, what, 10, 20 people? This is a factchecker that has the wisdom and knowledge of everyone on the web.” The wisdom and knowledge of everyone on the web. If only that sounded more reassuring. Politics Fake News Artificial Intelligence Media General Election Share this article RECOMMENDED The startup fighting cancer with AI The startup fighting cancer with AI By João Medeiros Pharma 22 Mar 2016 How to make your own soundtrack in minutes, using AI How to make your own soundtrack in minutes, using AI By Amelia Heathman Music 05 Nov 2016 Tech giants back Apple against FBI's 'dangerous' encryption demand Tech giants back Apple against FBI's 'dangerous' encryption demand By Matt Burgess Technology 18 Feb 2016 Facebook is hiring a head of news following post-truth election controversy Facebook is hiring a head of news following post-truth election controversy By James Temperton Technology 13 Dec 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us: SUBSCRIBE NOW My Profile Log out LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age MenuClose Advertising Age Search Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Video Are the NewFronts Pointless? The NewFronts imitate TV’s annual upfronts marketplace, but digital video still isn’t bought the way TV is. Why are we doing this? Featured Super Bowl Ad Archive Best Places to Work Women to Watch 40 Under 40 Agency Report Leading National Advertisers Tagline Podcast Required Reading The 2017 Marketing Fact Pack Opinion See All DigitalNext The Media Guy Agency Viewpoint Rance Crain Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Log Out Subscribe Now Log In Subscribe Now Log Out Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Close Don't Miss TV Upfronts Video Cannes Lions Women to Watch A.I. Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data Publishing Partners Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Now That Apple Has HomePod, When Will Facebook Find Its Voice? By David Berkowitz - 14 minutes ago Array 0 The Invasion of Ideas: World Conflict and Social Media By Shelly Palmer - 49 minutes ago Array 0 Is It Time for 'Fox & Friends' to Rebrand Itself as 'Fox & Our Friend Donald'? By Simon Dumenco - 1 hour ago Array 0 Is Your Company a Great Place to Work? 5 hours ago Array 0 Jack Trout, Co-Author of 'Positioning,' Dies at 82 By Jack Neff - 15 hours ago Array 0 A Football Game Turns Into an Awesomely Awkward Disco Party in This Nike Ad By Simon Dumenco - 19 hours ago 0 Third Time's a Charm? Despite Blowouts, NBA Finals Put Up Huge Ratings By Anthony Crupi - 17 hours ago 0 Tech Companies Push Back on U.K.'s Claim They're Lax on Terror Yesterday 0 Google's Unilateral Ad Filter Sets Off Some Alarms By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Equinox 'Expands' the Definition of 'LGBTQA' With This Artsy Dance Film (and 20 More Letters) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 23 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Women to Watch 2017 - 11 hours ago 0 Marketers Struggle With Viewability IRL, Too By Jack Neff - 18 hours ago 0 Ballad of the Sad White Alpha Men By Simon Dumenco - 18 hours ago 0 NBC Wins Broadcast TV's Annual War of Attrition By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Strahan Reveals Locker Room Secrets (And What He Thinks of Ryan Seacrest) By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US × Sign In Register Sign In Forgot Password? Once registered, you can: - Read additional free articles each month - Comment on articles and featured creative work - Get our curated newsletters delivered to your inbox Register Now By registering you agree to our privacy policy, terms & conditions and to receive occasional emails from Ad Age. You may unsubscribe at any time. Are you a print subscriber? Activate your account. DigitalNext Now That Apple Has HomePod, When Will Facebook Find Its Voice? By David Berkowitz. Published on June 06, 2017. Apple has joined Amazon and Google in the battle for the home with its own voice-activiated assistant. Now Facebook has to decide how to proceed, writes David Berkowitz. Credit: Apple Most Popular Amazon, Google, Microsoft, and now Apple have made their voice-activated hardware approaches clear. But one proverbial elephant isn't in the literal living room yet: Facebook. Does that mean Facebook will be next? Amazon was the first to define this market, with its Echo devices using its Alexa operating system. Google came next with Home, powered by Google Assistant. Microsoft first offered voice controls of a home electronics device years ago when it released the Kinect in 2010 for the Xbox 360, which combined voice recognition with facial recognition. This year, Microsoft licensed its voice software, Cortana, to power a Harmon Kardon device called the Invoke. And just this month, at its Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), Apple announced it would release its HomePod, which it refers to as "a powerful speaker." That accounts for four out of five of the U.S.-based technology leaders. Analyst and investor Lou Kerner, who refers to Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Google and Amazon collectively as "FAMGA," notes they have a combined market capitalization north of $3 trillion. New York Times tech columnist Farhad Manjoo calls them the "Frightful Five." If four are already betting on voice-activated hardware designed for the home, could the fifth be far behind? Here are four scenarios for what Facebook might do: Scenario 1: It bucks the herd and decides not to enter. After all, Facebook is not a hardware company, and has less to gain. Amazon can promote its products and charge for sponsored product recommendations; Google can apply its own direct-response ads for voice-triggered search queries (and Home aligns well with Nest and Dropcam). Microsoft, meanwhile, doesn't want to sit on the fence during another operating system battle, especially after faring so poorly with smartphones. Apple should have invented this category, but it is now catching up as the fourth entrant with a me-too product. Yes, Facebook may miss out on some of the data generated from home devices, but the company doesn't have the same need to be in this category as the others do. Scenario 2: It waits to see how social these devices are. Apple touts the quality of its speaker, but Amazon's Echo Look will be the first in the category to offer the equivalent of FaceTime video chat. Will this be the killer app that fuels the next wave of the category? It's a tough bet to make, as smartphones already work well for video chat, and using a screen to chat is often more of a hassle (cue Jane Jetson with her "Morning Mask"). If these voice-activated speakers become the new home phone, Facebook will want to be in the mix, with the Messenger brand leading the way. (This is also why Microsoft wants to ensure it has a path for Skype to succeed here.) Scenario 3: It integrates its software with other devices, rather than release its own. Remember the Facebook Phone? Nearly a decade ago, there was constant speculation that Facebook would release its own smartphone. I never understood how this would serve Facebook's goals. In September 2010, I wrote in a column, "We already have a Facebook phone. It's called the phone." Facebook remains ubiquitous on everyone else's devices. Facebook's official response to the speculation was this: "Our view is that almost all experiences would be better if they were social, so integrating deeply into existing platforms and operating systems is a good way to enable this." In that sense, HomePod, Echo, Home and Invoke will all be Facebook devices sooner or later. Scenario 4: It uses the voice-activated home hardware it already has. Facebook's virtual reality headset, Oculus, added voice controls in March. The blog post from Oculus made it seem like a frivolous addition: "To make finding great videos even easier, we've added voice search to Rooms. Just select 'Search' in the TV area and tap the mic button, then speak to search for any Facebook content you want to watch with friends, from cartoons to cat videos." Instead of simulating surround sound, Oculus simulates surround vision, and speech recognition comes with it. As was the case with Kinect -- and now Xbox One -- with Oculus, voice control is a feature rather than a product. In acquiring Oculus, Facebook is attempting to create an entire market for virtual reality. While Facebook attempts that, Apple will release a $350 speaker and Amazon will continue to corner the market this holiday season. My bet is that if these speakers (with or without screens attached) become social, Facebook will be there, and give its 2 billion users a reason to buy its product. Facebook will, in turn, gain more opportunities to adapt its software for the other four operating systems. But for now, the smart speaker market will have to settle for being a four-way race. Instead of FAMGA, it's AMGA -- or, MAGA, if that acronym isn't taken. In this article: A.I. DigitalNext Technology David Berkowitz David Berkowitz is the chief strategy officer at Sysomos, the unified social marketing and analytics platform. Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Site by AREA 17
Apple plans to kill Safari's autoplay feature - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Apple plans to kill Safari's autoplay feature Posted: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 11:53 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 12:55 PM EDT The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. The Apple headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, California. Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple and serves on its Board of Directors. Before being named CEO in August 2011, Tim was Apple's Chief Operating Officer and was responsible for all of the company's worldwide sales and operations. By Dylan Byers NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Is this the beginning of the end of autoplay? You know those pesky, annoying videos that automatically start playing when you open up a new web page, causing you to mute your computer and search feverishly for the pause button, or just close the browser altogether? Or, even worse, those intrusive pop-up ads that block the page and force you to wait for 10 or 15 interminable seconds before you actually get to see the web page at all? Those may soon be a thing of the past. Apple on Monday announced a new feature to block autoplay videos on its next iteration of the Safari web browser. The upcoming version will also disable trackers that allow advertisers to monitor user activity for targeted ads. Apple announced the changes four days after Google, the dominant player in Internet advertising, reportedly told publishers about plans to roll out an ad blocker for its Chrome web browser. "It's far too common that people encounter annoying, intrusive ads on the web," Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google's senior vice president for ads and commerce, wrote in a Google blog post on Thursday. These moves are as likely to delight consumers as they are to terrify publishers. From the consumer perspective, autoplay videos and pop-up ads are the bane of the Internet user experience. They interrupt the flow of news consumption and create a nuisance for the reader. For publishers, including CNN, autoplay videos can be a huge revenue generator. By having videos start automatically, publishers boost their overall video audience numbers by including users who may not actually watch the videos. They then take these jacked-up numbers to advertisers and sell ad space for more money. Similarly, some advertisers are willing to pay more for pop-up ads because they know they're advertisements will get it front of the consumer. With the introduction of autoplay blocking on Safari and ad-blocking on Chrome, publishers could find themselves in a bind. Google alone accounts for more than 40% of the digital advertising market in the United States, according to digital marketing research firm eMarketer. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jun 08, 9:39 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Google's June OTA Security Update Fixes Mysterious Pixel, Pixel XL Freezing Issue By Ken Manbert Salcedo On 06/06/17 AT 11:59 AM Close Google has begun rolling out its over-the-air (OTA) software security update to its Nexus and Pixel smartphones, including a fix for a mysterious bug on Pixel and Pixel XL handsets that randomly freezes the devices. “There is a fix included in the June security update that should address many of the freezing issues that have been reported. The update is starting to roll out via OTA today [Tuesday] and will continue to roll out over the coming weeks,” a Google representative said on the Pixel User Community forums. “Freezing and general device performance issues can be caused by many different things, so please continue to update this post with your individual experiences after accepting the June security OTA.” Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones both have been received pretty well by consumers and critics when it was released late last year. However, Google was faced with several issues ranging from lack of stock and the occasional software problems. The random freezing problem on the Pixel phones has actually been around since shortly after they were released. As seen on the Pixel user Community forum post, user Aris Wright reported the freezing issue on his Pixel XL back in November. Several others have come forward with similar issues. “My Pixel XL 128 GB becomes unresponsive randomly. Doesn't only happen while using a particular app or while doing a particular task. It's just random,” another user said. For some, the freezing issue would last a few minutes and their phone would suddenly start working again. For others, the phones needed to be rebooted by holding down the power button to get their Pixel or Pixel XL handset working again. The issue might be affecting a lot of users, but some appear not to be affected at all, as pointed out by the Verge. Although the June OTA security update finally delivers on a fix, Google hasn’t really given an exact reason as to why this is happening. The Google representative just said that it can be caused by “many different things,” and advised everyone to keep updating the software. A bug like this seems odd, as pointed out by Engadget. Google has full control on both hardware and the Android software on the Pixel and Pixel XL. It doesn’t come with bloatware or any other software features that can bog down the phone's performance. However, it’s also important to point out that the Pixel and Pixel XL are both first-generation devices. It’s very possible Google simply may have overlooked something with the device’s performance. It’s very likely that this issue will no longer plague Google’s upcoming successors to the Pixel and Pixel XL. The June OTA security update is also being rolled out to the Pixel C, Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6, Nexus Player, Nexus 9 LTE and Nexus 9 Wi-Fi, according to Android Police. The update should arrive on with differing builds depending on which carriers users are on. The June OTA security update for Google’s Android devices also includes other fixes and resolves several security flaws. Google has rolled out a fix for the Pixel and Pixel XL's freezing issue. Photo: REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories T-Mobile Announced Campaign To Get Verizon Customers To Switch Pixel 2 Running Android O Appears On Geekbench Recommended Business Sears To Shut Down Over 70 Stores In January, Sears announced it would be shutting down 150 stores and, in May, added at least 30 more stores to that list. Technology MacBook Pro 2017 vs. MacBook Pro 2016 According to GeekBench 4 Benchmarks, the 2017 MacBook is 20 percent faster than the 2016 model. World Iran Blames Trump's Visit To Saudi For Tehran Attacks Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps blamed, in a statement, President Donald Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia last month, for Wednesday's twin terror attacks in Tehran. National Here's How Close The FBI And President Are Supposed To Be Former FBI Director James Comey’s relationship with President Donald Trump was strained at best. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Get the most from Google Chrome with these tips and tricks Do you want to become a Google Chrome power user? Read on! By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | June 6, 2017 -- 15:25 GMT (08:25 PDT) | Topic: Cloud Simple hacks to make Google Chrome better and faster Do you use Google Chrome? Do you want to become a Google Chrome expert? Read on! What follows are a collection of tips, tricks, and tools to help you get the most from Google Chrome. There are tips on speeding up the browser and making it consume less RAM, ways to increase your privacy, and extensions that you can install to help you get more done in your day. Note: These tips work for both Mac and Windows (and many even work for Linux!). Give Google Chrome a tune-up Web browsers work hard, and mostly get little in the way of care and attention. But a little tune-up can go a long way to making Google Chrome faster and more efficient. what's hot on zdnet OneLogin security chief reveals new details of data breach US spy chief reverses course, will not say how many Americans caught in NSA surveillance Hands-on with the new iPad Pro, Apple's AR platform Apple plants seeds with ARKit and HomePod #1: Update your Google Chrome browser If you've not closed Google Chrome in a while -- probably because you've got a whole bunch of tabs you're keeping open -- then perhaps there's an update waiting for you. You can easily tell if there's an update on later releases of Chrome because the menu button (the three vertical dots right of the address bar) will change from green to yellow and then red to give you a visual reminder of how out-of-date the browser you are running is. To force Chrome to check for an update type chrome://help into the address bar and follow the prompts. #2: Get rid of unwanted extensions Type chrome://extensions into the address bar and disable any unwanted extensions. Either uncheck the box to disable the extension or click on the trash can icon to delete it. Note that if you delete an extension you lose all the data associated with it (this does not happen if you disable it) #3: Get rid of unwanted plugins Type chrome://plugins into the address bar and disable any unwanted plugins. Just click the link to disable. #4: Take control tabs with custom extensions The amount of tabs you have open at any one time has a direct impact on the performance of Chrome, as well as how much RAM the application consumes. Fortunately, it's possible to have a lot of tabs open and keep memory consumption under control with some extensions. Here are a selection for you to choose from: Tab Wrangler One Tab The Great Suspender Another thing you can do is strip the page down to just the text using an extension such as Text Mode or Minimalist. There are a lot of awesome Google Chrome extensions out there. I've listed a few in the gallery below (although I don't recommend that you install all of them!). #5: Install the Data Saver extension If your problem is related more to a poor internet connection than it is to a sluggish browser, then one way you can help improve bandwidth is to install the Google Data Saver extension. This extension uses the Google servers to compress and optimize web pages before they are delivered to your browser. #6: Close your browser! You really don't have to have your browser running the whole time! Really, you don't. You can customize Google Chrome to reopen exactly where you were when you closed it. Type chrome://settings and under On startup you'll see three options: Open the New Tab page Continue where you left off Open a specific page or set of pages If you want Google Chrome to fire up where you left it, choose Continue where you left off, or if you want to start up from a custom set of pages, choose Open a specific page or set of pages and select those pages. One word of caution -- be careful if you have multiple browser windows open, because only the tabs from the last window you closed will be reopened. Tip: If you accidentally close a tab, you can recover it by pressing Ctrl + Shift + T on Windows or Linux, or ⌘ + Shift + T on a Mac. #7: Run with the default theme You can do a lot of customizing of Google Chrome, including changing the theme. However, themes eat RAM, so if you want the speediest possible browser, run with the default theme. Type chrome://settings and under Appearance, if the Reset to default theme button isn't greyed out then you're running a custom theme. Click the button to go back to the default. #8: Smoother scrolling Type chrome://flags into the address bar and find Enable fast tab/windows close. This option speeds up Chrome by allowing it to close windows separate to any JavaScript code that might be running. After you've made changes click the RELAUNCH NOW button at the bottom of the screen to apply the setting. Note that this is an experimental feature and be sure to read the warnings at the top of the settings page in Chrome. To undo any changes click the Reset all to default button. #9: Clear your cache If you're getting low on disk space then you might find Chrome will speed up if you clear the cache. Type chrome://settings/clearBrowserData into the address bar and I'd suggest choosing only the Cached images and files option. Alternatively, you can nuke everything and start with a clean slate. For best results clear items from the beginning of time. Tools for IT professionals SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 26 NEXT PREV #10: Check your system for spyware and other junk Windows users can make use of Google's Software Removal Tool. It might also be a good idea to scan the system using something such as Malwarebyte's Anti-Malware. Mac users can check out Malwarebyte's Anti-Malware for Mac (don't believe the nonsense that Macs can't have viruses or malware -- that may have been true a decade ago, but it's not true today). Power up Google Chrome with extensions Google Chrome is so much more than a web browser. It's a platform, and with a few key extensions installed you can transform it into a command center for your day-to-day work. Whether it's productivity, security, or enhanced automation you are after, there's an extension that can help you achieve that goal. Top extensions to supercharge Google Chr... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 64 NEXT PREV Make Google Chrome eat less battery Here's one for all you folks who use laptops and tablets. While I'm a big fan of Google Chrome, I'm also the first to admit that it isn't without its flaws, and one of those being that it can be quite a bit of a battery hog. Here are a series of tips to help you rein in Google Chrome's thirst for power! How to make Google Chrome use less battery... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 6 NEXT PREV Quick Google Chrome tips Here are a bunch of Google Chrome tips that will make your day easier and life more productive. One of the best ways to become a total Google Chrome power user is to learn how to control the browser using shortcut keys. You can select multiple tabs for dragging -- hold down Ctrl on Windows or ⌘ on the Mac and click on the tabs you want to select. Reopen a tab you've accidentally closed with Ctrl + Shift + T on Windows or ⌘ + Shift + T on the Mac (you can reopen up to ten previously closed tabs). You can play any media file on your computer that's supported by Google Chrome by dragging it into a browser window. Google Chrome has its own task manager -- click the menu button that lives to the right of the address bar (the button with the three vertical dots), go to More Tools and then choose Task Manager. You can use the spacebar to scroll down a webpage, and you can scroll back up by pressing Shift + Spacebar. You know that T-Rex Google Chrome shows you when you lose connection to the internet (you can access the page by going to chrome://network-error/-106 )? If you press the spacebar, the T-Rex will jump and kick off a simple game where you have to jump over cacti, Mario-style. Want a TL:DR? Here you go! If all that seems like too much to take in, and you just want a manageable handful of tips to make Google Chrome faster and more stable, here you go! Five secrets to a faster, stable Google... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 5 NEXT PREV Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Cloud security firm Illumio raises $125m to expand 'adaptive segmentation' platform Mobility ShoreTel eyes APAC opportunity with Connect Cloud launch in Australia Cloud Microsoft realigns its cloud, AI, data organizations Artificial Intelligence Bringing voice control to the office of the future × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: Now $75 Off] Deal Alert: Pixel 32GB (international version) is $50 off on eBay Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/05/26 2:20pm PDTMay 26, 2017 2 Plus 1 on G+ 53 Share on Facebook 57 Share on Twitter Total Shares112 Deals News Pixel Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or It's no secret that Google has had some serious supply issues with its flagship Pixel phone. That goes for pretty much any combination of size, color, or storage. Rumors even began to surface alleging that Google had stopped production of the devices altogether. That wasn't the case, but nonetheless, you will still struggle to actually find the Pixel if you wish to buy it. A 32GB Pixel (international version) on eBay for $50 off the list price could be the answer to that problem. This is the entry level 5" Pixel, with 32GB of storage in the color Very Silver - and it's available for $599. That's $50 less than the $649 Google is still charging for it. Beware though, this is the international version of the device. So if you live in the US you'll have to check the bands to see if it works on your network. This version won't play nice with Verizon or Sprint, so if you're on either of those carriers you can rule this out. If you live outside the US then this is definitely for you. Shipping appears to be free in the US, but here in the UK, it's $18.99. That still works out a bargain for me, especially if you account for the exchange rate. You'll have to do the sums from where you are to see if the deal is as good for you. It's worth mentioning that getting your warranty honored might be tough with this type of purchase, so bear that in mind. It's hard to say how many of these they have, other than a "limited quantity," so you'll have to be quick if you want to get your hands on arguably the best Android phone of 2016. Update 1: 2017/05/26 2:32pm PDT It looks like the price has dropped another $25, making this a $75 savings in total. For a device that hasn't seen much in the way of price drops or sales since launch, $75 off isn't bad. Anyone interested in a Pixel that uses a network compatible with this international model should give it a serious think. End of Update Source: eBay Thanks: Moshe Tags deal eBay Google pixel subscribe ... Previous Story Google is now offering four free months of Google Play Music for new subscribers ... Next Story The Android app for ASUS' upcoming Lyra mesh Wi-Fi network system is already available Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Let me know when it's $100 with a free year of Amazon Prime. Then I'll get one. shamatuu that will never happen james fuston Looks like we found the one guy still using a Fire Phone. Middlefinger As a back up phone yeah, its not reliable enough to be a daily driver. Its problems seem to be a mixture of hardware bugs, and Googles poor software QC. me me "bargain" JL "buggy" Gladysrcrosby Managing director of Google!, is explaining to users to start off "Work at home" method, that People have been doing for about one year now. These days alone, I generated close to $36,000 until now with no more than my home computer as well as some spare time, despite that i have a fulltime 9 to 5 job. Even everyone not used to this, can make $89/per h easily and the earnings can go even higher over time... This is how i started !so184c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs474MarketConsultantGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!so184c:....,.... abc "bezel" Master Yates After handling a S8, OMG those Bezels. Max Johnson "blacklisted" Taylor Hardy I work from convenience of my residence, via hassle-free tasks which only needs only from you a Laptop in addition to on-line connection and I am just more successful than ever before... After six months with this work and therefore managed to get paid in total 36 thousand dollars... Mainly I make close to 80 bucks/h and work for 3 to 4 hours time daily.And fantastic point regarding this work is that you can easily arrange time period whenever you get the job done and for how long as you may wish for and you achieve a check each week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Middlefinger Even at $99 its not worth the bugs. It doesnt matter how 'high end' a device is, if it doesn't work properly, its worthless. jonzey231 $50 is worth a guarantee that Google will honor the warranty....trust me...I wish I would've gotten my 6P direct. Andy What do you mean? jonzey231 If you don't buy the phone from Google, they won't help you. They send you to the manufacturer. I was forced to go to Huawei for my 6P and it was a little over 3 weeks before I got it back....and the problem is still there. Spend the extra $50 and buy it through Google so you're guaranteed to get support through their CS channels. You'll be glad you did in 6 months when something inevitably goes wrong. IMHO get the OnePlus 3T. Costs less but has better overall specs aside from the camera which is still pretty good in its own right. My brother has one and my roommate just got his last week and they both have no intention of going back to a major brand ever again. YaKillaCJ Same happened when I got the OnePlus One. It changed the way I (and many others) view a "budget" device from an unknown brand. needa I felt the same way after using an OPO for nearly three years. Got me an XL in mint condition for $450. Google edition even. Still had 3520 mAh in the batt too. Would have bought the black 3T had they been in stock. Took me three days to hunt down this deal. Andy Got my wife the pixel. Runs great. Just had the microphone problem. Google swapped without question. Wife seems to think it takes horrible selfies. Rod Weird, as it's cameras are regarded among the best currently. Random! @andy maybe you should let her know that the camera isn't the problem... It's actually her face. If you do warn her about this, I promise to visit you at the hospital. Andy Thanks for the tip. VAVAMk_2 Huzzah! Master Yates Agreed with you regarding the 3T. Lets see if the excellent updates and support evaporate when the One Plus 5 is released? That's the real test. IcerC Except in this case Google is the Manufacturer, that might change things. VAVAMk_2 Google didn't make the camera. Uses a Sony made sensor but the camera software is Google's and regarded among the best in post processing, particularly HDR. Roy Ahh so nice call me when the 1+2 will get Nougat and your friend will get or never get Android O. ddevito #Fail Andy S8 release response? AdMoc Does not ship to Poland as fck always -_- Random! Look for some service like Shipito. I believe they have an EU warehouse. Shakil Shaikh $60 shipping? kristin ANY Pixel made by google is compatible with any provider. It doesnt matter if its international or not. This writer is an odiot. Scott Scrivens https://www.techwalls.com/google-pixel-pixel-xl-model-number-differences/ Kevin Davis "Odiot", lmao. 😂 Oh, and you're wrong, too. kristin I called google about this. It would be up your phone company provider whether it worked or not. So it may not work with att or tmobile either. kristin This may or may not work on any provider. Its up to the provider. You want a pixel? Go to swappa.com and get one used in mint condition for much cheaper. Ive gotten a few phones from them since ive been on project fi and had no issues. Ill never buy a new phone again. Random! $50 off? How cute... If they get to $300 off ($350 final price) within a month, I might even convince myself it's worth to stare at those bezels everyday. Other than that (impossible) scenario, I'd rather get the 3T, Axon 7, or even the LG G5. Gjorgi Lazarovski The Pixel is probably not dropping in price anytime soon. Random! That's the point: I'd never buy a Pixel because it's ridiculously overpriced (and ugly). I can get much better hardware for cheaper. I would only consider the pixel if it were cheaper than the 3T iKon The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition Roy You mean the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display. xyz No, he means "The most overrated smartphone of 2016. Only the camera is decent. Ugly ass design, overpriced and dull with no features compared to competition." Roy No, I'm sure he/she means "the best smartphone of 2016, best camera rare band front, best software, best updates. Great battery, great display". iKon No I meant what I said. The pixel is a flop and even Google knows it. No matter how much money they put into advertising there are alot of better choices out there.. only hard core Google fanboys try and big it up Roy Yes yada yada and still every reviewer said is the best smartphone of 2016. So.. even David here. In the on of the day it's a lots about the UI and I just don't like Samsung software. Ordeith LOL. You're such a Google sycophant, Roy. Roy You feeling really smart? I'm Imagine your ass all over your face. nirmitlamed Google is so off track in figuring out what customers wants and competing against the other monstrous companies. I would very much like to hear how many Pixels Google sold in the last year since they told us they sold more than they expected. Lawrence I can put my coffee cup on the Bezel David Nowicki I'm a big Nexus fan, but why would you pay $749 for the Pixel XL vs the OnePlus 3T at about half the price ? And soon the OnePlus 5 at $450 or so with S8+ specs will be a steal compared to the Pixel 4Ui812 Supply and demand. Limit the supply and you increase demand. It's like P.T. Barnum said , "There's a sucker born every minute". Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 117 queries | 0.742s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 FastestISPs AppleHomePod iMacPro HighTechCities Menu Home/ News & Analysis/ Google's 'Interland' Game Makes Online Safety Education Fun Google's 'Interland' Game Makes Online Safety Education Fun By Angela Moscaritolo June 6, 2017 10:27am EST 10 Comments The Web giant introduces Be Internet Awesome, a new initiative to teach kids 'the fundamentals of digital citizenship and safety.' Just in time for summer break, a new initiative from Google aims to teach kids in a fun way how to stay safe online. The Web giant on Tuesday introduced Be Internet Awesome, a site that teaches kids "the fundamentals of digital citizenship and safety" like being careful about what they share online, how to spot scams and protect their privacy, and the importance of being respectful of others on the Web. Kids can head over to the Be Internet Awesome site and journey to a place called "Interland," where they'll "embark on a quest to become a fearless explorer of the online world." The Interland game is free and web-based so its accessible to everyone. "In this imaginary world of four lands, kids combat hackers, phishers, oversharers and bullies, practicing the skills they need to be good digital citizens," Google's Vice President of Engineering for kids and families, Pavni Diwanji, wrote in a Tuesday blog post. Google developed Be Internet Awesome in collaboration with online safety experts like the Family Online Safety Institute, the Internet Keep Safe Coalition, and ConnectSafely. As part of the intitiative, Google also released a classroom curriculum to help educators teach kids how to stay safe online, plus a YouTube video series to help parents start a conversation about this topic. Finally, there's also a Be Internet Awesome Pledge that you can print out and have the kiddos in your life sign. "It's critical that the most influential people in our kids' lives—parents and teachers, especially—help kids learn how to be smart, positive and kind online, just like we teach them to be offline," Diwanji wrote. "It's something we all need to reinforce together." Back to top Previous : Kaspersky Accuses Microsoft of Deleting its Antivirus Amazon Discounts Prime for Low-Income Shoppers Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Rumor Tips Message Recall for WhatsApp WABetaInfo found evidence in WhatsApp's code for a so-called 'Recall' feature. More » Overwatch Announces Double XP Weekend The bonus will apply to 'nearly all sources of in-game XP,' the Overwatch team said, including time ... More » OnePlus 5 to Make Official Debut June 20 The Chinese smartphone maker will unveil its next flagship phone, the OnePlus 5, in two weeks. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: No Spring Cleaning On The Search Index Google: No Spring Cleaning On The Search Index Jun 6, 2017 • 7:27 am | (1) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story John Mueller from Google said at the 14:08 mark in the webmaster hangout video from Friday that Google doesn't perform "Spring Cleaning" on their search index. He said "it's not that we have Spring Cleaning in our index," when he was asked about a site losing pages in the Google index. Here is the video embed at the right time: The question: We work on a huge website, justanswer.com and since late April, early May, we have experienced a big drop in pages indexed. This happened across all our international sites. We weren’t changing anything significant in the last couple of months. What could that be? Or is this just a regular index clean up that Google does every Spring? The answer: So from our point of view, it’s not that we have Spring Cleaning in our index. We try to recrawl and reindex essentially URLs like normal. I took a quick look at the web site to kind of see what type of site it is and it looks like it is heavily based on user generated content. So this seems like one of those sites where from our point of view, our algorithms might go and say well there is lots of low quality user generated content here, we have to be careful… The answer goes into low quality user generated content and how that can hurt a site, which we've covered before. Forum discussion at Twitter. Previous story: Daily Search Forum Recap: June 5, 2017   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/02/2017 09:05 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Google Updates and SERP Changes - June 2017 NOODP No Longer Supported By Google - Getting a Good Meta Description Digital Point Forums Wingoads - Buy and Sell Mobile Traffic Network Adnow Native Ads [Official Thread] Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: We Penalizes Egregious Link Manipulation; Otherwise Ignores The Link Google: We Penalizes Egregious Link Manipulation; Otherwise Ignores The Link Jun 6, 2017 • 7:41 am | (28) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next story Tweet Pin It   Prev Story Next Story As you know, Google treats links from spammy sites vs unnatural links differently. But Google also treats different types of unnatural links differently as well. Unnatural links that are classified as "egregious link manipulation" would likely penalize a site whereas other links that are unnatural are likely just ignored by Google. Gary Illyes from Google said this on Twitter: That depends on the purpose of that link really, but if it's not a egregious link manipulation scheme, we're more likely to just ignore them— Gary Illyes ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ (@methode) June 2, 2017 Google's new real time Penguin algorithm devalues links and no longer penalizes or demotes links - so this is a similar statement. Forum discussion at Twitter Previous story: Google: Less Crawl Rate Isn't Necessarily A Bad Thing   blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 06/02/2017 09:05 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums What is HTTP/2 and Why You Should Use It Google Updates and SERP Changes - June 2017 Digital Point Forums HilltopAds | Official Thread PropellerAds Network | Banners, Popunders, Mobile [Official Thread] Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting   Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Google Google Updates Google News Google SEO AdSense AdWords Misc Google Google Maps Bing Bing SEO Bing Ads ContentAds Yahoo Yahoo SEO Yahoo Search Ads Yahoo Publisher Network Yahoo News Other Yahoo Overture SEO Sitemaps Spiders Informational Sites SEO SEO Copywriting Keyword Research Link Building Dynamic Site SEO Cloaking Local SEO Other Search Topics Search News SEO Tools Spam Forum News SEM Companies Web Promotion SEO Interviews Search Technology Search Theory SEM Organizations SEO Books Legal Search Issues Affiliate Marketing Social Search More... Logos Other Search Engines SEO Conferences PPC Engines Web Directories Ask.com Photos Shopping Search Multilingual Search Search Pulse Search Video Recaps Digg Digest Search Forum Recap Misc Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Mobile Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2017 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Tweakers Frontpage Nieuws Reviews Pricewatch Vraag & Aanbod Forum Meer Video Downloads IT Banen IT Pro Profielen Tweakblogs Acties & Events Word Abonnee Over Tweakers 0 Account Inloggen Registreren settings vergelijk items0 Zoeken Inloggen Registreren Wij stellen technologie op de proef 32,1K 78,4K Cookies op Tweakers Tweakers maakt gebruik van cookies, onder andere om de website te analyseren, het gebruiksgemak te vergroten en advertenties te tonen. Door gebruik te maken van deze website, of door op 'Ga verder' te klikken, geef je toestemming voor het gebruik van cookies. Wil je meer informatie over cookies en hoe ze worden gebruikt, bekijk dan ons cookiebeleid. Ga verder Meer informatie Software-update: Google Chrome 59.0.3071.86 Door Bart van Klaveren, dinsdag 6 juni 2017 17:22, 12 reacties • Feedback Bron: Google, submitter: mikeoke Google heeft versie 59 van zijn webbrowser Chrome uitgebracht. Google Chrome is beschikbaar voor Windows, Linux en macOS. Er zijn ook versies voor Android en iOS, maar die volgen een iets ander releaseschema. Sinds versie 50 is de ondersteuning voor oudere versies van Windows en macOS vervallen. In versie 59 heeft onder meer het instellingenscherm een makeover gekregen en volgt het nu het zogenaamde material design. Daarnaast zijn er diverse kleinere verbeteringen aangebracht en de nodige bugfixes doorgevoerd. De belangrijkste verbeteringen in versie 59 zijn hieronder voor je op een rijtje gezet. Headless Chromium Headless Chromium allows running Chromium in an automated environment without a user interface or peripherals. This enables use cases such as automating unit tests with Selenium and converting a web page into a PDF. Headless Chromium is powered by all the modern web platform features provided by Chromium and Blink. Support is now available on Mac and Linux, with a Windows implementation coming soon. Native notifications on macOS Chrome has historically included its own notification system for web and extension developers to send notifications to users. In response to macOS introducing its own rich notification system, many users have asked for the two systems to be integrated.   In Chrome 59, when developers send notifications via the Notifications API or chrome.notifications, they will be shown directly by the macOS native notification system. This change improves the user experience, but some low-usage API features are now discouraged since they result in a degraded experience on macOS, as documented in the migration guide. Chrome notifications before and after integration with the native notification system. Service worker navigation preload The Service Worker navigation preload API enables the browser to preload navigation requests while a service worker is starting up. These requests are started before executing the fetch event handler in the service worker intercepting the target URL. This gives the worker access to the preload response inside the fetch event handler, allowing the service worker to handle the navigation with minimal delay. Other features in this release Developers can now use MediaError.message to obtain greater detail about a MediaError produced by <audio> or <video>. WritableStreams are now available as part of the Streams API for processing streams of data, while providing a standard abstraction for writing streaming data to a sink with built-in backpressure and queuing. The Streams API has been expanded with the ability to pipe between ReadableStreams and WritableStreams via the pipeTo() and pipeThrough() methods, allowing easier consumption of streaming data. Developers can now use the getInstalledRelatedApps function to smartly consolidate push notifications between related web and native apps by suggesting when and on which platform to offer them. The Image Capture API now allows sites to take higher resolution images than before, providing full control over camera settings such as zoom, ISO, and white balance. To provide enhanced privacy, CSS stylesheets can now specify their own referrer policy via the HTTP header, rather than always inheriting the referrer policy of the document that originally referenced it. To avoid over-prompting users, Chrome will now temporarily stop an origin from requesting a permission following the third dismissal of that permission request. Touch events are now aligned to requestAnimationFrame, ensuring that input is processed as part of the document lifecycle and creating a more efficient and adaptive input response. The new worker-src Content Security Policy directive restricts which URLs may be loaded as a Worker, SharedWorker, or ServiceWorker. Deprecations and interoperability improvements The <dialog> element has changed from display: inline to block by default to better align with the spec. Following removal from the Media Queries spec, support for hover: on-demand and any-hover: on-demand media queries have been removed. To better align with spec and help avoid race conditions, decodeAudioData now detaches the given ArrayBuffer before decoding, removing all content from the object and making it unable to be reused or examined. To increase security, Chrome no longers supports requesting notification permission over HTTP. The -internal-media-controls-cast-button CSS selector has been removed in favor of the Remote Playback API. The -internal-media-controls-text-track-list* CSS selectors have been removed in favor of custom-built video controls. The SVGTests.requiredFeatures attribute has been deprecated following its removal from the spec. initDeviceMotionEvent() and initDeviceOrientationEvent() were removed in favor of DeviceOrientationEvent() and  DeviceMotionEvent(), following a spec trend of moving away from initialization functions and toward constructors. To preserve consistency across browsers, the sample property will now be included in a violation report (and associated SecurityPolicyViolationEvent object) if a report-sample expression is present in the violated directive. To increase security, Chrome will now block requests for subresources that contain embedded credentials, and instead handle them as network errors. To increase security, Chrome will now block requests from HTTP/HTTPS documents to ftp: URLs. To preserve consistency across browsers, injecting JavaScript via AppleScript is longer supported in Chrome for Mac. The ability to call Notification.requestPermission() from non-main frames has been deprecated to align the requirements for notification permission with requirements for push notifications, and ease friction for developers. Support for Shared Dictionary Compression (SDCH) has been disabled until a stable API has been standardized. Versienummer 59.0.3071.86 Releasestatus Final Besturingssystemen Windows 7, Linux, macOS, Windows 8, Windows 10 Website Google Download https://www.google.com/chrome/browser/desktop/index.html Licentietype GPL Reacties (12) Delen Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Vorige download Volgende download Update-historie 06-06 Google Chrome 59.0.3071.86 20-04 Google Chrome 58.0.3029.81 10-03 Google Chrome 57.0.2987.98 26-01 Google Chrome 56.0.2924.76 02-12 Google Chrome 55.0.2883.75 13-10 Google Chrome 54.0.2840.59 03-09 Google Chrome 53.0.2785.89 05-'16 Google Chrome 51.0.2704.63 04-'16 Google Chrome 50.0.2661.75 03-'16 Google Chrome 49.0.2623.108 Meer historie Browsers Gerelateerde producten Google Chrome geen prijs bekend Moderatie-faq• Wijzig weergave Sorteer op: Kwaliteit - beste threads eerst Kwaliteit - slechtste threads eerst Tijd - oudste threads eerst Tijd - nieuwste threads eerst Weergave: Threaded Plat Reacties (12) -112012+16+22+30Ongemodereerd4 +2 CriticalHit_NL 6 juni 2017 19:47 En als er iemand een hekel heeft aan het nieuwe instellingen scherm, navigeer naar de volgende URL en zet het op Disabled: chrome://flags/#enable-md-settings Edit: Lifehack tip Als je een screenshot wilt maken van een volledige pagina zonder een extensie hiervoor te hoeven installeren, doe het volgende: Druk op F12 om de developer console te openen. Druk in: CTRL+SHIFT+P Typ in de zoekbalk: capture. Klik op 'Capture full size screenshot'.Het screenshot zal dan worden opgeslagen. [Reactie gewijzigd door CriticalHit_NL op 8 juni 2017 00:38] Reageer +1 TetsuoShima @CriticalHit_NL • 6 juni 2017 20:57 Goed om te weten in geval van nood, de instellingen om nieuwe 'vaste' functionaliteit uit te schakelen hebben echter de neiging om een aantal versies later te verdwijnen of niet meer te werken. Ik moet zeggen dat ik vind dat de UX/UI van Chrome meer en meer richting domme massa en smartphone layout gaat. Na het zien van deze laatste update ben ik blij dat ik reeds jaren geleden ben overgestapt naar een meer power-user oriented en meer desktop friendly browser, bij mij is de druppel van het dumbing down reeds ergens bij de een of andere versie tussen de 30 en 40 overgelopen. Er zijn inmiddels zat alternatieven voor Chrome die ook nog eens 99.9% compatibel zijn wegens zelfde browser core maar stukken betere UI/UX voor de desktop power user. Reageer 0 CriticalHit_NL @TetsuoShima • 6 juni 2017 23:04 Ja ik kan je daar denk ik geen ongelijk in geven, en inderdaad, de switch zal hoogstwaarschijnlijk in de toekomst verdwijnen. Reageer 0 ard-e @CriticalHit_NL • 7 juni 2017 08:35 dank voor deze info, die nieuwe vind ik nog niet echt een verbetering, vooral als je op wachtwoorden wilt gaan zoeken, dan klik je, je suf. Reageer 0 mixp @CriticalHit_NL • 8 juni 2017 00:22 Nice, ik gebruik altijd AwesomeScreenshot, Caputure tool, ik meen ook van Google, maar die scroll bij het maken van de screenshot mee met de pagina, en bij het aan elkaar stitchen van de delen is er soms een vreemde overlapping (ik vermoed door het werken van negatieve margins). Jouw caputure optie lijkt dat beter te doen Reageer +1 Loller1 Browsers Google Chrome 6 juni 2017 18:20 Native notifications on macOSEnig idee of dit ook naar Windows komt? Windows heeft ondertussen al 2 jaar rich notiifcations maar vroeger zij Google dat het notificatiesysteem van besturingssystemen altijd ondergeschikt zou zijn en dat Windows, Mac OS en Linux dus altijd Chrome's eigen notificatiesysteem zouden blijven gebruiken. Reageer +2 dherre65 @Loller1 • 6 juni 2017 19:24 Zou wel erg mooi zijn! Het blijft gissen, maar hier hebben ze het over 'in the works', en het feit dat ze mac OS nu ondersteunen doet daar natuurlijk niet aan af. Reageer +1 Bosmonster 6 juni 2017 18:26 Eindelijk af van PhantomJS! Die ontwikkelaar is er ook gelijk mee gestopt na de aankondiging van een headless modus in Chrome. Reageer 0 nopcode @Bosmonster • 6 juni 2017 18:39 Je moet voor verschillende features nog wel steeds xvfb gebruiken. Reageer +1 R4gnax 6 juni 2017 19:19 En op de zaak bij ons is meteen al een bug gevonden (en ingeschoten via de ingebouwde reporting tool) met betrekking tot corrupte paint surfaces. En dan bedoel ik echt corrupt; als in: bepaalde delen van paint layers uit een totaal ander segment v/d pagina die verschijnen op plekken waar andere layers intgetekend zouden moeten worden. Smaakt naar wat verkeerd ingedeelde gedeelde bitmap segmenten. Blij dat ik privé geen Chrome gebruik. [Reactie gewijzigd door R4gnax op 6 juni 2017 19:22] Reageer 0 mutley69 6 juni 2017 20:24 Gezien de voornemens rond ad-blocking die me absoluut niet aanstaan - zal er geen chrome of chromium meer gebruikt worden. Pijnlijk maar waar. U doet daar uiteraard mee wat u wil - maar ik kan me niet ontdoen van het idee dat dit iets is waar een antitrust-vervolging door de EU het minste is wat men kan doen (ook wat Microsoft vs. Kasperski betreft - sta ik aan de kant van Kasperski - wat microsoft daar aan't bekokstoven is, hebben ze ooit nog gedaan - zie de wordperfect-documenten en u weet wat ik bedoel)... Die uitleg bestaat - u moet 't maar lezen als u wil commentaar schrijven die ergens op slaat. Reageer 0 erikmeuk3 @mutley69 • 7 juni 2017 08:54 Het is nog steeds een wazige aankondiging van Google. Het heeft ook geen betrekking op deze versie. Bron: https://www.wsj.com/artic...chrome-browser-1492643233 Reageer Om te kunnen reageren moet je ingelogd zijn Reactie formulier Reageer: HDi Dune 170519_1350_r11 bèta PacketFence 7.1.0 Nintendo Switch Samsung Galaxy S8+ LG W7 Samsung Galaxy S8 Google Pixel 2 Sony Bravia A1 OLED Microsoft Xbox One (Scorpio) Apple iPhone 8 Adverteren Contact Weergaveopties Over Tweakers Jouw privacy Algemene voorwaarden Cookies Volg @tweakers Like Tweakers Rss-feeds © 1998 - 2017 de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Tweakers vormt samen met o.a. Autotrack en Carsom.nl de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Hosting door True
lifehacker Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video Skillet Two Cents Vitals Offspring Apps Protect Your Data By Using Single Sign-On Whenever Possible  Patrick Lucas AustinTuesday 12:50pm Filed to: Security Social Networks 12 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink Image credit: fouseyboy No company, be it a startup or a conglomerate, has a perfect security system. Chipotle’s payment system was hacked, OneLogin experienced a data breach, and even Google had a run in with a bad phishing exploit that left thousands of account compromised from a shared document. In other words, I’m wary about giving any info to companies that don’t have a track record of keeping it safe. This is just to say all security is hard, and you should get into the habit of keeping your login information secure. Often that means not making a login in the first place. That’s where single sign-on services come in. Not only are they more secure than a normal username and password combo, you’ll have to less login information to manage in the long run. In short, single sign-on (SSO) services act as your username and password on supported websites, with your primary account (from Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc) acting as your account. One-Stop Security Check Using a secure single sign-on service provided by Facebook, Google, Twitter, and Microsoft—among others—provides a second level of security, more than you’ll get from your run-of-the-mill site collecting user login data and storing it in less than ideal places, or with poor encryption standards. Advertisement Two-factor authentication is an added layer of security you should be using whenever possible. It prevents bad actors who gain access to your username and password from getting further into your account without a secondary form of identification—usually a text message from a phone or a randomly generated code from an authentication app. If a site doesn’t support two-factor authentication or single sign-on, be wary. Use a password manager (of course) to create a convoluted password, and if you’re extra cautious, use a false email address (or one of the many email addresses provided by Gmail). You Know What Data They Want With single sign-on services, sites are required to tell you about the data they’re taking and why. Just like installing an app may prompt you to give microphone or contact access to it, using a single sign-on service will prompt the site to request data like your email or contact list, or the ability to post to social sites on your behalf, and usually let you accept or reject them. Sponsored Services that request access to private data (like newsletter subscription services) do have the ability to take said data and deliver it to third parties, possibly without your knowledge. Yes, they’re usually long, but you should read the site’s privacy policy to see what data they collect and what exactly they do with said data. If that happens, cutting them off is easier with a single sign-on service. Cut Them Off With a Click The killer feature of using a single sign-on provider is the ease with which you can revoke access to data, usually with just a few clicks. Ever try to cancel an account on some humdrum site? For me it usually means deciding to cancel your account only to be taken to a support page on a forum that tells you cancelling your account means emailing the customer support team, creating a ticket, making sure it gets deleted, not logging in to double-check it’s gone due to the chance you may reactivate it, and hoping your data is destroyed in a timely fashion (it usually isn’t). Unroll.me, the Email Unsubscription Service, Has Been Collecting and Selling Your Data Yesterday, The New York Times went deep into some of Uber’s shady business practices. In the…Read more Of course, using a single sign-on service gives companies access to information they may not normally be privy to, but the convenience of managing your sign-ins from fewer locations coupled with the increased security you’ll have when using single, secure sign-on services like Google or Facebook means you can more easily find and delete the offender. No More Passwords Your password manager is a great repository for storing passwords, personal information, and other bits of detritus you’d rather get out of your head (like your library card number). Advertisement Your password security is only as strong as its weakest link. If you don’t keep your passwords up to date, or if you make the error of reusing them on multiple sites, you’re creating security holes that could be easily filled with something like a password manager. But the best part of throwing your hands up in defeat and using a single sign-on provider like Google or Facebook? No. More. Passwords! Well, you’ll have to know your Google and Facebook passwords, but other than that, any site using your single sign-on system won’t require you to create another string of text and numbers to remember (or remember to generate and save). A single sign-on service isn’t immune to attackers, of course. In addition to following steps outlined by your sign-on provider, you can further protect yourself from malicious attacks by using two-factor authentication, keeping your secondary contact information (like your alternate email) up to date, and having a hard copy backup code. Recommended Stories How to Learn to Drive When You Don't Own a Car How to Keep Your Data Safe When Traveling Abroad Apple Just Added One More Way to Repay Your Friends Patrick Lucas Austin @patbits Reply12 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Lifehacker NSA Leaker Outed Thanks to Modern Printer Technology   Tuesday 2:00pm Lifehacker Getting Things Done, Ten Years In Tuesday 9:00am Lifehacker In Defense of Saying "BRB" Out Loud Tuesday 1:30pm Recent from Patrick Lucas Austin 7 14.8K Lifehacker · Patrick Lucas Austin How to Save Storage Space on iOS 11 Yesterday 4:30pm 130 78.3K Lifehacker · Patrick Lucas Austin How Apple's New Speaker Compares to Sonos and Echo Tuesday 6:00pm 308 100.3K Lifehacker · Patrick Lucas Austin NSA Leaker Outed Thanks to Modern Printer Technology   Tuesday 2:00pm Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Lifehacker Store Redirecting to the Lifehacker store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
Google Capture the Flag 2017   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Security Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! The Programmers Guide To React Public Key Encryption jQuery 3 - Implementing Promises The Working Programmer's Guide To Language Paradigms Perlito - 4 Years On Parentheses Are Trees Asynchronous Code In JavaScript Principles Of MP3 Scapegoating Encryption In Praise of Skeuomorphy jQuery 3 - Using Events Information Theory Insider's Guide To Udacity Android Developer Nanodegree Part 2 Towers Of Hanoi Mutants jQuery UI and Auto-Complete Address Entry New Book Reviews! Front-End Web Development Speaking JavaScript Building Software Teams Java in 24 Hours (7e) Hadoop in 24 Hours Joe Celko’s SQL for Smarties Advanced SQL Programming 5th Ed CSS3 Pocket Primer Core Java for the Impatient Web Development with Clojure Beautiful Code: Leading Programmers Explain How They Think OpenGL Programming Guide Learn to Program with Scratch Linux System Programming, 2nd Ed Professional Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Reporting Services and Mobile Reports Learning Web App Development Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function Google Capture the Flag 2017 Written by Sue Gee    Tuesday, 06 June 2017 Google has announced a Capture the Flag contest with an online qualification round lasting 48 hours taking place on June 17th and 18th. The top ten finalist teams will be invited to Google to compete onsite for a prize pool of $31,337.     This is the second CTF Google has run alongside its established Vulnerability Reward program. The announcement of the 2017 contest explains that the challenges included in the contest allows Google to: share with the world the types of problems our security team works on every day. The post outlines three reasons for running this type of competition: Give people who solve a single challenge or two in a very clever way a chance to teach us and the security community Engage the broader security community and reach out to as many people involved as possible Grow the security community Josh Armour, Google's Security Program Manager writes: Upon observing how last year's competition engaged new players from all over the world, we want to continue to create a safe space for people to come and learn while trying to solve challenges and having fun. Our internal security team employs several people who actively compete in CTF competitions in their spare time, so we value this activity and want to give back to and help grow our community. The contest, which is open to those aged at least 18 or age of majority in country of residence across the world with the usual exceptions of f Brazil, Quebec, Cuba, Iran, Syria, North Korea, Sudan and Crimea. For the full rules go to https://capturetheflag.withgoogle.com/rules. It has two stages the online qualification round from which  finalists will be selected to compete in another exercise that will be held on-site at a Google office. For this event 4 members of each of the top 10 teams will be flown at Google's expense. There are two ways for participants to achieve rewards from the challenges set in the qualification round: Submitting written challenge solution descriptions ("write-ups"). Google will select 21 of the best submissions and give them a reward of $100 per write-up. In addition 11 of the most creative solutions will gain a reward of $500 per write-up. Earning points for solving challenges within the Contest time period teams earning the most points will qualify to participate in a final round contest where the following cash awards will be made to the winners 1st  $13,337 USD 2nd $7,331 USD 3rd  $3,133.7 USD   Over 2,400 teams took part in last year's first annual Capture the Flag contest and 900 were able to solve at least one of the challenges. The accumulation of points by the top 10 teams was as shown in this timeline and the event was won by a team called Pasten from Israel, which earned over 4,700 points: (click in chart for larger version)   You can see the full scoreboard for teams that solved at least one challenge in the 2016 contest on CTF Time, where you can also read write ups of its challenges.     More Information Announcing Google Capture the Flag 2017 Google Vulnerability Reward Program Related Articles Carnegie Mellon CyLab Challenge: Learn Hacking At School Google Increases Android Bug Rewards Google Increases Maximum Bounty For Chrome Bugs Google Extends Patch Reward Google Offers Cash For Security Patches Google Announces More Cash For Security Bugs UK Initiative To Increase Pool Of Cyber Security Professionals   To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter, subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin.  Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator Reaches Preview 23/05/2017 An accelerator for Amazon DynamoDB has been released in a public preview. The accelerator, called DAX, is a fully managed caching service that sits in front of your DynamoDB table to improve the perfo [ ... ] + Full Story Chrome Declared Winner 02/06/2017 As another month closes and new stats become available we take another look at browser market shares from StatCounter Global Stats and reflect on a recent blog posts from Mozilla and fr [ ... ] + Full Story More News Apache Spark MapR Connector Provides JSON Support Windows Source Now In A GIT Repository Google Assistant Prepares For Dominance JSON Feed - The New RSS? AWS and Ionic Team Up In Starter Project Apple Updates - What Developers Need to Know Amazon Echo Show - Voice Done Right Android Studio 3 Virtual Lorenz Machine Honors Bill Tutte EU Cookie Law Is A Flop Microsoft Cognitive Toolkit Version 2.0 Graphcool Eases Your Way Into GraphQL AlphaGo Triumphs In China       Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Last Updated ( Tuesday, 06 June 2017 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2017 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Apple HomePod revealed as rival to Amazon Echo & Google Home Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing AWS Greengrass builds on IoT & Lambda to support new cloud services Apple HomePod revealed as rival to Amazon Echo & Google Home Who does your customer want to speak to? Helen Mirren, Tom Hardy and Ewan McGregor top the bill UFC grapples with virtual reality in Samsung tie-up Qualcomm patent issued for ‘The Internet of Shoes’ From AI to VR, the biggest announcements from Google IO HPE pushes IoT innovations with new Edgeline systems Intel goes for the X-factor with 18-core i9 CPU Ocado taps Kubernetes to deliver open source software for smart factories It’s time to invent a bold new future for the UK 5G – A building block for the smarter city IoT 2.0 – making connected technology more valuable Microsoft adds a Spark to Machine Learning Library for data scientists BP fuels AI startup with $20 million investment ServiceNow CIO: Automation, Automation, Automation Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Amazon terminates unlimited cloud storage option for Drive Microsoft’s cloud boss on not being unhackable and learning from AWS MapR embraces cloud storage for file management & containers Microsoft’s cloud boss on not being unhackable and learning from AWS MapR embraces cloud storage for file management & containers Lloyds Bank signs cloud mega deal with IBM Microsoft’s cloud boss on not being unhackable and learning from AWS VMware vRealize updates target value for money from hybrid cloud investments HPE introduces silicon-based security to Gen 10 ProLiant servers Amazon terminates unlimited cloud storage option for Drive AWS Greengrass builds on IoT & Lambda to support new cloud services Microsoft’s cloud boss on not being unhackable and learning from AWS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Kaspersky files anti-trust complaint against Microsoft Cyber security skills shortage to hit 1.8 million by 2022 OneLogin data breach: Encrypted info at risk following hack on password manager Microsoft’s cloud boss on not being unhackable and learning from AWS Kaspersky files anti-trust complaint against Microsoft Malware awareness isn’t enough as Crime-as-a-Service threatens to overwhelm businesses Juniper Networks enhances SDSN platform for advanced cloud security UK data breach fines double to £3.2m as GDPR looms on the horizon IBM, Cisco team up to fight cyber crime across networks and cloud Kaspersky files anti-trust complaint against Microsoft The Ultimate GDPR Checklist: 8 Things Everyone Needs to Do Before May 2018 UK General Election hacked – 80% think it could happen Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Apple iPhone 8, MacBook & smart glasses details leaked on Reddit 5G – A building block for the smarter city London tube maps connected future with TfL 4G plans Samsung bixby patent hints at smartspeaker to rival Amazon and Google Best browser for Android Best Keyboard for Android Samsung in the market for more software & services acquisitions Spotify acquires AI startup to compete with Apple Music Uber Freight starts its long haul journey 5G – A building block for the smarter city London tube maps connected future with TfL 4G plans Cisco axes over 1,000 jobs as stocks fall and revenue slides HP laptops could have been keylogging since 2015 Microsoft Windows 10 updates to be released twice yearly 5 ways to adapt your mobile security strategy for IoT Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular HPE introduces silicon-based security to Gen 10 ProLiant servers Ocado taps Kubernetes to deliver open source software for smart factories Capita data centre outage knocks out multiple services Nvidia gives hyperscale data centres a starter recipe for AI Cloud adoption Capita data centre outage knocks out multiple services Europe’s major data centres boost Q1 2017 colo take-up by 27% The big data centre rip off: Majority of cooling equipment not effective Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Accelerated computing in data centre driven by AI, says Nvidia Huawei & Global Switch drive O&M efficiency with new modular data centres plan Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Big Data Analytics MapR embraces cloud storage for file management & containers UK public objects to personal data use by political parties Using Data Gravity to Accelerate your Business Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation HPE sales, revenues, profits decline – but it’s all part of the plan, says CEO Meg Whitman Intel’s Thunderbolt 3-for-all adds USB-C to all CPUs How Veeam is targeting a seamless digital life experience The New Definition of Value in Enterprise IT Does the Enterprise Agreement have a future? HPE pushes IoT innovations with new Edgeline systems HPE introduces silicon-based security to Gen 10 ProLiant servers HPE sales, revenues, profits decline – but it’s all part of the plan, says CEO Meg Whitman Intel goes for the X-factor with 18-core i9 CPU Microsoft adds a Spark to Machine Learning Library for data scientists Google targets enterprise with Chrome bundle for IT admins AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications Does the Enterprise Agreement have a future? HPE pushes IoT innovations with new Edgeline systems Green Party wins General Election…for digital performance VMware vRealize updates target value for money from hybrid cloud investments AI, VR and blockchain to factor in the future of applications VMware brings DaaS to Microsoft Azure with Horizon Cloud Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Apple iPhone 8, MacBook & smart glasses details leaked on Reddit HPE pushes IoT innovations with new Edgeline systems Internet of Things Back to Home Apple HomePod revealed as rival to Amazon Echo & Google Home Increase / Decrease text size Hannah Williams   - Reporter 6th June 2017 Add to favorites Apple’s HomePod smart speaker has been delivered in competition with rivals Amazon & Google, using Siri voice assistant to work with Apple Music. Apple has elevated Siri from the phone to the home with the launch of its new HomePod smart speaker, unveiled at WWDC 2017. The new Apple HomePod appears to be the technology company’s own version of Amazon Echo and Google Home, with similar voice assistant features to Amazon’s Alexa. Although Apple has had Siri on its iPhones for years, for it to appear in smart home speakers stands as the company’s first move of developing a new technology to meet customer demand. Geoff Blaber, VP Research Americas, CCS Insight said: “It is little surprise that Apple has decided to launch a smart speaker. It can’t afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people’s homes to Amazon, Google and others as access to content, information and search becomes pervasive and less dependent on the smartphone.” HomePod is designed to work with an Apple Music subscription, providing access to over 40 million songs. It features spatial awareness which enables it to sense its surroundings and adjust the audio automatically. Read more: Make your own Echo as Amazon releases Raspeberry Pi Alexa guide It also includes a large Apple-designed woofer for deep bass, a selection of seven tweeters that offer high-frequency acoustics with directional control and powerful technologies. HomePod’s voice control features are delivered using six microphones which also in support of Apple Music users can respond with “Hey Siri, I like this song,” and other responses. In comparison to Amazon’s Alexa, users may notice Siri’s lack of capabilities as wider features such as being able to make orders using voice control have not yet been added. However, Apple may soon change this with expected plans to pair Siri with a wider range of apps, according to Reuters. Blaber said: “Apple’s HomePod speaker casts fresh focus on Siri and will draw inevitable comparisons with the AI smarts of Amazon, Baidu, Google and others. This is the product that will measure Apple’s progress and whether its stance on privacy hinders its machine learning endeavours. “As the iPhone reaches a point of near saturation in mature markets and replacement rates continue to slow, Apple must find new ways to lock in users. Adding a smart speaker into people’s homes creates a further touch point for consumers and a valuable gateway to Apple services. With over 165 million subscriptions to Apple services and quarterly revenue of $7 billion, this is an important priority for growth.” HomePod will be made publicly available from December 2017 in the US, UK and Australia for $349.   Tags Amazon Echo Apple google home Homepage News List Siri Previous ArticleStep forward for server security Next ArticleJuniper Networks enhances SDSN platform for advanced cloud security Most read Bluewolf taps Einstein & Watson to bring AI to telecoms Ellie Burns 1st June 2017 UK General Election hacked – 80% think it could happen Ellie Burns 1st June 2017 Cisco Enterprise Agreement revolutionises software licensing James Nunns 31st May 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Editor’s Pick OneLogin data breach: Encrypted info at risk following hack on password manager Ellie Burns 1st June 2017 Red Hat CEO on being an open source zealot James Nunns 31st May 2017 IBM, Cisco team up to fight cyber crime across networks and cloud Ellie Burns 31st May 2017 Related News Internet of Things AWS Greengrass builds on IoT & Lambda to support new cloud services Hannah Williams 8th June 2017 Markets Who does your customer want to speak to? Helen Mirren, Tom Hardy and Ewan McGregor top the bill Ellie Burns 1st June 2017 UFC grapples with virtual reality in Samsung tie-up Ellie Burns 30th May 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Qualcomm patent issued for ‘The Internet of Shoes’ Joe Clark 19th May 2017 4th Revolution Report: Automation boosts revenues 15% and creates, not steals, jobs Ellie Burns 10th May 2017 4th Revolution Self driving car push by Intel sees BMW tie-up and Autonomous Driving Garage Joe Clark 4th May 2017 Latest in Analysis The CEO’s Guide to Data Security – Protect your data through innovation Ellie Burns 3rd May 2017 Why a 3D David Attenborough points to a Planet Earth driven by virtual customer experience Ellie Burns 20th April 2017 Exploring Antarctica with Eugene Kaspersky: From art and penguins, to the Glaciator robot Ellie Burns 18th April 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Top 30 Under 30 in Cloud 1 month ago Amazon terminates unlimited cloud storage option for Drive 16 mins ago AWS Greengrass builds on IoT & Lambda to support new cloud services 17 mins ago Microsoft adds a Spark to Machine Learning Library for data scientists 5 hours ago BP fuels AI startup with $20 million investment 5 hours ago Computing at the edge and IoT 5 hours ago Microsoft’s cloud boss on not being unhackable and learning from AWS 5 hours ago Amazon to offer even more small business loans in the UK 6 hours ago Hyperloop One reveals plan to create 50 minute London-Edinburgh commute 22 hours ago The New Definition of Value in Enterprise IT 23 hours ago Fintech50: London retains crown as fintech capital of Europe 23 hours ago Does the Enterprise Agreement have a future? 23 hours ago Server revenues decline despite hyperscale data centre growth 24 hours ago MapR embraces cloud storage for file management & containers 1 day ago Software development models are changing businesses 1 day ago HPE pushes IoT innovations with new Edgeline systems 1 day ago Green Party wins General Election…for digital performance 1 day ago
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Events Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Ouch... WSJ's Google traffic down 44% after dropping First Click Free Featured Snippets SEO primer: How to rank for 'position 0' in 3 simple steps Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Beginners’ guide to Bing Ads management Considering advertising on Bing but not sure where to start? Columnist John Lincoln provides a handy guide for PPC newbies looking to get started with Bing Ads. John E Lincoln on June 6, 2017 at 10:32 am More You’re in business to reach as many people in your target market as you can, right? That means you should explore a variety of marketing channels. One of those channels is Bing Ads. Bing often gets a bad rap because it’s viewed as “the other search engine.” That doesn’t mean that it doesn’t have any users, though. Currently, Bing takes about 7 percent of the worldwide search engine market share, including over 20 percent of US desktop search market share. That’s a lot of market share you’re throwing away if you ignore it. The good news, though, is that you don’t have to ignore it. Bing offers its own pay-per-click (PPC) marketing service that’s very similar to Google AdWords. Here’s what you need to know about running ads on Bing. Note: This is a beginners’ guide; it is meant for people doing Bing pay-per-click for the first time.  Starting is easy: Just create an account Before you can start running ads on Bing, you’ll first need to create an account. Fortunately, that’s pretty easy to do. Just head over to Bing Ads and click the “Sign Up Now” button. You’ll go through a process of creating an account that’s fairly familiar to you. Once you’re done, Bing offers you a big, fat present. No, it’s not free ads. It’s the opportunity to import your existing AdWords campaigns from Google. How’s that for customer service? You won’t even have to recreate campaigns that you’ve run successfully on AdWords. If you’re completely new to PPC, though, you’ll have to create a campaign from scratch. Don’t worry, that’s fairly easy as well. (More info on that below.) Performing keyword research Great PPC campaigns are like great search engine optimization (SEO) campaigns in this way: they’re keyword-driven. Think about how people search for information online. They enter keywords into a search engine and then view the results. You’ll want to advertise to people who search for keywords relevant to your niche. So, for example, if you’re selling low-priced blue jeans, you want to advertise to people who search for “discount blue jeans” or “buy blue jeans” or “cheap blue jeans.” That way, you’ll promote your brand to people who have intent to make a purchase. That’s an important point to consider. While you might be tempted to offer up an ad to people who are searching for “blue jeans,” that keyword carries no intent to purchase. They might just be searching for fashion tips. The Bing Keyword Research tool Just like AdWords, Bing offers its own keyword research tool. Once you’re logged into Bing Ads, you can access it by clicking on “Research Keywords” under the “Tools” menu at the top. On the screen that appears, you can provide an initial keyword relevant to your niche. Remember, use a keyword that carries commercial intent. You have the option to further refine your audience by selecting some “Advanced targeting options.” You can select options such as the user’s language, country/region and device. As a rule of thumb, start by defining your audience as narrowly as possible. That will save you money on clicks from people who aren’t really interested in what you’re offering. You can always broaden it from there. Bing Ads also gives you the option to find keywords by entering in a website URL. If you go that route, just enter your landing page URL, and Bing will collect relevant keywords from that page. Once you’re done entering your search criteria, Bing Ads will present you with matching keywords, along with data on how many times each keyword was searched for last month, the number of clicks it received, the click-through rate (CTR) and the average cost per click (CPC). All of that information is important to you, but the last metric, CPC, tells you how much you can expect to pay every time somebody clicks on one of your ads. And remember: narrow targeting is best. You might see a keyword in your list that got 30,000 searches last month, but that doesn’t mean it’s best for your brand. It’s possible that a keyword with only 1,000 searches last month will get you more clicks and a better return on investment. The Keyword Planner Bing also offers a Keyword Planner tool that’s very similar to the tool of the same name in Google AdWords. In fact, if you’ve already used the Google AdWords Keyword Planner tool, then you should be able to pick up the Bing Ads Keyword Planner tool very quickly. Once again, you’ll enter a keyword with commercial intent. Then, you’ll click the “Get Suggestions” button. Instead of just showing matching keywords by default, Bing Ads will show you Ad Groups that you can use to find keywords relevant to your campaign. You can also click the “Keyword Suggestions” tab and see information similar to what we looked at above. Bing Ads also displays a bar graph that shows you monthly searches for the keyword over the last 12 months. Creating a campaign Now that you’ve gathered some keywords related to your brand, it’s time launch a campaign. To do that, head back over to the dashboard and click on the “Create Your 1st Campaign” button. You’ll arrive on a new screen where you enter campaign information. The first thing you’ll do is give your campaign a name. Often, you’ll name a campaign after a products category (e.g., “shoes”) or a promotional theme (e.g., “holiday promotions”). Next, select the time zone relevant to the campaign. This should be the time zone where your target customers live. If your target audience is national or international, it may just be easiest to select your own time zone. After that, you’ll set a campaign budget. That’s the most you’ll spend during a given time frame on your campaign. For example, if you set a budget of $10 per day, then Bing Ads will stop running your ads once you’ve spent that $10 for the day. Your ads will resume on the following day, when your spend amount resets to $0. Next, you select the language that you want your customers to speak and the locations where you want your ad to run. Remember: narrow targeting is generally best. Writing the ads After you’ve entered your targeting and budget info, it’s time to start writing the ads themselves. Although Bing Ads makes it easy to enter ad text, it’s probably the hardest thing you’ll do. Why? Because you need to write ad copy that sells. Simply put, there aren’t too many people who know how to do that. If you’re not confident that you can produce compelling ad copy, then you should consider hiring someone who can. Although you’ll spend more money, you’ll almost certainly waste money if you try to “wing it” with writing ads. Your ad copy is composed of two parts: the ad title and the ad text. You’re limited on character counts for both, so you have to say what you want to say in just a few words. (That’s another good reason to hire a professional.) Your ad title will stand out in large, bold letters. That should be an attention-grabber. The ad text explains the title in a little more detail. It should seal the deal by convincing people to click on your link. Assigning keywords, match types & bids Once you’re done writing your ads, it’s time to select which keywords you want to associate with each ad. Fortunately, you’ve already done your keyword research in a previous step. Now, you just need to add those keywords in the big box. Then, click the “Add” button at the bottom. Of course, it isn’t quite that simple. Bing Ads also gives you the option to determine how the keyword you’ve selected matches on a search. The options are as follows: Broad match — Search queries that contain your keyword or concepts related to your keyword Broad match modifier — Close variations of your keyword based on a modifier you provide. For example, if you enter “+red flower” as the keyword, then Bing Ads will match on “red flower” and “red rose” but not on “yellow flower.” Phrase match — Search queries that contain the same words in your keyword, in the same order, even if other words are used Exact match — Search queries that match the keyword exactly Negative match — Search queries that won’t trigger your ad In my opinion, for PPC beginners starting out fresh, “Exact match” is typically the best option. You won’t cast as wide a net, but you’ll also avoid paying for clicks that are irrelevant and don’t contribute to your bottom line. Keep in mind that different match types can cost you a different amount per click, so be sure to pay attention to the CPC. When you enter a keyword, you also have the option to bid an amount for that keyword. Fortunately, Bing will provide you with a suggested amount to bid. You can bid lower than the suggested bid, of course, but that means your ad might not show up very often (if at all). If you bid higher, your ad will probably show up more often, but you’ll eat into your return. You can also select where you want your ad to appear. Of course, the more prominently you want to display your ad, the more money you’ll spend. You’re dealing with supply and demand here. Other settings Once you’ve set up your keywords, it’s time to select a few other settings. The first thing you’ll want to look at is “Advanced targeting options.” There, you can set demographic info and establish a schedule for your ads. Pro tip: Depending on your product(s)/service(s), consider running your ad when it’s not business hours in your time zone. That’s because people who are surfing the internet at work aren’t likely to whip out a credit card and make a purchase in their own cubicle. Instead, try to market to people when they’re home, during non-business hours and on weekends. The success of this all depends on the type of business you are in. You also have the opportunity to decide where you want your ads to run. You might want to run them exclusively on Microsoft properties, or perhaps you want them to appear on Microsoft search partners’ sites as well. That’s something you may want to experiment with. When you’re done with the other settings, click the “Save and add payment” button. You’ll go through another familiar (although not enjoyable) process of entering payment info. Don’t be impatient Once you’ve launched your Bing Ads campaign, you might be tempted to check on its status after a couple of hours. Don’t be surprised if you don’t see any activity. Sometimes, it takes Bing Ads a while to update its stats. It’s best to wait a full day before checking on anything. Even after a full day, though, you’re not likely to get a good overview of how well your ad is performing. Give it some time to see how searchers are responding to it. Once you’ve given it some time, then you need to start running tests. Display a couple of different ads with different copy, and see which one gives you the best CTR. Also, run ads with different targeting techniques to determine which audience gives you the best ROI. No PPC campaign is complete without testing. You must run tests to determine what’s working and, more importantly, what’s not working. You’ll probably also find that, over time, you need to start adding negative keywords. Those are the keywords that will prevent your ad from appearing. It’s perfectly normal to have several negative keywords per campaign. Get started now If you’ve got money to spend on online advertising, it’s a good idea to add Bing Ads to the list of services you use. You’ll reach people who, for whatever reason, aren’t using Google for their online searches. You can also target your audience by keywords and demographics so that you can narrowly define your target market. Bing Ads is a great way to reach people you haven’t reached yet. Why not set up a campaign today? Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author John E Lincoln John Lincoln is CEO of Ignite Visibility, a digital marketing teacher at the University of California San Diego and author of the book Digital Influencer, A Guide to Achieving Influencer Status Online. Throughout his career, Lincoln has worked with hundreds of websites, ranging from start-ups to household names, and has won awards in SEO, CRO, analytics and Social Media. In the media, Lincoln has been featured on sites such as Forbes, Entrepreneur Magazine, Inc. Magazine, CIO magazine and more. Popular Stories The AdWords 2017 roadmap is loaded with artificial intelligence Google has officially rolled out a new tab-based local panel with quick access to reviews Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know Related Topics BingBing AdsChannel: SEMHow ToHow To: PPCPaid Search ColumnSearch AdsSearch Ads: GeneralSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 12-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events SMX Advanced is Back! Attend the only advanced search marketing conference this year. Lock in best rates by June 11. Register today! White Papers How to Create Agile Content for Your Brand How to Create Content at Scale with Limited Budgets 9 Pitfalls to Scaling Enterprise Content and How to Avoid Them 5 Ways to Fail at Marketing to Tech Users The Content Marketing Maturity Map See More Whitepapers Webinars Baby Come Back! How to Grow Customer Revenue with People-Based Search Marketing Mobile Marketing vs. In-Store Sales: Help! What’s the Correlation? New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Apple plans to kill Safari’s autoplay feature Apple plans to kill Safari’s autoplay feature Posted on Tuesday, June 6, 2017 by CNN in Business News Is this the beginning of the end of autoplay? You know those pesky, annoying videos that automatically start playing when you open up a new web page, causing you to mute your computer and search feverishly for the pause button, or just close the browser altogether? Or, even worse, those intrusive pop-up ads that block the page and force you to wait for 10 or 15 interminable seconds before you actually get to see the web page at all? Those may soon be a thing of the past. Apple on Monday announced a new feature to block autoplay videos on its next iteration of the Safari web browser. The upcoming version will also disable trackers that allow advertisers to monitor user activity for targeted ads. Apple announced the changes four days after Google, the dominant player in Internet advertising, reportedly told publishers about plans to roll out an ad blocker for its Chrome web browser. “It’s far too common that people encounter annoying, intrusive ads on the web,” Sridhar Ramaswamy, Google’s senior vice president for ads and commerce, wrote in a Google blog post on Thursday. These moves are as likely to delight consumers as they are to terrify publishers. From the consumer perspective, autoplay videos and pop-up ads are the bane of the Internet user experience. They interrupt the flow of news consumption and create a nuisance for the reader. For publishers, including CNN, autoplay videos can be a huge revenue generator. By having videos start automatically, publishers boost their overall video audience numbers by including users who may not actually watch the videos. They then take these jacked-up numbers to advertisers and sell ad space for more money. Similarly, some advertisers are willing to pay more for pop-up ads because they know they’re advertisements will get it front of the consumer. With the introduction of autoplay blocking on Safari and ad-blocking on Chrome, publishers could find themselves in a bind. Google alone accounts for more than 40% of the digital advertising market in the United States, according to digital marketing research firm eMarketer. How to become financially independent in 5 years Gold rush: The yellow metal is soaring again Related Posts Powerball jackpot, largest ever, now $900 million Is China fueling a new commodities bubble? John Paulson: Why I put billions in Puerto Rico Wanted at police departments: Guns that don’t kill Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... [Update: Fixed] It's not just you—there's a widespread Google Home outage Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/06/05 12:04pm PDTJun 5, 2017 2 Plus 1 on G+ 18 Share on Facebook 33 Share on Twitter Total Shares53 Google Google Home News Update 1: 2017/06/05 12:10pm PDT Fixed Google spent a lot of time at I/O talking about Assistant and Google Home. In fact, it gave a free Home to everyone who attended I/O. Today, a lot of those devices are spitting out errors instead of controlling smart home devices and answering questions. According to multiple online complaints, there's a Google Home outage affecting a significant portion of users. You'll know instantly if your Home is affected. Use the trigger phrase and it'll respond with "Hmm, something went wrong. Try again in a few seconds," or "There was a glitch. Try again in a few seconds." Most users say the issues started popping up in the last day or two—I began getting errors last night, and today Google Home has a nearly 100% failure rate. Interestingly, this seems to only affect Google Home. Other devices with Assistant work fine, so you can still control your devices if you've got a phone handy. Some owners report a hard reset of Home fixed the issue, but many others still have problems after resetting. Google is aware of the outage, so it'll probably be fixed soon. It's pretty annoying in the meantime, though. Update 1: 2017/06/05 12:10pm PDT Fixed Google has updated the thread to say all issues have been addressed. If you still have problems, try restarting. End of Update Source: Google Product Forums Tags assistant Google google home outage subscribe ... Previous Story Amazon may launch 'Ice' smartphones in India running Android with Google services ... Next Story June Nexus/Pixel factory images and OTA files are now available for download, includes fix for ... Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Isaac C. Glad AP said something. I was considering returning it to the store. I had just got the device yesterday and thought it was normal behavior. Calvin Mccoy I get the job done from ease and comfort of my property or home, with simplistic gigs that solely demands from you a Laptop or desktop pc as well as online connection and I am just more successful than before... After six months time during this task and therefore i obtained remunerated totally 36 thousand usd... Mainly I acquire just about eighty bucks/hr and also work for 3 to 4 hours on a regular basis.And wonderful thing relating to this job is usually that you can organize time period when you do the job and for how much time as you prefer and you attain a paycheck a week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ I'm glad I got an Echo instead of that air freshener. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9e084adc03d0c0fe4e62615255f95376c0df7f936c6bd8c9b188e814dfa71c29.gif Luckbuckets I wanted to disagree with your choice of the echo but that gif. but the snark over the top. awesome. Duder12 Hows that multi user support working out? Daniel Yeah, using Bing must be awesome Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Actually, I added an "Ask Google" skill, and I never use it. That's how useful I find googling with an Echo. Dave Stines I have both. My wife uses the echo for music in the kitchen at this point. Echo can't hear half of what I say. Home responds so much better I only use it now. Plus the info you get. I use it constantly. I have a very smart home. Lights, sprinkler system, etc tu3218 Air freshener or not, at least it looks like it belongs in a home. Echo belongs in a garage. abc A comment with 13 upvotes ranks lower than the top comment which has only 4 upvotes. One can imagine how many butthurt Google fanboys must have downvoted this comment. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ All of them. ericshmerick How's the sodium level of that snack? Salty? Salty. Jay It has been a very annoying couple of days. My whole house runs on my Google home. Lights, temperature, TV, music. Having to use 6 different apps again sucks. RyanWhitwam You can use Assistant on your phone, right? Jay Yeah, but when I say ok Google, the Google home takes over as well and it starts speaking loudly and the assistant on my phone listens to home and it's a mess. RyanWhitwam Ah yes, the age-old problem. I just use the long-press on my phone now. Trigger word is for Home only. ¯_(ツ)_/¯ Jay I'm going to start using the long press a lot more often. Tyler Hardeman you could, you know, just unplug the google home for now until things resolve themselves. Jay It's not that big of a deal, just annoying. Besides, it's Google they usually fix most problems within a day at most. Like I said I still have the standalone apps for myself, the rest of my family is going to have to deal with it for the time being. Ramon Restart it Jay Ive tried that a few times already icyhotmike When's the last time you tried? Jay About 5 minutes ago. Ramon Just restart the Google Home via the Home app, I'm back up since last night. Duder12 Didn't work for me obk88 didnt work for me either Jared H. I've factory reset 3 times. Helps for a few minutes to a few hours before reoccurring. Glad AP posted this or I'd have probably done something drastic.... Christopher Young Thank for you helping ensure my sanity. I've restarted both of my Google Homes, reset my router with no results. Justin Dybedahl Same here. I just bought one and hooked it up 15 minutes ago. Been driving me nuts. Lol yentrog31 Glad I really don't use it for anything really useful. So far just a gimmick since my shopping doesn't list in my Keep anymore. It's great for telling you the time or the weather though! Jakob Emerick They moved it without telling anybody. Your shopping list is tucked away in Google Express now. Noble My home has had only 15% success rate for a full week at least, its so annoying when it can't control your lights! James Briano It's an annoying product. I finally took mine out of the box when the folks who gifted it to me were coming for a visit. The most appropriate thing it's ever done was play "You Can't Always Get What You Want" on Play Music when I asked it to play the "Transparent" soundtrack on Spotify. Trolled so hard. B2discus I restarted it. It works when I cast to it. If I talk to it, the phone picks up and drops off the connection. VAVAMk_2 Mine is working Ruperto17 This has been happening to me for at least 2-3 weeks. The failure rate is about 70%. Its driving me nuts!! Spencer I've been having the same issue. I'm considering switching it from my 5Ghz network to my 2.4Ghz just to see if that makes a difference... Adam Cain I had this happen earlier today. A power cycle resolved the issue for me. Jon Fridman Google keeps telling me to try again every other command. I thought my Google Home was having connectivity issues at first, now I'm glad it's a known issue. russjr08 Mine is working fine, though I wasn't happy when the OTA update came through at 2AM and caused it to play the startup chime. Curtis Bond So this is what worked for me. Every time I used the hot-phrase it would spit out the same error, but once my wife used the hot-phrase, it started working perfectly. After that neither of us had issues. I'm pretty sure it's a software problem that's related to voice recognition. Also, big ups to AP for posting this. If Google is going to be serious about consumer electronics, they've got to stay on top of nonsense like this. A widespread failure like this should be unacceptable, and frankly should have been fixed already. Kyle Kepner I have five Google homes and 3 of them are wonky right now. Resets did not help ericshmerick Resetting will do nothing. It's a problem with ~the cloud~ LondonLeedsFan Is this feature available in the UK? Bruce Wayne And we want to trust these people to drive our cars autonomously. LOL. YuCMi Wouldn't it just chill your spine to hear your car saying, "Hmmm, something went wrong," while on a busy expressway? Đức Thành If you ever consider writing a script for a horror movie, please know that I'd like to read it and direct its movie. Just saying. YaKillaCJ I would rather have Wayne Tech JD Seeing as how they had Real life RC-able atomic powered cars in 1966 and a fully automatic self driving voice controlled car by 1989 I approve. DJ JoJo I was able to get mine working by going into home app, clicking upper right devices button. Next to Google home pic was "ready for multi user" prompt. I clicked it and trained my voice and it's working with no problems now. I had already power cycled and rebooted but that didn't work until I clicked on prompt. Defenestratus it didn't work for me for literally 3 minutes. Then it worked again. abc To be fair, it's a beta product. Bugs can happen. :) SunnyStroker Yep, that's Google! Always half Baked, always in Beta. Daniel Including Android right? I think we can cut them some slack considering how many things they give us for free. JD Its not free You are the product #productception KSubedi Almost returned mine because of that because I thought mine was defective unit. drkarlp I had mine for 9 months....I think it happened once - I re booted and all was fine. I love Google Home ! ericshmerick Wow...a positive poster. Everything okay? Garrett Johnson Fun fact. Holding the Microphone off button for 15 will do a factory data reset. According to Google's help center page you can not do a FDR from the app. Only reboot. That being said it didn't fix it for me Lars Jeppesen No issues on my GHomes located in Denmark and Brazil. Maybe a US only thing? John "OK Google, add HomePod to my shopping list." "Umm, something went wrong." ericshmerick All 3 of mine have been instantly throwing an error when I say "Hey Google." Been going on for a few days. Maddening. Markg55 All fixed. That was quick. JD My echo is working just fine thx JD Must have something to do with the prep for their Canadian launch... #blamecanada Frawlz Mine is still bugging out. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 114 queries | 0.416s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Just In 2mins TN government slashes guideline value by 33% 49mins Black Panther to reappear in ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ 1hr ‘Justice League’ to feature General Antiope from ‘Wonder Woman’ 1hr Modi, Kazakh President discuss ways to expand ties 1hr Sushma Swaraj outwits Twitter user who sought help ‘from Mars’ 2hrs Around 200 three-star, four-star bars in Kerala set to reopen 2hrs Bopanna lifts maiden Grand Slam title by winning French Open mixed doubles 2hrs Recipients of India’s first uterine transplants discharged successfully 3hrs French Open 2017: Women’s semifinal to take centrestage today 3hrs What does Shanghai Cooperation Organisation membership mean for India? 3hrs French Open men's semifinals - facts and figures 3hrs Kosovo IS commander killed, police and family say 3hrs Brett Lee backs India to lift Champions Trophy 3hrs Norway Supreme Court will not examine mass murderer Breivik’s human rights appeal 4hrs Champions Trophy 2017: New Zealand, Bangladesh face off in must-win game Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Apple ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon, Google Share On JUST IN 2mins TN government slashes guideline value by 33% 49mins Black Panther to reappear in ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ 1hr ‘Justice League’ to feature General Antiope from ‘Wonder Woman’ 1hr Modi, Kazakh President discuss ways to expand ties 1hr Sushma Swaraj outwits Twitter user who sought help ‘from Mars’ 2hrs Around 200 three-star, four-star bars in Kerala set to reopen 2hrs Bopanna lifts maiden Grand Slam title by winning French Open mixed doubles 2hrs Recipients of India’s first uterine transplants discharged successfully 3hrs French Open 2017: Women’s semifinal to take centrestage today 3hrs What does Shanghai Cooperation Organisation membership mean for India? 3hrs French Open men's semifinals - facts and figures 3hrs Kosovo IS commander killed, police and family say 3hrs Brett Lee backs India to lift Champions Trophy 3hrs Norway Supreme Court will not examine mass murderer Breivik’s human rights appeal 4hrs Champions Trophy 2017: New Zealand, Bangladesh face off in must-win game CLOSE Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Sci-Tech Technology Technology Apple ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon, Google AFP San Jose, June 06, 2017 20:47 IST Updated: June 06, 2017 20:55 IST Share Article PRINT A A A AFP San Jose, June 06, 2017 20:47 IST Updated: June 06, 2017 20:55 IST more-in Aided by Siri digital assistant, device will be priced at $349 in December release Apple will later this year release a ‘HomePod’ music-centric smart home speaker, challenging a market currently dominated by Amazon and Google in its latest move to weave deeper into people’s lives. HomePod, aided by Apple’s Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain, the tech giant announced at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference. “We really believe it is going to take your home music experience to the next level,” Apple chief executive Tim Cook said as he unveiled it. HomePod will take on lower priced Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have had momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. It is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Apple Vice-President Phil Schiller said the company’s Siri team had tuned the assistant into a “musicologist” that learns the tastes of listeners and gets songs from the Internet cloud. The speaker has the “power to rock the house,” according to Mr. Schiller, and the aim is to make HomePod a potent assistant for news, messages, weather, traffic, home controls and more. HomePod capped a keynote presentation that included updates to Apple’s iPad and Mac laptop lines, and upgraded operating software enabling augmented reality for iPhones and iPads. Playing to strength Analysts said Apple is playing to its strength in the music industry by focusing on sound quality and its catalogue of songs. “Apple is smart to frame the HomePod as a music-centric and audio-centric device rather than just another smart speaker or another home for Siri,” said Jackdaw Research analyst Jan Dawson. “The fact that Apple is claiming to marry really great and smart audio with a smart assistant and cloud music service makes this device unique in the market.” Some industry insiders, however, note Apple will be under more pressure to improve the computing smarts of its Siri software in the face of offerings from rivals Google and Amazon. Apple has given Siri new male and female voices, described as more natural and expressive, and added abilities such as translating English phrases into Chinese, French, German, Italian or Spanish. Apple said it is also using ‘on-device learning’ to enable Siri to take people’s tastes into account. Amazon has dominated the connected speakers category since 2014 when it introduced its first Echo, which responds to voice commands and allows users to order goods and control connected appliances. Macs and iPads A survey released last month by research firm eMarketer found Echo speakers held 70.6% of the U.S. market, compared with 23.8% for Google Home. Mr. Cook also used the Apple keynote to show off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provide glimpses at coming versions of the software powering the technology titan’s devices. Apple senior Vice-President of software engineering Craig Federighi said the next Mac operating system will be named “High Sierra” in tribute to the California mountain range. High Sierra features will include being able to stop unexpected videos from starting to play automatically when landing on web pages and ‘intelligent tracking prevention” that will prevent ads from following people about the internet. High Sierra will be released later this year as a free update, according to Mr. Federighi. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple unveiled an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. Post a Comment More In Sci-Tech Technology gadgets (general) Related Articles << Previous Story Apple unveils VR features on Mac, new iPhone software Next Story >> Ten new upgrades at Apple's WWDC17 that you probably missed Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Jun 8, 2017 7:40:50 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/sci-tech/technology/apple-homepod-speaker-to-take-on-amazon-google/article18731759.ece © The Hindu Up next: flying cars and neural nets As the tools that aid us grow ever more powerful, here’s a look at the latest in mankind’s journey to a potential technological synthesis Sooraj Rajmohan Top Picks in The Hindu today Recipients of India’s first uterine transplants discharged successfully Women’s semifinal to take centrestage today 'Even if you are stuck on the Mars, Indian Embassy there will help you' Indian-American among 12 new astronauts chosen by NASA French Open men's semifinals - facts and figures A 'fishy' cure for asthma What ails education in Bihar? UK elections: What you need to know Textbook draws flak over short skirt ‘metaphor’ Virat Kohli sole Indian in Forbes list of highest paid athletes Close X Next Story >> Ten new upgrades at Apple's WWDC17 that you probably missed CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Young World Club Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Skip to content [Accesskey '1'] Skip to navigation [Accesskey '2'] Cookies on Pinsent Masons website This website uses cookies to allow us to see how the site is used. The cookies cannot identify you. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with this OK If you want to use the sites without cookies or would like to know more, you can do that here. About Us Services People Events Newsletter Contact Us Media Feedback Pinsent Masons Toggle navigation Search Home Legal info by Topic Property All Property Investment Planning Corporate occupiers Development Town and city centre redevelopment Environment & Climate Change Property litigation Real estate finance Hotels Corporate real estate Housing Structured real estate Private rentals Specialist property investment Litigation & International Arbitration All Litigation & International Arbitration Court procedure Pre-action considerations Limitation Injunctions Litigation funding Alternative dispute resolution and mediation Arbitration and international arbitration Privilege Disclosure, electronic disclosure and document review Settlement Enforcement Negligence Economic torts Judicial review Pensions All Pensions General pensions Advice for employers Financial institution advice Advice for trustees Pensions investments European and international Pensions disputes Public sector unfunded pension schemes EU & Competition All EU & Competition EU and UK competition law Public procurement State aid Regulatory All Regulatory Health & safety Environmental protection Bribery and internal investigations Product liability Inquiries Charity law Intellectual Property All Intellectual Property Copyright Trade marks Designs Patents Database rights Tax All Tax Corporate tax Share plans Employment tax Private wealth tax Property tax Tax Disputes and Investigations International tax VAT and indirect taxes Construction Advisory & Disputes All Construction Advisory & Disputes International construction Construction disputes Construction procurement Banking & Restructuring All Banking & Restructuring Banking Restructuring Financial services regulation Project finance Banking reform Employment All Employment Termination Discipline and Grievances Business sales and outsourcing Discrimination Family friendly Sickness Recruitment Immigration Employment status Employment tribunals and courts Pay and benefits Restraint of trade and contracts Trade unions and employee consultation Corporate All Corporate Private equity General contract and boilerplate Directors' service contracts Directors' duties The company secretary Financial difficulty and insolvency Remuneration of directors Company law and corporate governance Health and safety and corporate manslaughter Investment funds Setting up a business Equity capital markets Takeovers M&A Reorganisations Partnerships Insurance All Insurance Competition law and insurance European developments affecting insurance Insurance law and liability Life insurance Insurance regulation Retail Distribution Review Reinsurance Insurance brokers and intermediaries TMT & Sourcing All TMT & Sourcing Cloud computing Outsourcing IT disputes EU data protection regulation Data protection and privacy Cybersecurity Freedom of information E-commerce Telecoms Media law Gambling Commercial All Commercial Commercial agents, distribution and franchising Supply of goods and services Consumer protection Supply chain management Advertising and marketing Strategic alliances and collaboration Universities Sports law Projects All Projects Energy and infrastructure finance Projects procurement and contracts Major projects International projects Legal info by Sector Energy All Energy Conventional power Nuclear power Oil and gas Renewables and energy from waste Natural resources Infrastructure All Infrastructure Transport Sport and leisure Education Waste Water and wastewater Core Industries & Markets All Core Industries & Markets Retail Sport Hotels Gambling Housing Public sector Life sciences Universities and higher education Financial Services All Financial Services Banks Private equity Professional services Platforms Insurance and wealth management Private wealth Fintech Payments Advanced Manufacturing & Technology All Advanced Manufacturing & Technology TMT Life sciences Diversified industrial Business services Health Real Estate All Real Estate Filter by regionRegion Europe UK Germany France Turkey Middle East UAE Qatar Turkey Asia Pacific China Central Asia South east Asia Australia Africa Southern Africa Eastern Africa North Africa Western Africa Filter content across the site by region Select regions whose content you would like to see Europe UK Germany France Turkey Asia Pacific China Central Asia South east Asia Australia Middle East UAE Qatar Turkey Africa Southern Africa Eastern Africa North Africa Western Africa View region pages Filter Regions Special Reports Banking on Cloud The business impact of Brexit One Belt, One Road Special report on oil and gas M&A View more Special Reports About Us About My Out-Law History Editorial policy of Out-Law.com My Out-Law user guide Awards Complaints policy of Out-Law.com Sign in to my account My Out-Law Filter By Region Search Sign up to personalise Sign In About My Out-Law Select regions whose content you would like to see Europe UK Germany France Turkey Asia Pacific China Central Asia South east Asia Australia Middle East UAE Qatar Turkey Africa Southern Africa Eastern Africa North Africa Western Africa View region pages Filter Regions Click here to start your search Topics - Commercial - Advertising and marketing Google tool offers choice over funding for online content Publishers can offer internet users a choice over how their content should be paid for by using a new tool developed by Google.06 Jun 2017 Advertising and marketing E-commerce TMT & Sourcing Media law Commercial TMT Advanced Manufacturing & Technology UK Europe Germany Asia Pacific Australia Publishers that utilise 'Funding Choices' will be able to display ad-free content to internet users that pay for that experience. The tool enables the publishers to restrict the consumers' access to their content where they elect not to disable ad blocking software. Funding Choices is already available to publishers based in North America, the UK, Germany, Australia and New Zealand. It will be accessible to publishers based in other countries later this year, Google said. "As part of our efforts to maintain a sustainable web for everyone, we want to help publishers with good ad experiences get paid for their work," said Google senior vice president for ads and commerce Sridhar Ramaswamy in a company blog. "With Funding Choices, now in beta, publishers can show a customised message to visitors using an ad blocker, inviting them to either enable ads on their site, or pay for a pass that removes all ads on that site." The use of ad blocking software has grown in popularity in recent times, prompting debate about the long-term viability for the business models of online publishers. Last year, the then UK culture secretary John Whittingdale weighed in on the debate. He likened the risk posed to publishers from the growth in the use of ad blockers to the threat online copyright infringement posed to the film and music industry previously. Whittingdale said that he was concerned that content and services consumers currently can access for free might disappear because of the move by some mobile phone companies and internet service providers to facilitate ad blocking.  He also described ad-blocking companies that have taken steps to define "acceptable advertising" or that are "offering to white list providers in return for payment" as acting in a manner "akin to a modern day protection racket". "If people don’t pay in some way for content, then that content will eventually no longer exist," Whittingdale said. However, he said advertisers need to "be smarter" to make internet browsing less disrupted by adverts. He referenced pop-up ads and auto-play video and audio adverts as the types of ads that consumers find "intrusive". More from Out-Law.com Ad blocking could pose threat to existence of creative companies, says UK culture secretary 03 Mar 2016 Ad blocking debate has potential to shape the telecoms market of the future, says expert 22 Feb 2016 Tweet Related Sectors TMT Advanced Manufacturing & Technology All sectors Latest Advertising and marketing News & Guides Global consent tools could hit targeted advertising and personalised services to the detriment of consumers, says expert 31 May 2017 Targeted nature of gambling advert helps operator meet UK advertising rules 18 May 2017 Record fine for company behind nearly 100 million nuisance calls 12 May 2017 Guide: Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations Guide: Tagging: the legal issues Join My Out-Law See only the content that matters to you Tailor Out-Law to your exact needs Save the most useful content for later reading Tailor our weekly eNewsletter to your interests Join My Out-Law Already signed up to My Out-Law? Sign in Pinsent Masons Expertise in Commercial We are here to develop and give effect to the legal arrangements needed to help you achieve your commercial objectives and manage business risk. More about Commercial Samantha Livesey Partner View profile Clare Francis Partner View profile More about Pinsent Masons Learn how to fine tune Out-Law to your interests About Us Services People Events Newsletter Contact Us Media Feedback Pinsent Masons Legal Notices Cookies Privacy Site Map Accessibility All News Feeds Subscribe to our RSS feed © Copyright Pinsent Masons LLP
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Electronics Apple wwdc 2017 homepod Apple introduces HomePod, its entry into the home assistant market HomePod to compete with Amazon Echo and Google Home By Cal Jeffrey on Jun 5, 2017, 4:00 PM TechSpot For the last few weeks, rumors have been swirling regarding the expected announcement of an Apple Siri speaker device that was on par with Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home. Those rumors were confirmed today as Apple unveiled HomePod at WWDC 2017. The device is a seven-inch cylindrical speaker powered by Apple’s A8 processor. It contains a 20 mm Apple-designed woofer and seven tweeters that surround the base of the unit. These seven drivers intelligently channel sound to deliver the best acoustics no matter what the environment. Apple calls it “beamforming audio.” The HomePod uses spatial awareness to detect obstacles that are around it, such as walls. It then directs the sound through the tweeters in a way that optimizes music delivery. This according to Apple means that no matter where you place the HomePod, it will adapt to the physical environment to deliver the best sound. It will also integrate with iCloud. Not only will it be able to play any songs or playlists in your library, but it's also capable of maintaining a dynamic playlist. You and your friends can add songs to a playlist from iOS without interrupting the music. While Apple played up the music aspects of the HomePod in its presentation, the device will be capable of performing the everyday tasks that competing smart speaker devices perform such as retrieving the weather or reading news headlines. HomePod will integrate with your other Apple devices through iCloud to fetch appointments and reminders as well. Additionally, it will integrate tightly to control HomeKit devices, so you can dim the lights or other such home automation tasks, using your voice. It will be accessible through the Home app on iOS, so you can access HomePod even while away. The HomePod will hit the market in December in the U.S., U.K., and Australia for $349. That makes it three times more expensive than Google Home and about twice the price of the Amazon Echo. Related Reads Apple seeds fourth iOS 8.2 beta to developers, references Apple Watch Apple's latest iTunes update adds movie Extras to Mac and Apple TV Apple invites third-party developers to its headquarters to help finish up Apple Watch apps 4 comments 65 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Australia's sting operation caught Apple technicians lying red-handed Optoma announces sub-$2,000 projector with 4K resolution Apple will make its secretive iPhone screen repair machine available to third-party repair centers Popular 9 comments Galax GTX 1070 Katana: Single-slot, Air-Cooled Graphics New Galaxy Note 8 leaks show off features new to Samsung phones 33 comments Kaspersky says Microsoft is disabling its anti-virus software in favor of 'inferior' Windows Defender solution 8 comments Intel's Core i7-7740K overclocked to 7.5GHz using liquid helium Load Comments 4 ... User Comments: 4 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 36 As Samsung and LG abandon the technology, is this the end for 3D TVs? 8 Can't print double sided with HP LJ1020 27 Clever anti-piracy tech Cinavia finally gets beaten 66 The shift to 4K is happening much faster than the move to HD did 17 Low-cost TV maker Vizio is going public, seeks $172.5 million IPO Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot June 8, 2017 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports   >   Content  >   How to scale web design to improve page loading speed How to scale web design to improve page loading speed Content Development 06 Jun 17 | Ryan Boachie Facebook0 Linkedin40 Google+19 Twitter 59 You might be thinking, what’s the fuss about website speed? What is important about the average page loading speed? According to Aberdeen Group, a 1-second delay in page load time yields: 11% fewer page views A 16% decrease in customer satisfaction A 7% loss in conversions Amazon reported an increased revenue of 1% for every 100 milliseconds improvement to their website speed while Walmart, also found that every 1-second increase in page speed resulted in a 2% increase in conversions. Source The speed of your website additionally impacts your organic search rankings because Google, since 2010, has included site speed as a signal in its ranking algorithm. Basically, your web page loading speed is very important and determines if you will rank in SERPs. Below are 6 simple but highly effective ways to enhance your web speed immediately by modifying your website design. #1 Optimize images and lazy load everything Some of the most common bandwidth hogs on the web are images. According to HTTP Archive, images now account for 63% of page weight. “As of May [2015], the average web page surpassed the 2 MB mark. This was almost twice the size of the average page, just three years ago.” Source The graph shows a breakdown of what consumes kilobytes the most. Practically all asset types are growing, with the most notable one being images. When creating content, some people make use of large images and then use CSS to scale them down. However, unknown to them, the browser still loads them at full size. For instance, if you scale down an image of 800 x 800 to 80 x 80, the browser will load ten times more. The best way to optimize your images is to compress them into smaller sizes while retaining quality. Using tools such as TinyJPG and Compressor.io, or CMS plugins such as WP Smush It (WordPress) and Imgen (Joomla) for compressing images will guarantee your website loads faster, resulting in better experiences for web visitors and increased conversion rates. Another option is to “lazy load” images and web contents. In essence, you make use of a little bit of JavaScript to find out which images are in or close to the viewport and only download images that the user will likely see. The benefits of Lazy Loading according to Stackpath include: Lazy loading strikes a balance between optimizing content delivery and streamlining the end user’s experience. Users connect to content faster, since only a portion of the website needs to be downloaded when a user first opens it. Businesses see higher customer retention as content is continuously fed to the user, reducing the chances the user will leave the website. Businesses see lower resource costs since the content is only delivered when the user needs it, rather than all at once. #2 Make use of browser caching Setting up browser caching allows you to temporally store data on a site visitor’s computer. This ensures that they don’t have to wait for your web pages (logo, CSS file, and other resources) to load every time they visit your website. Your server-side cache and their browsing configuration determine how long you store the data. Setting up a browser caching on your server can be done by contacting your hosting company or by checking out the following resources: Apache Caching IIS Caching Nginx Caching Leveraging browsers caching is specifying how long web browsers keep CSS, JS, and images stored. Allowing your web pages load much faster for repeat visitors resulting in a smoother experience while navigating and better rankings in SERP’s. Also, installing a cache plugin will have a huge effect on your page loading times. Caching plugins handle this concern by generating a static copy of your content and deliver it to site visitors. This can lessen your page loading time drastically. Caching plugins could help you see around ten times improvement in your overall website performance. An example of caching plugin includes W3 Total Cache. #3 Compress web content Google defines compression as the process of encoding information using fewer bits. Though the latest web browsers support content compression ability, many websites still do not deliver compressed contents. Visitors who visit these websites experience slow interaction with web pages. Major reasons for these unfavorable website behaviors include old or buggy browsers, web proxies, misconfigured host servers, and antivirus software. Uncompressed contents make receiving the web contents and page load time very slow for users who have limited bandwidth. For effective compression tactics to deliver efficient website content, Google recommends the following: 1) Minify, HTML, CSS and JavaScript 2) Make use of consistent code in CSS and HTML with the following method: Use consistent casing – mostly lowercase. Ensure consistent quoting of HTML tag attributes. Indicate HTML attributes in the same order. Indicate CSS key-value pairs in the same order by alphabetizing them.Using tools such as Adobe DreamWeaver and MAMP to create/edit CSS and test run websites locally on your PC respectively. 3) Enable Gzip compression Gzip finds similar strings and code instances and replaces them temporarily with shorter characters.According to Google: “Enabling Gzip compression can reduce the size of the transferred response by up to 90%, which can significantly reduce the amount of time to download the resource, reduce data usage for the client, and improve the time to first render of your pages” #4 Optimize CSS code and delivery The introduction of CSS was a key improvement and has had almost no shortcomings. However, it is essential to consider the impact CSS scripts can have on page speed, particularly when it comes to the representation of a web page. When CSS is delivered inadequately, it results in a delay by the browser in downloading and processing the styling data before it can completely finish rendering to display your web pages to your visitors. This is why it’s vital to optimize CSS delivery and to identify the pitfalls that can slow down your web pages. CSS can be used in several ways by a web page and still work. Given that there are various ways to use it, there are several different CSS setups. Regardless of how you set up on your web pages, your CSS should be aiding your web pages to render faster and not slowing them down. You can make use of different online tools to compress, optimize and clean CSS delivery. Additionally, you can refer to Google’s recommendations on optimizing CSS delivery. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin40 Google+19 Twitter 59 Related articles 5 little-known tools for a holistic digital marketing campaign 6 ways to build a more productive remote content marketing team Google just released verified customer reviews: 3 ways to come out on top 8 technical issues holding your content back #5 Use a very fast hosting company Some time back, I changed my hosting company and the average speed of my sites increased dramatically without changing anything else. That was when I realized that hosting companies are not all equal when it comes to the loading speed of websites. When navigating a website or opening a web page, you are opening files from a remote computer, which is the web server of the hosting company. The faster the remote computer, the faster your web pages can be opened. There are various hosting companies out there for your use. Just ensure that you carry out proper research and read enough reviews of each before deciding to host your site with any of them. When researching for a reliable web hosting company, the most important factors you should look out for include speed/load time, uptime/reliability, customer support and price/value. #6 Deactivate plugins you don’t use Plugins are typically the major reason for slowing down a WordPress-hosted site. Delete plugins that you no longer use or aren’t essential. You can identify plugins that harm your speed by selectively disabling plugins and measuring server performance. Additionally, to speed up the experience of your WordPress site on mobile, check out our guide to Implementing Google AMP on your WordPress site as quickly as possible. Conclusion Users will continue to demand a richer online experience, and there will be faster and cleaner JavaScript, more CSS hacks, and other third-party analytics to increase the size of your pages and weigh down your websites. As an online marketer, you can’t allow this to bog you down. You must regularly strive to scale your web design to improve your page loading speed. A little continuous attention to your website loading speed will go a long way. Remember: as little as a one-second delay in your site loading speed is all it takes to lose a lead. Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Related reading What will the future of Google search results pages look like? Recently, we took a nostalgic, infographic-based look back at the history of Google search results pages. In our follow-up infographic, we look into a future where context will define the form and content of the search results pages we see. Development Industry 27 Apr 17 | Clark Boyd A guide to setting up Google Analytics for your WordPress site If you are an enthusiast who is setting up a website or a new blog using WordPress as your CMS, it is highly recommended to set up Google Analytics. This guide will show you exactly how. Analytics Content 19 Apr 17 | Lucy Barret Interview: Why marketers shouldn’t waste their time with Google Posts Michael Bertini, Online Marketing Consultant and Search Strategist at iQuanti, told Search Engine Watch why he thinks that Google has gone off half-cocked with Posts, and why marketers would be better off expending their energies elsewhere. Content Industry Social 13 Apr 17 | Rebecca Sentance “Ubiquitous and seamless”: The future of voice search These are interesting times for voice search, both in terms of its adoption among consumers and its technological development. We have moved ... read more Development Industry Mobile 06 Apr 17 | Clark Boyd Tags image optimization | page loading speed | page speed | site speed | website speed Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Subscribe Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? How to write meta descriptions for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a meta description? How do you write one? Why are meta descriptions important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Can I see some good and bad examples? Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Subscribe Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL chris.williams@contentive.com sam.lawson@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2017/06/06/how-to-scale-web-design-to-improve-page-loading-speed/ Send × Want to stay on top of content marketing trends? Get top insights and news from our content marketing experts.Delivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Subscribe No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Google Releases Huge Text-To-Speech (TTS) For Android Update v3.0 With High-Quality Voices, New Languages, And UI Changes [APK Download] Artem Russakovskii Follow View All Posts 2014/03/05 12:45pm PDTMar 5, 2014 688 Plus 1 on G+ 119 Share on Facebook 113 Share on Twitter Total Shares807 Applications Downloads Google News Article Contents 1 What’s New 1.1 High-quality voices 1.2 English (UK) male voice 1.3 New languages: Portuguese and Spanish (United States) 1.4 UI tweaks 2 Download I love Update Wednesdays, and today we've already seen pretty decent updates to several Google apps. As you've already seen, Google Play Games was updated to v1.5, but the one I'm excited about the most is, without a doubt, Google TTS v3.0, which made a jump today from v2.4. What’s New So, what's so cool about TTS 3.0? High-quality voices First and foremost, Text-to-Speech 3.0 adds support for high quality voices. Just how drastic the difference is in day-to-day usage in various apps remains to be seen, but as far as file sizes go, we're talking about a jump from 5-6MB to 200+MB. The female English UK voice is a whopping 276MB.   I shot a quick video to demonstrate the difference between English (US) and the new high-quality English (US) as well as the high-quality English UK. The new voices aren't as robotic and don't seem as high-pitched, but don't expect to be totally blown away here: Update: I have tested the new high-quality languages in Google Search, and the results are mixed. Responses vary based on the questions asked - for example, "what is 3+2" seems to be streaming speech from the server, and while it does honor the language you choose in Search's settings, it doesn't use local TTS at all. I had male English UK selected, but the result came back in female English UK. However, something like "what is my next appointment" does use the new voices, with one pretty big caveat - as it turns out, loading such large voice packs could take up to 10 seconds even on a Nexus 5, which means the voice output could be severely delayed the first time you run Search after a reboot. Google has a lot of room for optimizations here, that's for sure. Oh, and for whatever reason, Google Maps ignores the TTS settings altogether, it seems. English (UK) male voice Did you notice in the screenshot above that English UK is no longer limited to the default female voice? You can now select regular or high-quality variants of both female and male voices. New languages: Portuguese and Spanish (United States) The list of supported languages is going up - v3.0 adds support for Portuguese (Brazil) and Spanish (US).   UI tweaks Thanks to the addition of multiple voices per language, a toggle has been added to each voice with 2 or more downloaded voice packs. This way you can switch between them on the fly. The previous UI was much less flexible and only allowed downloading and deleting of 5 languages, as demonstrated below. As you can see, the Delete button has been replaced with a more elegant trash can. As you probably already noticed, voice pack sizes are now visible, whereas the previous UI simply offered a Download button without any extra info.   Left: Google TTS 2.4. Right: Google TTS 3.0 If you notice anything else I may have missed, don't hesitate to let me know. I also welcome any feedback regarding the quality of new high-quality voices in real-world applications. Do you hear a big difference? Are you psyched about the sexy male English UK voice? Let it all out. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. File name: com.google.android.tts-3.0.10.1047791.apk. Version: 3.0.10.1047791 (Android 4.0+). MD5: d66ccbd9674affc62cebce5ffb201717. AndroidFileHost mirror ZippyShare mirror MediaFire mirror MEGA mirror Download QR-Code Google Text-to-speech Developer: Google Inc. Price: Free Tags apk apk download download Google Google Text-to-Speech Google TTS high-quality high-quality voice portuguese spanish text-to-speech tts Voice subscribe ... Previous Story Google Play Games v1.5 Lets You View Multiplayer Invites, See Who's Playing A Game, And More ... ... Next Story Controlling Masses Of Malware-Infected Android Devices Will Apparently Cost You Just $300, ... Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments djakdekiel No Polish. Boring :P maysider SVOX is saving Android, this is a very poor product from Google sal Sadly no Arabic yet Jamie Ellis It is only time, as it (Arabic) is one of the 6 UN Official Languages: Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian, Spanish Arabic amongst the largest 4 languages English, Chinese and Hindi (India). Hindi, Portuguese and Esperanto are among several expansion candidates! ithehappy My first language is Bengali, second Hindi, third English, yet I never understood the point of anything other than English when it's about my phone or PC, am I weird? ksavai because you knew english and started computer with english there is no need. its for those who dont know english and just starting with computer/moible.... Toys Samurai So, among the largest 4 languages, Google only manages to release 1 -- English. didibus Interesting, I'd vote for Portuguese to be added next personally, as I prefer languages that have reach, as opposed to languages that have density. Hindi is spoken by a great number of people, but all localised in a very small geographical region and, the majority of those people also speak English. Portuguese from what I had researched in the past has more reach, meaning, it would let you be able to speak to someone in more countries. Does Esperanto actually get any usage? Though the 6 UN languages already pretty much reach out to the entire planet. I'm pretty sure if you spoke all 6, you'd be able to find someone to communicate with in all parts of the globe. Alexei Watson This is great, the voice was functional but really harsh. Ming Tang Does Google Maps respect your TTS choices now too? Previously I had it set to English UK but Google Maps navigation would use English US constantly. Alexei Watson Yeah maps can be a bit crazy, I've had it jump between male and female on the one route before, when using a custom locale, with an english TTS engine. Tuấn Ankh Maps don't adapt well with new just-installed voice, I guess. Over a year ago my Galaxy S Blaze 4G got the same voice as the one on Google Now voice search, but for navigation it jumps back and forth between that voice and the robotic old woman voice. xD Artem Russakovskii Nope, set my TTS to English UK male, but Maps is still using female US. Ming Tang Ah, damn that sucks. I was hoping for some British accent goodness! Dan Garcia dumb question, but does it at least use the HD one instead? Artem Russakovskii I don't think so, plus it totally disregards my language setting too. I have it on UK male, but the voice is still the same female US as I'm used to. Phillip Jones With the male UK voice, I get one step closer to JARVIS-izing my phone. Tuấn Ankh Man, I've heard people getting to have "Ok Jarvis" work on the Nexus 5 too. xD (I don't have a Nexus 5, and "Ok Jarvis" doesn't work on the GNL which I installed with apk.) Eself1643 мʏ ƈʟαѕѕмαт­­­­­­℮­­­­­­'ѕ ­­­­­­℮­­­­­­х-աιғ­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ мαĸ­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ѕ $84 нօυʀʟʏ օɴ тн­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ ƈօмքυт­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ʀ. ѕн­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ нαѕ в­­­­­­℮­­­­­­­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ɴ աιтнօυт α ʝօв ғօʀ ғιʋ­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ мօɴтнѕ вυт ʟαѕт мօɴтн н­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ʀ ιɴƈօм­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ աαѕ $19905 ʝυѕт աօʀĸιɴɢ օɴ тнɛ ƈօмքυт­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ʀ ғօʀ α ғ­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ա нօυʀѕ. мօʀ­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ н­­­­­­℮­­­­­­ʟքғυʟ нιɴтѕ SaveJury&#46com jazz7 it works , it takes some effort to pronounce it correctly Cathy Rudy my&nbspfriend's&nbspsister-in-law&nbspΜ­­­­­­а­­­­­­K­­­­­­е­­­­­­ѕ&nbsp$­­­­­­­­82&nbspevery&nbspհ­­­­­­ο­­­­­­ս­­­­­­r&nbspon&nbspthe&nbspі­­­­­­ո­­­­­­τ­­­­­­е­­­­­­r­­­­­­ո­­­­­­е­­­­­­τ.&nbspShe&nbsphas&nbspbeen&nbsplaid&nbspoff&nbspfor&nbspsix&nbspΜ­­­­­­ο­­­­­­ո­­­­­­τ­­­­­­հ­­­­­­ѕ&nbspbut&nbsplast&nbspΜ­­­­­­ο­­­­­­ո­­­­­­τ­­­­­­հ&nbspher&nbspincome&nbspwas&nbsp$­­­­­­­­19479&nbspjust&nbspW­­­­­­ο­­­­­­r­­­­­­King&nbspon&nbspthe&nbspі­­­­­­ո­­­­­­τ­­­­­­е­­­­­­r­­­­­­ո­­­­­­е­­­­­­τ&nbspfor&nbspa&nbspϜ­­­­­­е­­­­­­W&nbspհ­­­­­­ο­­­­­­ս­­­­­­rs.&nbspvisit&nbspthe&nbspwebѕ­­­­­­і­­­­­­τ­­­­­­е,..&nbsphttp://Foxprofitfalls2014preferenca7tm... ☗☗☗ ☗☗☗ ☗⪉☗☗ ☗☗�☗ ☗☗☗Hindi, Portuguese and Esperanto are among several expansion candidates! Griffin Wiebel God, I can't wait. Soham Dongargaonkar Thanks, now I'll download it too! Travis W For even another step towards Jarvisification check out the Type Your Ringtone app. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.twoclaw.typeyourringtonepro itsgonnalast After the previous TTS update, has anyone had difficulty with Google Maps reverting back to "go left, go right" commands instead of street names? This happens to me randomly; some mornings I won't have street names, but they're back in the evening or vice versa. Very weird. archercc I get that all of the time. Annoying. itsgonnalast Glad it's not only me! Otherwise it was a really useful update. The voices are much louder and less-robotic than before. I'm looking forward to this latest update. Ramiro Fernandez I had the issue before. Clearing cache and data of Google Maps and Google TTS resolved the issue for me. cmbeid I too read somewhere that clearing Google Maps data resolves this issue. I have seen it once or twice, but never tried to clearing data. Artem Russakovskii I just cleared data for Maps, but the voice is still the same. And it doesn't match my selected TTS language/gender. Ramiro Fernandez This was to resolve the issue where TTS didn't really work at all, and the only instructions were only "turn left" "turn right". You need to clear google TTS data as well for this to work archercc Thanks, will give it a shot. archercc The moment I realized they tied the voice to the media volume I almost had what Jeremy Clarkson would call a "Victorian crisis." I use it constantly over bluetooth in the car and it was really frustrating when it would randomly decide that my music should be 300% louder than the navigation voice volume. blahmoomoo At least they finally increased the volume of the voice so you can actually hear it well when any music you're playing ducks. That seriously took forever to fix... MattEden Anyone compare the new voices to Ivona's high quality options? Jim_in_Denver I'd say Ivona is still superior. Averix Does Ivona even work anymore on KitKat? Haven't tried it in a while. jazz7 it works perfectly aSquard Will Ivona read books from the play store as well? pranav yes Meh Poland FTW! Leif Sikorski No HD voice for german. A big +1 for Samsung who offer german HD voices since a long time and their HD TTS sounds also much better. Mike Gonzalez same here for spanish, Samsung's TTS voice in HD sounds great, almost like real life Régis Knechtel FINALLY brazilian portuguese support *__* Guest Does this mean Google Now will start to answer to our questions in Portuguese out loud? Régis Knechtel We can only wait and hope for Google to include it in next version of Google Now :( Attila Magyari Moto X should use the same text to speech, there is no "Moto x google now", it's the same thing. Install the update, and try again after. Jamie Ellis With Download precedence made such as ~276MB for 'English (UK): Female (High Quality)' we can expect more of the same of upto and around this size. English US from your screenshots seems to be missing Male Voices Options. English UK seems to be a beta for this enhancement of having both Female and Male options available! With items on the Google Play Store (i.e. Games) available in the 1.0GB+ range and plenty of other 'you can never have enough internal memory' and with basics like TTS downloads getting to the 200MB+ range Google, better be reconsidering reversing its anti MicroSD agenda! Samsung and Flagship Devices make Internal 32GB the new lowest Flagship Internal Storage size! 'Budget devices' that previously were the 4GB or 8GB Internally range should start at 16GB! Halin I saw it as optional. Christofftofferson You worked in an argument about SD cards because of an optional 200MB download... Really?! Urgh Andrew Bone I have set my voice to male... But yet google now is still a woman... Artem Russakovskii See my update in the post body. It's going to vary, which is really dumb. Andrew Bone When they first added UK support to now the voice was male and all was well, we had Jarvis... Why you do this google!? cellabonez i know this is off topic and another update which is not seen , jamaica now has location reporting available, i believe ts all other countries which were included in ability to get movie on play store then also , music purchases started to work for me with google search but play store doesnt show the results, hope you guys will find more information about the latest google play service update. Jonathan Douglas Ray Hall-Neal Why doesn't the Male UK English voice work with Google Now? Cory I want to know that as well. It seems to only work on select questions for some reason. Hopefully Google fixes this. primalxconvoy I could never get any of Google's services (translate, maps, etc) to work with any TTS, including their own. It always defaulted to the annoying female Yank voice (or would not work unless it was set). Like most Google offerings, I quickly moved to a third party solution and installed Ivona voice (plus the British female voice). Google should just concentrate on allowing more third party tts access to their apps. Nathan Talbert I agree. I switched to ivona but then switched to caitlin irish tts some time ago. I personally think the 3rd party voices are way better. Still waiting for celebrity voices for tts to become a big thing. Guest123 totally agree. . . use google voice actions to send a text message, says it sent, person never gets it. Use other voice action app and works fine. . . etc. . . and I don't get the constant google apps running in the background checking my location, eating my battery, etc. . . reecedunn I think that is due to the Google services requesting a US English voice (en-US) and that matching the US voice from Google TTS as it is a better match than the British English (en-GB) voice. Voice selection on Android is done entirely through locales (language, country, variant) which makes supporting accents or different voices a pain. hairyback Anyone know how to convert to mp3 to, say, listen to an ebook on an mp3 player? Jack No Australian :c Chris Anyone know how to get an installed voice to work with Play Books? Phillip Drawbridge It seems that if you have it set to high quality voice in the book settings then it streams the voice off the server. If it's not set to high then it uses the TTS. J What app are you running for the internet speed info? I have been looking for a good one, but the best I have found is ax posed module that does speed overlay. Thanks. KRS_Won Problem parsing package RAZR HD MAXX :-/ Jim_in_Denver Ivona voice still sounds much better than this. Chris Honestly doesn't sound all that much better to me. Alexei Watson the extra 168MB from UK female to UK male is due to the unpredictable mood engine. Mc Dolan Anywhere i can download the voice data from web not from phone? ithehappy Lovely lovely voice. I usually tend to go with female voices, but this time the male voice bought me, the UK one obviously. However I would like them to improve on the speech detection, rather than text-to-speech thing, it will be better for people who have little accent, including me. Ramiro Fernandez Gotta admit, I usually use the female voice as well, but I was disappointed when the default English UK voice changed to female. There was something about that male voice whenever he said "exit the roundabout" that just made me giggle every time... fjleon only HD voices for english :( steelew The new US HD voice takes forever to play and it is quieter than the old one. I switched back to the older smaller one. Ciders I hate this, yet I'm happy about it. Brought 4 Cereproc TTS because of how shrilly Google's TTS sound...but now as it's improved by a lot I feel kinda cheated lol. I'm going to try using more of Google's Male TTS for my ebooks now...the female one is still a bit high pitched for me. Give me some soft mature lady!! IVONA is nice BUT it runs in the background even when I haven't enabled...dodgy. sud007 awesome!! yochanan Is it just me or is the English (US) Female voice much louder than the new Female (high quality) voice? I did the same test as in the above video & swapped back & forth. Same with headphones & phone speaker. A few other sites posted about this update & I swear someone else pointed it out, just don't remember where. N4 with ViPER4Android installed but's only enabled for headphones, not phone speaker. Jason Farrell Yep. New voice is a bit quieter, but it does south smoother. Billy Porter I saw someone post that they were getting low volume on engadet i thought. I am also hearing low volume like 50% as loud. I'll have to test it, but it better be as loud or louder than music on bluetooth in the car. james kendall about time they brought back eng uk male. I hated that they killed him off and refused to update from my rom's version Maxime MARAIS Unfortunately, only English voices are available in HQ. For example, French ones are still low quality. And hardly understandable in a noisy environment, like in a car, even when connected with Bluetooth to the car radio. Andrew Wilson "Oh, and for whatever reason, Google Maps ignores the TTS settings altogether, it seems." Gah! This drives me up the wall! My preferred TTS is the Ivona Voice Gwyneth-UK (it's very soothing) thanks to Tasker, "she" reads my messages and and notifications, tells me who's calling, and lets me know when my battery is getting low. I even sometimes have it read to me from Google Play Books. Then, I try to use Navigation and it's fingernails on a chalkboard in comparison. I used to be able to fix the issue by changing my default language to UK English, deselecting then re-selecting Ivona, and restarting navigation, but my new HTC One doesn't allow different English localizations for some reason. I can't wait to see if I can get the new GTTS voices working in maps, they sound much better than the default. Android Developer 276MB for HQ sound? wonder how could it be that much larger. has anyone tested it? is it really that much better? Alex Hutchins The if you have a data connection, you are hearing the HQ voice. The new downloads of HQ means you will still get HQ when you don't have a data connection. Also means it will use less data. Also, I can set it to use the UK male voice, but Google now and Google maps only use the female voice in the locale your phone is set to... Disappointing still... Robbie Khan Great alternative to IVONA, not quite as polished as IVONA but I need to do more testing to see which is most understandable on the road :) David Vilhena I find it ridiculous that they update it with the portuguese from Brasil but not the portuguese from Portugal. I know that the Brasil population is way bigger but making the the other language shouldn't be any hard to do because of the language similarity André Diniz Sou brasileiro e concordo contigo, David. Mas imagino que os falantes de espanhol passem pelo mesmo problema. Se servir de consolo, muitos dos softwares que compramos, quando oferecem a opção do idioma português, estão no de Portugal... Deveria haver estímulos aos fabricantes e desenvolvedores para que ficassem mais atentos ao idioma de seu público e à possibilidade de ampliar o alcance de seus produtos com a tradução adequada dos mesmos. Um abraço! Kostas Ahhh... Finally a great update! Jason Brown i can't get the voice data to install. it completes the download (reaches 100%) and then continues to say "downloading..." any suggestions on how to fix it? Brian Staruk Updated the app, installed the HQ (US English) voice data, rebooted, and am hearing no difference. Croatian Does anyone else have this double "Google" selection option under Language & Input --> SPEECH section --> Voice Recognizer or is it just me? Nexus 4, latest everything. Blair Piotrowski I have discovered what I believe to be an issue. The volume of the new "high quality" female voice is much lower than that of the standard voice. This become an issue when simultaneously listening to music and running an exercise tracker or navigation program that provides voice feedback. You cannot hear the high quality female voice over the music. Lacy Gibson I'm still waiting to have navigation instruction by The Most Interesting Man In The World. Nix on that male British voice. If the guys can have sexy women's voices, why can't the ladies have a mature MANLY voice? Lacy Gibson I would like a sexy, mature American MALE voice. Why do guys get more options and the only alternative I find is either a Brit guy or another woman? Geez! How about The Most Interesting Man in the World voice add-on...? Othelie Moor My phone have all of a sudden decided that the default voice should be English (Indian). I can't get it to stop and, after getting no help from google, I'm seriously considering deleting the app and never use anything google ever again. Ahmed Zekry why Arabic is not supported!! tony how do I use it on my android it doesn't come up as an app mesa wind How does one get to be the voice over? I wish to be the US one. I have a fantastic speaking voice, easy to listen to with no discernible accent and great diction. Shiraz Any idea why I'm forced to have the French female TTS? I've set my default language to English (UK) . Thanks Anon High quality options no-where to be found, no volume setrings anywhere either. burhan bb Tks that I got APk 4 google tts as it denied frm Play Store Thanks.even base voice eng is also superb. Qianna Bollman My colleagues were requiring IRS 4506-T last year and saw a great service with lots of sample forms . If others are requiring IRS 4506-T too , here's https://goo.gl/w6wCev ty_buchanan I am fed up with reading about US and UK tts. What about Canadian, South African, Australian, Kiwi, West Indian, Hong Kong? Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Popular television progress tracker TV Show Favs is testing a new material design layout 2017/06/07 11:11am PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 129 queries | 0.435s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Android M Will Never Ask Users For Permission To Use The Internet, And That's Probably Okay Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2015/06/06 9:45am PDTJun 6, 2015 307 Plus 1 on G+ 44 Share on Facebook 5 Share on Twitter Total Shares356 Android OS Development Editorials Marshmallow 6.0 News Videos Article Contents 1 The Facts 2 Considerations 2.1 What if we really need another permission? 2.2 Wouldn't it be annoying? 2.3 Should users actually be able to cut off data? 2.4 Are there still ways to exploit Internet? 3 Conclusion Google's initiative to put privacy and security back into the hands of users through a revised permission system has received generally positive responses. It's no secret that this approach closely matches the way iOS prompts users for access to things like the contacts or location. Aside from the possibility that permission requests could become annoying with too much frequency, this has proven to be a pretty effective approach. However, since the announcement, one sticking point seems to have emerged around access to the Internet. As it turns out, users will never be asked to grant access to the outside world, and it's not even possible to revoke it, even if they wanted to. The question was brought up in the session on Android M Permissions at Google I/O 2015, during the Q&A portion of the talk. An attendee confirmed that there was no permission group for Internet, and went on to ask if absolutely any app could have access to the Internet. The session speaker, Ben Poiesz, gave affirmative responses to both questions and explained that the logic for this decision was based around the idea that if all of a user's data is protected by default, there's very little reason to be concerned that an app can communicate with the outside world. The video below is cued up to this specific exchange. The Facts Before anybody jumps to conclusions, it's important to understand exactly what is going on. The brief discussion shown in the video is potentially vague, depending on interpretation, it might seem like there are some discrepancies. Let's get those cleared up right away. To begin with, we need to know what's new. Android M introduces a system that bundles existing permissions into groups. When an application runs on M (and supports the new system), it must issue a request to the operating system for a specific permission, at which point, users are prompted to allow access to whatever group contains that permission. The current list of groups includes: Calendar, Camera, Contacts, Location, Microphone, Phone, Sensors, and SMS. As for the specific android.permission.INTERNET permission, it is still mandatory for apps that will access the Internet. If a developer were to publish an app without defining it in the Android manifest, an exception will be thrown the first time a connection attempt is made, and the app will possibly crash. This is no different than before. The heart of the issue is that the Internet permission doesn't belong to any of the aforementioned groups, meaning users will never be prompted to grant access to it for individual apps. A look around in Settings reveals that there's no method to actually revoke access to the Internet. The developer documentation for the M preview sheds a little light on this by explaining that some permissions are automatically granted at install time and will never require authorization from the user. This is an allowance made for permissions with a 'normal' protection level. Here is the specific passage: Limited Permissions Granted at Install Time: When the user installs or updates the app, the system grants the app all permissions that the app requests that fall under PROTECTION_NORMAL. For example, alarm clock and internet permissions fall under PROTECTION_NORMAL, so they are automatically granted at install time. This seems fairly reasonable since most of the permissions worthy of interrupting a user's workflow are marked as 'dangerous.' The oddity here is that the Internet permission has always been classified as dangerous. At least, that has been true up through the latest release of Lollipop. The logical assertion must be that Internet will be officially downgraded for Android M. Considerations Google's logic is that if an app only has permission to use the Internet, it is inherently safe until it has permission to access other pieces of data. On the surface, this makes a lot of sense. Aside from an IP address and a few basic details about the device, there's really very little an app can get without a user's consent. It's not that there aren't some ways to exploit that information, but the opportunity to collect valuable and personally identifiable data just isn't there. At least, this is the simple explanation we have to go by. What if we really need another permission? A reasonable counter-argument presents itself when users want to open the gate on some information, but don't want to place trust in a developer not to send that data back to a server. For example, imagine an app that manages your address book. Access to the Contacts group is obviously necessary, but it would be much easier to trust this app if it were possible to revoke the Internet permission before turning over the names, numbers, and addresses of your friends. While this seems like an obvious case for locking down connectivity, there is a catch. Android already provides a simple workaround for such restrictions with the Intent system. A developer need only launch a web browser and point it to a custom URL containing your private information. Wouldn't it be annoying? Almost every app seems to require access to the Internet for something. If setting up a phone or tablet meant hitting 'allow' for 40+ apps, it would become an insanely common occurrence. For those who used Windows Vista when it first launched, you must remember how awful the UAC (User Account Control) prompts were. Google's developers have made it clear that the new approach to permissions is a balancing act where they want the dialog to be shown to users only as often as is necessary, and never more often than that. On the other hand, there might be space to allow a permission to be granted up-front, with an option to revoke it after installation. This would maintain the same basic flow while still allowing users more control over their data usage. But this introduces one huge problem... Should users actually be able to cut off data? Let's set aside the tired arguments about users getting confused and turning off data to important apps by mistake. Sure, it'll happen, but not regularly. We can be honest and call attention to the thing many people would actually use a revocable Internet permission to prevent: Ads. ...it's not even possible to revoke Internet access, even if we want to. It's the truth. Internet access is necessary for downloading ads. An overwhelming number of free apps on the Play Store only rely on data so they can download and display advertising. Users may not like it, but ads support a hefty percentage of the apps available for Android. If everybody were allowed to flip a switch and shut off Internet access, ad-supported apps would lose their single method of monetization. It would destroy countless developers. In the process of blocking ads, users would also unknowingly disable other useful things like crash reporting and usage metrics that are important parts of improving apps. Of course, many people might read this and assume Google kept the Internet permission perpetually enabled to protect its own interests. In reality, AdWords content can always travel through Play services, effectively making Google the single company that could always be immune to restrictions. Surely, this would have brought about tons of scrutiny, but it's worth noting that without this permission, all of Google's competitors remain on roughly equal footing. Are there still ways to exploit Internet? Just because an app can't get at your personal information, it doesn't mean that there aren't other ways to take advantage of a networked device. Without going into too much depth on this subject, it's not hard to imagine hackers that use a handful of compromised smartphones as their own private network of proxy servers. Taken to a more extreme side, a developer could create a botnet useful for attacking prime targets. Of course, these are overly elaborate examples, and they were already possible before Google added an extra layer of security in Android M, so we shouldn't get too worked up over things that have not changed. If things like this are a serious concern, the questions should probably center around the judgement of users and how any significant group would come to download and keep these malicious apps. Conclusion The new Permission system in Android M isn't exactly solving all of the world's security problems, but it does offer new opportunities for a safer and more privacy-aware environment. There will be some growing pains, and we may still see some revisions to the way permission groups are organized and presented. It's clear just from the rest of the Q&A section of the above video that Google's engineers aren't even close to considering this system finished. It's still possible that a method for revoking Internet permissions will arise in the future. A more desirable approach may center around setting soft limits or otherwise preventing excessive use. Of course, we're just looking at stock Android. If users feel that they need to be able to shut off connectivity for an app, many custom ROMs and mods will surely step up to fill that space. We've seen groups like Cyanogen bring back and extend App Ops, and it's likely we'll see the results of this in one form or another. Tags android m Internet internet access permission permissions privacy video subscribe ... Previous Story 10 Cool Android Weather Apps With Hot Material Design, Clear Simplicity, Stormy Details, Or ... ... Next Story Nokia's Z Launcher Updated With Widget Support In Version 1.2 Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Alexander Bus Impossible? Tell that to my AFWall+. I love that thing. rap Good idea! I already use AFWall+ control data usage so apps don't send data away from wifi except for a few select apps. There is a way to deny data permission to apps even under wifi though. My flashlight app doesn't need data access anytime nor do several of the puzzle & card games I play. Because I I have to pay for data per KB I prefer apps that work without data. Loving AFWall+ even more now. Damian No, it's not okay, not even close. David Williams This is terrible. I use apps where you manually type sensitive data, but you're protected because there's no internet permission. EowynCarter You have doubts on an app, and you type sensitive data in it ?? With or without internet permission, you shouldn't type sensitive info in an app you don't trust. pfmiller Without internet access, what's the app going to do with your data? David Ruddock "While this seems like an obvious case for locking down connectivity, there is a catch. Android already provides a simple workaround for such restrictions with the Intent system. A developer need only launch a web browser and point it to a custom URL containing your private information." pfmiller They can't do that without you knowing about it though. An app that took advantage of that would not be terribly successful at stealing data. David Ruddock See, you assume that the average person taken advantage of by a workaround like this would understand what was happening. They wouldn't. What this comes down to is security-conscious people not trusting applications published by successful, generally trustworthy companies because they fear their data could be compromised in a breach event. I'm not saying that fear is completely without merit, but the demands these people make are irreconcilable with the cloud-based digital economy that billions of us live in. If you don't trust the service, don't use it. All of this just dances around the same basic demand privacy nuts make and will never get: they want none of their information stored remotely at all unless they can explicitly verify it is extremely secure. And that's just not realistic. You have to trust companies sometimes. Apps on the Play Store that literally steal your personal information and publish it somewhere are just boogeymen that people prop up for the sake of argument. There are malicious apps out there, but if you actually care about security, there's no way you're touching any of this stuff. Cody Toombs That assumes the least possible effort was put into building the app. If I were to build it, the first thing I would do is add a delay of several hours and specifically launch the intent when my own app wasn't in the foreground. Then build a site that grabs the encoded url and does an automatic redirect to google.com. Even most security-conscious people aren't likely to have any idea how or why there's a browser open to Google on their phone, but they'll probably assume it was an accidental tap on the home screen. The back button won't even show up because of the redirect. This isn't an elaborate solution, but it would fool almost anybody and it can be built in about 10 minutes. jhhhfh and i will not give android permission to reside in my device Renaldi I. K. So what are you flashing? Windows 10? iOS? Jarrett Lennon Kaufman I have no issue with this. I've never once thought an app on my phone wouldn't access the Internet. That idea never so much as crossed my mind. Droid Why? Simple, no Internet = no ads. godutch or the dev could just disable the app if it can't connect Madis Otenurm and get a bad rating, obviously. pfmiller There are plenty of legitimate reasons for not having internet access. A game that doesn't function on a plane or subway would be useless to many people. RainMotorsports Yes but that's why the permission shouldnt exist. Developers won't start gimping apps and all will be happy. NotBaised Yes developers will be happy to tell the product guys that they can now steal all the stuff they want. I can't wait... crutchcorn And then Super Mario Run came out David Ruddock I love how it's fine for modern desktop OSes to never really ask for these kinds of permissions, but the moment it happens on a phone, whoa - stop the presses! You will never, ever satisfy privacy nuts. I understand that many enthusiast users on Android come from a privacy and security obsessed Linux background, but the number of developers who get 1-starred on the Play Store because Uncle Bob doesn't understand why Gmail needs the "internet" to work is ludicrous. Personal device security is first and foremost a matter of making educated choices as a user. Pretending that we live in a world where accessing the web is an inherently suspicious activity is pointless. alex On desktop OSes we have something called a firewall. A luxury we don't get on Android unless we root. David. Kornél Várkonyi Yes, we do. Android DOES have a firewall. You just can't access it. Alex Ok, thanks. That's helpful. David Ruddock Use a local VPN solution if you're that concerned with what goes in and out of your device. You make it sound like things are hopeless and there are no options available for more scrutinized security. And yet you freely admit root access can provide you exactly the security you want. Alex And private VPN is what I do when traveling. I didn't say things are hopeless, but they're a lot harder to do (especially for the average person) than they should be. David Ruddock The average person does not remotely care about *any* of this - let us be perfectly clear. There are people who care about it and don't know what to do about it, and there are people who care about it and do know what to do. Meanwhile, 50 million "average" people would give Clash of Clans their social security number without blinking for 100,000 free coins. Alex That's a pretty specious argument. So because of that we shouldn't care about security? Nice. The masses are too dumb so screw them. We can agree to disagree on this. This can go on forever. Regardless, big fan of Android Police. Great coverage. Peace out. David Ruddock No, my point is that the masses can't be forced to care about this. The ability to revoke internet permissions is of no consequence to these people, and pretending that the "average" person is going to be helped by ever-more security prompts and permission requests they don't even read and simply get annoyed by is living in a fantasy. You are clearly much more interested in and educated about security and privacy than the average person. Buy a Nexus, unlock it, flash a ROM or root it, secure to your heart's content, be happy. As for everyone else? Google and the Play Store Bouncer are doing about 100x more for the average person's security than an Internet permission prompt ever could. godutch all these prompts are like the boy who cried wolf David Ruddock Exactly. It's white noise to 99% of people. godutch Actually google should create a whitelist for apps, so when a permission does popup it will mean something and people will think about their choice NotBaised I just love it when people think that what they feel is the majority state of mind. Stop claiming that pepole do not care. How would you know that? There is a difference between not caring and not knowing. DarkKerrigor Granting the INTERNET permission alone, I have no huge problem with. It's the combination with other now-default permissions, such as GET_ACCOUNTS. The combination of these two means that any crap app you install can: 1) Acquire your email address 2) Send that email address off to their servers for spam mailing lists (or other nefarious purposes) And THAT is where it affects everyone, even the average user. You This is exactly my concern. Like David said, Google is doing a lot to make sure that my phone, identity and accounts are secure. But that doesn't secure my data. Simply giving an app access to contacts and internet can sell out all of my friends and family onto some spam mailing list. Someone please correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think that kind of behavior is something Google would consider nefarious and keep out of the play store. They don't know if you're uploading everyone's contacts to the cloud for a useful purpose or as an abuse of the user. WORPspeed exactly, so when catering to non-average users with This permission setting, perhaps go the extra mile and make Internet a revokable permission even if after the fact, so as not to bother the average user This will effectively remove all their concerns about app developers not making their add money and competitors not having standard access to the web, wouldn't it? I mean the AVERAGE person will not revoke it, to deeply buried in the settings screen for them and the small amount of people that would bother won't make a dent right? rheerani You're underestimating the wish to avoid ads by the average person, they'll find the way for that 100 times before they care about their private data. WORPspeed The wish is strong, but given how prevalent adds still are, I think more than enough people still see them plenty. So the 'average' person doing 100times more than they would for privacy still doesn't mean much Marcelove "Those who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety." Benjamin Franklin DuckingGold If you're that paranoid, use two cans and a string. Sruly J Hackable. On the bright side, you can easily find anyone hacking it. Đức Thành >Misses the point >goes on to be all passive-aggressive because he doesn't want to openly appear like a jerk Typical. WORPspeed The average person is not something to use as a benchmark. The Average person has nothing to hide, might as well lift all privacy features. hestia Lol, agree with you. The average person don't need all those privacy features. Even if you're asking for their permission, they will usually search for button named "Allow All", "Yes to All", or "Don't ask me again" .. :D Marcelove So because the majority of smartphone users are ignorant and/or dumb about the info they give willing to many apps everything is fine? Now I'm questioning myself if you actually use Android or IOS... Cause your narrow view looks like Apple users... And ironically, out of box, they are more protected against companies "stealing" their info... I care about which programs are installed at my Nexus AND my computer... If there's people that don't care about their PC's and just complain about privacy at mobile devices, they are dumb... But being dumb and not giving them a tool to protect themselves (because they wouldn't use) doesn't mean it would be useless to other users... AntiFanBoys "The average person does not remotely care about *any* of this - let us be perfectly clear." I knew it! fan boys poses superhuman powers! This guy has the ability to know what average pepole think. Hey super fan boy, what am I thinking about?! You got it! I think that you ain't got the slightest idea what you are talking about and what the average pepole care about. Why would Google ever change that if that was the common state of mind?! Legal wise they didnt have to because they pretty much covered their asses with the old model. Please don't answer. I am not in the mood for some disturbed version of the truth. AntiFanBoy "The average person does not remotely care about *any* of this - let us be perfectly clear." I knew it! Fan boys poses superhuman powers! This guy has the ability to know what average pepole think. Hey super fan boy, what am I thinking about? You got it! I think that you ain't got the slightest idea what you are talking about and what the average person care about. Why would Google ever change that if that was the common state of mind?! Legal wise they didnt have to because their ass was already covered. Please do not answer, I am not in the mood for some disturbed version of the truth. AntiFanBoys "The average person does not remotely care about *any* of this - let us be perfectly clear." I knew it! Fan boys poses superhuman powers! This guy has the ability to know what average pepole think. Hey super fan boy, what am I thinking about? You got it! I think that you ain't got the slightest idea what you are talking about and what the average person care about. Why would Google ever change that if that was the common state of mind?! Legal wise they didnt have to because they were already covered with the old model. And they do claim that it was for the users sake. Please do not answer, I am not in the mood for some disturbed version of the truth. AntiFanBoys "The average person does not remotely care about *any* of this - let us be perfectly clear." I knew it! Fan boys poses superhuman powers! This guy has the ability to know what average pepole think. Hey super fan boy, what am I thinking about? You got it! I think that you ain't got the slightest idea what you are talking about and what the average person care about. Why would Google ever change that if that was the common state of mind?! Legal wise they didnt have to because they were already covered with the old model. And they do claim that it was for the users sake. Please do not answer, I am not in the mood for some disturbed version of the truth. AntiFanBoys "The average person does not remotely care about *any* of this - let us be perfectly clear." I knew it! Fan boys poses superhuman powers! This guy has the ability to know what average pepole think. Hey super fan boy, what am I thinking about? You got it! I think that you ain't got the slightest idea what you are talking about and what the average person care about. Why would Google ever change that if that was the common state of mind?! Legal wise they didnt have to because they were already covered with the old model. And they do claim that it was for the user's sake. Please do not answer, I am not in the mood for some disturbed version of the truth. NoMore Do you poses some supernatural powers? How would you no what the average person cares about? Your example for the Clash of Clans is ignorant. There is something that is called "Customer relationship" that is when you build rapport with your customer and he trusts you. You cannot excpect the user to trust a new application in the begining without having some interaction with it. SAM Its also harder to configure a firewall (especially for the average person) than they should be. Same is the situation on Desktop and mobile. Cute Cat VPN, just what the average Joe needed, pay more (for a good VPN service) for their security than a simple toggle to give or deny internet access Nobody remembers the Hola debacle (it was their fault, they didn't market themselves as a P2P VPN and had to face the backlash). JBearnstine Wow, clueless asshat alert! Just because youre too naive and don't give a sh1t about your privacy, doesn't mean the same is true for those in the know. This isn't being a "nut" as you proclaim, its just having a firm understanding of how sh1t actually works. You rejects are a HUGE source of the problem. Marc Edwards ... shh now troll... JBearnstine Give it a rest, wanker. Cody Toombs Direct personal insults and blatant flaming will not be tolerated. Cody Toombs Direct personal insults and blatant flaming will not be tolerated. mark Yes exactly - it's interesting that PC platforms are the very opposite, in that Internet is the one permission you can block. And once you can block that, other permissions become less important (it matters less what info an app can read, if it can't send that anywhere). It's precisely the lack of the ability to block internet permission on mobile platforms like android that makes it all the more important to get the other permissions right. h4rr4r Here is in linux land it is a lot more fine tuned than that. Look into SELINUX. ibalamb Yep, exactly. All other permissions only matters if an app can access Internet. Internet permission is the MOST important, not the least important. I really don't get with the backward thinking of Google (and the writer of this article, it seems). Other permissions are only matters if Internet permission is allowed. russjr08 Then route your traffic through a local firewall such as a Linux rig. henry Actually, there's no-root firewall on playstore, which utilize VPN emulation or something. Max, el Slowpoke Even if desktop programmes don't ask for internet permission, I think there should be at least an option for advanced users to revoke that specific permission. Why should something as simple as Notepad need internet access? pfmiller There is a way. In Windows the built in firewall can grant or deny internet access to specific applications. David Ruddock And you can edit your hosts file. There are probably dozens of ways to neuter an app's internet access on Windows if you want to get creative. And, surprise: giving users access to all this power tends to end with them getting malware anyway, so much so that Microsoft is now *forcing* Windows Defender on people in Windows 10 - it cannot be turned off. Luke Harper Erm yes it can, just easily as in earlier versions of the operating system, it shipped in 8 / 8.1 too in the same way. mrnoll It turned off pretty easily for me. bL4Ck as always, Common Sense is the best antivirus/antispyware in the world. Cute Cat Sadly it's a dying breed. Stephan Reich Common sense is NOT common. Fatal1ty_93_RUS How ironic Sruly J Yeah. Then when someone has their devices full of apks from a foreign website (not specifying any countries due to possible criticism from morons who miss my point), and they complain that hackers billed hundreds of dollars through purchases/ ransomware, they criticize Google / Android as being insecure (I know several cases)... Sigh... Android Explained "You will never, ever satisfy privacy nuts." This is what it boils down to right here. gn And thank God for that. I cant imagine a world where everyone moron has the attitude of, Hey no problem. Who cares about privacy and security? I promise you, you wouldnt even have a lock screen on your phone. Android Explained It's all about extremes. You use the extreme example of no one caring about privacy and the privacy nuts have the extreme example of 'OMG my apps can access the internet!'. Google has picked a middle ground and that is what is best for everyone. Who cares if an application can access the internet if you decline it access to your location or other such data, then it has no data to send back to its server NotBaised What are you talking about? Did you just say that we should limit all the other abilities to prevent the possibility that an app could steal stuff. This must be one the most ridiculous things I have ever heard of. Sometimes I am amazed of the stuff fan boys will say to support their beloved and wonderful OS. This is not a cult. It's plain logic, user should have the ability to restrict whatever he wants. It is his/her phone and his/her data. Not allowing the user to do so is plain wrong and ignorant. Android Explained Did you even read this article? Do you know how confusing and difficult it would be for users, let alone for Google and app developers if you could "limit all the other abilities to prevent the possibility that an app could steal stuff"? It has nothing to do with being a 'fan boy' and everything to do with usability. Period. There's a reason why Google dropped the number of permissions down to 6 and it has everything to do with providing the best user experience as possible. Not to allow applications to 'steal stuff'. If you don't trust a developer and their application from 'stealing' your precious data then don't install the application! This whole conversation reminds me of the people who bash the freemium model because they have absolutely zero self control and can't stop themselves from pumping money into one of these games instead of just uninstalling it and moving on. Use some self control and don't install a shady looking application if your data means so much to you. As David said earlier in this thread, you can never ever satisfy the privacy nuts no matter what you do And as Google says, just because an application has access to the internet doesn't mean it can steal your data and send it off. If you don't want the application to send your location data to its server then you can deny the location permission. If you don't want an application from sending your contacts to its server then deny the contacts permission from the application. It really isn't that hard NotBaised Have you read my comment? Usually when you reply it is recommended that it will have something to do with the what the other guy said. I guess that doesn't count when you are a fan boy. The confusing model that you are talking about works for iOS since day one. I am not saying that you can't do better but comparing that to the old model it is far better. Hence why Google's new permission model is the exact replica. "Google says" ohh right well if Google said so than that has to be right, that is halirous. There's a company that makes its leaving by building profiles on users using the Internet so that they could spam them with ads. Anyways I will say this a ten thousand times if I'll have to IT IS IS THE USER'S PHONE. It's plain logic, user should have the ability to restrict whatever he wants. It is his/her phone and his/her data. Not allowing the user to do so is plain wrong and ignorant. Android Explained Privacy nut at its best right here NotBaised Thank you for proving my point about the stupidity, the lack of ability to stay focus on the subject and the child like behavior of a true fanboys. Go play with your Android dolls fany. I am out. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman Yeah, this is exactly what I thought of earlier. Nobody is aware of anything resembling "permissions" on their desktop computer. The applications they install phone home constantly without any awareness by the user, and nobody bats an eye. Cody Toombs To be fair, the most common reason for phoning home on Windows is to run automatic updates since that was the last OS to open any sort of built-in marketplace for apps. If all of the apps on Android needed to manage their own updates, we wouldn't question the need for Internet access. mark To be fair, I suspect the people who don't give a fan on PCs don't care on their phones either. But PCs have got plenty of flak for security issue. If an application on windows tries to phone home, the user can refuse internet permission. Roh_Mish I really hate when people give 1 star reviews to apps when you can see from their review text that it is their mistake such as its clearly mentioned that their device is not supported for certain functions or they had to remove/change something for x reason (such as the recent MX player aac codec issue). Plus each of these one star counts and developers have no option to even petition against such reviews. XCMeathead You can down vote them in the Play Store when you see them - I don't know whether enough down votes makes them not count toward the score though :/ Roh_Mish That's what I do, but it just forces it down when sorting for relevance. It does not affect the score. Andy Roid MX promoted their app as being able to play almost any file including DD/DTS. They then removed the DD/DTS playback due to licensing issues (i.e. they didn't want to pay for a license). That was shameful, they should have paid up or issued a refund to people who bought it in good faith Aaaight Its as easy as downloading a codec and you got dd/dts support again. Master Thomas Jeffri Except for Cheetah Mobile that is. Many hated CM for a reason. Find an article involving Cheetah Mobile's acquisition of QuickPic and you'll see what I mean. Roh_Mish Yup. I hated the.. For taking away quickpic Marcelove And I love to tell you that computers are devices way less "personal" to people than smartphones... People in general store a lot more info at phones... They use computer to activities that don't ask personal info, or at most info that isn't "important"... But phones carry a very detailed profile from its user... So thats the obvious answer why people freak out with permissions when are using mobile devices... Sir_Brizz What in the world are you talking about? Most people do things on their computer that have WAY more personally identifying information than on their phone. Let's start with "their taxes" shall we? Sir_Brizz This is something I always found funny about people who use iOS complaining about the permission system on Android. iOS only gives you control over a small handful of permissions compared to what Android tells you an app needs. In general I still think they should show you any permissions the app is going to use that you can't control when installing from the Play Store, but at least you can still see all the permissions if you go looking for it. yoloswag Phones are far more personal than desktops. For the most, you didn't use desktops to place phone calls. Your desktop didn't follow you around all day giving up to date location information. Huge differences. WORPspeed And with most important data residing in the clouds (emails, purchasing details, bank details, contacts) there is not a whole lot to steal from an individual's computer. Location data, photos, contacts, call logs....the motherload is in the phone, the pc doesn't have that much unless it is a company computer (which for the same reason is heavily protected from attacks, more so than smartphones I would say) Nathan J My desktop Internet isn't capped at 2GB. alamarco Pretty shocking to see a leading blog on Android be so carefree with both privacy and security. According to David, because the average user is too dumb, we shouldn't care about privacy and security. Throw it out the window. Let's all unlock our doors. I'm guessing David also doesn't use Windows. Windows *will* prompt for firewall exclusions, but yes, modern OS's *never* ask for any sort of permissions. Those dialog boxes that pop-up asking for elevated permissions to install programs don't exist either. Cody Toombs That's the wrong interpretation. This isn't a statement that privacy and security aren't important, but an acknowledgement that the specific solution of an Internet permission that can be toggled on or off isn't actually preventing anything. If malicious developers want to steal data, there are a few ways to do it that don't rely on direct Internet access. Dianne Hackborn phrased it quite well in a comment by saying, "the platform shouldn't support security delusions." (Of course, she said plenty of other things to back up that statement.) Keep in mind, the new permission system overlays the existing system, so nothing has suddenly become less secure. Quite the opposite, in fact. If adding the option to toggle Internet for individual apps isn't actually preventing the theft of data, but it could have a massively negative impact on hundreds of thousands of legitimate apps, then it's obviously not the right solution. fjleon It's not about privacy. almost everyone couldn't care less about privacy less than data caps. In my country most people don't have more than 250mb in their data plans. Also, if what little we have is used for ads then it's wasted tim242 You fuckers would defend ads. You are the absolute worst ad offenders of any site I visit. The site loads slow as shit in constipation, and freezes up. You should be ashamed Đức Thành Really? Because my anecdotal evidences say otherwise. And they say that you are the fucker and you won't be missed if you don't ever visit websites like these again and don't post fucking stupid comments like this one. tim242 Everybody bitches about this site's horrific ads. Oh, and I can post my fucking opinion when I see fit. Thanks and come again. Cody Toombs Opinions are fine, but the abusive language and excessive hostility is not. tim242 I suppose you don't listen to the podcast... Myrtle0325 I freelance from home, by working simple jobs that only require a PC and access to internet and I couldn't be happier... It's been 6 months since i started this and i got paid total of $36,000... Basicly i earn 80 bucks each hour and work for three to four hrs a day.Best part to whole this thing is that you can decide when to work yourself and for how long and you get a paycheck weekly.<<<<<<<<<<>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Marc Edwards it's fine for modern desktop os's to have these permissions by default because the majority of modern desktop os usage nags you to install antivirus/malware and firewall. i know that google's bouncer are working in a similar fashion but i just think that when ther'e only one company with little transparancy about how it's going about fighting malware as opposed to a range of open source and corporations fighting viruses and malware the results are going to be flawed. i would also say mobile users are far more likely to install random free things simply because they're free, I probably have h4rr4r You don't know what a firewall is? Really? For some applications it would be. A video game that updates via the play store has no need to internet access. henry So you mean people should never have a choice in the first place? We're taking about Android here, a mobile OS that gives you lot of freedom and choice. You're free to assume that accessing web is safe, for you, but don't assume it's the same for others, and don't force your thinking on others (just like Google did). Give people choices, so they can decide for themselves what safe or not for them. We're not walled garden here. NotBaised Obviously you are baised. You and the rest of us fandroids should change our prespectives from time to time and realy be objective at these matters. The baised game can be played from both sides. One can easily claim that the "way to make money" as Google wants you to believe (https://developers.google.com/ads/) is going out the window once they will let the user restrict an application connectivity. "It will lose the chance of making money without charging the user" they will say, as if using it's mobile data does not cost the user a dime. Now given that Google pretty much owns the ads market, it would be fair to say that they will suffer the consequences indirectly. So taking this point of view, this decision doesnt take in consideration the user's personal sense of security at all, instead IT IS ALL BUSINESS! An objective point of view, one that is not baised, will be force to consider everybody for example - Android is not a American OS. This means that even if in the U.S you have internet which is cheap and available anywhere, there are still countries that charge you a fortune for every byte that you transmit a cross the cellular network. I actually see this desicion to be counter intuative and in contrast with Google's earlier announcments regarding their intentions in the 3rd world markets. So stop being a "Goooooglerrrrr" and try to think critically. LOL "Personal device security is first and foremost a matter of making educated choices as a user". OMG Yes you are so Right! I need to call my Mom and tell her to make more educated desicions! Me: Mom? Mom: Yes dear. Me: David says that you need to make more educated choices when you install apps. Mom: Who is David? Me: Hes from Android Police. Mom: Android has a Police??! Me: What? No Mom its a site for Android fanboys. Mom: Oh, So hes the leading fanboy? Me: Yes, something like that. Mom: So why should I listen to him? Me: Hmmm, Good point I dont really know. Anyways he just meant that you need to be more aware that applications can be harmful. Mom: Harmful? Really? How? Me: Well for example an application that uses the internet and contacts can steal all of thier numbers. Mom: Really??? Me: Yes! Mom: OK so where can I see why an application needs to use the internet? Me: FAIL! Well you can't. Mom: Ok Ok, so how about limiting it's access to the internet? Me: FAIL! Well you can't. Mom: Son, you need to tell the leading fanboy... what was his name again? Me: David? Mom: Yes David, tell him to stop writing stupid things. Me: Ok Mom I will. Mom: When are going to visit? My desktop is very slow, I think it is a virus again.... Me: Oh GOD! Lars "Personal device security is first and foremost a matter of making educated choices as a user." And the ability to make educated choices about which apps can access the internet is being removed. That's not good. "Pretending that we live in a world where accessing the web is an inherently suspicious activity is pointless." Nobody has to pretend that it's inherently suspicious. That's not the point of restricting permissions. The point is that some apps do things you don't want them to, and some people need to restrict certain types of activity, but have the option to allow them on a case-by-case basis. For those who live in China or Iran, who know that unintended internet communication from their phone can land their family in prison, being able to grant internet permission only to trusted apps is not just a luxury. I'm sorry if some developers get 1-starred by clueless users, but I don't think that justifies taking away every user's security controls. The article says that "the opportunity to collect valuable and personally identifiable data just isn't there," but this is clearly untrue. It only takes a few pieces of data to uniquely identify an individual (http://news.mit.edu/2015/identify-from-credit-card-metadata-0129). Camilo I've already done since KitKat using Avast Firewall. For example, I prevent Google Play Services of accessing mobile network and then saves my battery due a Lollipop bug. Max, el Slowpoke You can do that without any other app. If you go to the data meters, you can limit an app's mobile network access. ckempo The question around disabling data started in Lollipop; https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=78084 Personally I'd like to disable it to ensure I stay within my limit, as opposed to privacy concerns, but my Tasker profiles fell apart on the move to L. Joe Micelli What about a permission for run at startup or run in background? TomsDisqusted I'm with you - I think that run at startup is important and I would like to be able to disable it, but I must concede the general point of this article: that the vast majority of users have no idea what that means and the whole system has to be radically simplified for them. Charles7 Thus simple & advanced settings option.....not that hard to do. godutch Maybe they should allow certain permissions by default but make these permissions toggleable. That's how my security solution on windows does it, sane defaults and the possebilty to tweak to super paranoid Roh_Mish They do something similar to that. Read the article. godutch I mean even more than just internet, eg I still see sensors as permission, that could be allowed by default too Maxr1998 I would have no problem with ads if they wouldn't suck data connection that much. My grandparent's tablet has a 1GB flat, and if I forget to turn data off when playing some games, they download many MBs of video ads! Peacen1k Not just data, battery drain also. Juande Maldonado Sánchez I would give an app certain permissions to work with my personal data as long as this app has not permission to use Internet. I don't understand this movement as long as it's done for avoiding people revoking the Internet permission to keep ads away. Google! You're been evil! And that's disappointing. :( Sir_Brizz So the fact that even without "Internet" permission they could still send that data is meaningless to you? dxppxd Well, that's a bug / security issue, not a counter argument. Denying internet access should do just that, apps with denied internet access shouldn't be able to send data even by using intents. Sir_Brizz The fact of the matter is that they can't prevent apps with denied Internet access from sending data using Intents without completely banning them from the Intents system. Allowing people to grant or revoke access to that permission is damaging to the user experience and is no more overpowered than allowing someone access to the Phone state (another permission which you can't control on Android M nor iOS of any version). dxppxd You mean overpowered as the developer menu? Average users don't even know about that menu, but it's there, and it doesn't require root. Allow people to grant and revoke a set of basic permissions, allow people to grant or revoke a set of advanced permissions if they know where to look. Sir_Brizz I mean overpowered as in letting the developer do something they shouldn't. Juande Maldonado Sánchez For the same reason that apps can obtain Internet access using Intents, they could get some personal info "protected" by these permissions. You never know when a developer has secured all of his app Intents. I prefer to have two permissions (access data, and Internet), than having just one (access data). NERV call me jerk but I never allow keyboard to assess internet I don't want they know what I typed. Jeffrey Heesch Jerk. Roh_Mish Jerk. DuckingGold Not sure they would understand it, anyway. Madis Otenurm Well-written article! Roh_Mish Yes. Devashish Shukla Facebook now it my turn Daniel Velazco I agree with their logic, but there's one tiny problem: Keyboards (IME). And Google Play Store won't show the permissions at install time, so there will be no way to know if a keyboard has access to the web. Cody Toombs There will be no in-your-face prompt, but there are still ways to look at permissions manually before and after install. David Ruddock Not to mention input methods have to be explicitly enabled. Daniel Velazco They mentioned a couple of times on the keynote as well as the relevant session that permissions won't be shown before install, with the idea that the "install" button should, install the app and nothing more, their words. They didn't mention anything about showing these permissions on the play store, but I hope they do and I think they should. As for explicitly enabling input methods, yeah I agree, and thankfully there's a big notice already about this. Sir_Brizz You can click the link in the Play Store that shows you what permissions it uses, that's what he was referring to. That has been there for years. Vlad TZ Not if Google Keyboard comes preinstalled AND the default keyboard. Roh_Mish You have to trust google for everything to work as it should that's the catch. saf1927 If were to doubt Google Keyboard, I wouldn't even use Android. abqnm It's exactly the same is Google Play operates now with respect to the "Internet" permission. Ever since the introduction of the simplified permissions a few months back, where you only get asked for certain permissions, "Internet" was automatically granted. For months Android users haven't been notified explicitly that an app requests the "Internet" permission. Let's say you install an app that has only one permission declared: "Internet." When you tap the install box, you will be presented with the popup explaining "This app requires no special permissions." And it will ask you to accept. The app is automatically granted the permission. Now, you can still view what permissions it needs, in their entirety, by going to the bottom of the Play Store listing and tapping "Permission Details." This will list every permission declared, by its common name--meaning "Internet" is displayed as "Full network access." So really this could be called "What hasn't changed in the new Android M permission manager." Marcelove "some permissions are automatically granted at install time and will never require authorization from the user. " And that's why everyone should root and install adaway + xprivacy... If Google let me choose allow or deny interney acess to my apps would put Google products at my whitelist... But it doesn't, so I have no shame to block any advertising at my phone... AndroidPolice is an example: allowing users use apkmirror even with an ad block made me put both sites at my adblock's whitelist... Google denying users to choose internet access control just to force ads should be answered blocking them... Charles7 Yep! M isn't going to change any of this for me.... Root & add security! ergu I'm not so sure, rooting seems to be getting more and more difficult... Charles7 If it gets impossible I'll be looking at other platforms....Ubuntu is starting to do something. Alamin "Thanks for your nice post . I Learn Many Informative Matter. I hope Next time You will post more informative Post" Shank I believe the rationale Google originally used in downgrading Internet to an always yes situation was that any app could launch the web browser intent, which bypassed the permission and could be used to sneak data out of the OS anyway. It wasn't guarding anything. Ilya Geller Search engines, like Google, are obsolete: being structured data can search for you and you will get only specifically tailored for you information. No intermediates between you and information. You stay passive, invisible on Internet because you get everything in your own phone or computer. I discovered and patented how to structure any data: Language has its own Internal parsing, indexing and statistics. For instance, there are two sentences: a) 'Sam!’ b) 'A loud ringing of one of the bells was followed by the appearance of a smart chambermaid in the upper sleeping gallery, who, after tapping at one of the doors, and receiving a request from within, called over the balustrades -'Sam!'.' Evidently, that the 'Sam' has different importance into both sentences, in regard to extra information in both. This distinction is reflected as the phrases, which contain 'Sam', weights: the first has 1, the second – 0.08; the greater weight signifies stronger emotional ‘acuteness’. First you need to parse obtaining phrases from clauses, restoring omitted words, for sentences and paragraphs. Next, you calculate Internal statistics, weights; where the weight refers to the frequency that a phrase occurs in relation to other phrases. After that data is indexed by common dictionary, like Webster, and annotated by subtexts. This is a small sample of the structured data: this - signify - : 333333 speaking - done - once : 333112 speaking - was - both : 333109 place - is - in : 250000 To see the validity of technology - pick up any sentence. Do you have a pencil? As you can see, from the sample above, structured data cannot be read and understood: does not have sense to spy after you or steal your profile. sirtao IMHO Google should add a INTERNET.ADS permission that apps have to use for their ADs. Make THAT unblockable and let me block that fucking data-eating app mt_xing Sounds wonderful, except developers would just declare all data capabilities as ads if that happened. sirtao I don't think so. I mean, WHY should they do something like that? They get money from the ADs, as long as they work the HONEST developers shouldn't care much. Dishonest developers? They'll be dishonest regardless. Fellwalker So why do apps currently want my device ID, MCC and MNC, Network Operator Name, SERIAL number, and so on when they work perfectly without? I see from the link that all of this is down to the developer complying with the guidelines, rather than Android M itself controlling the access to permissions. Arcest Being root you can use a firewall, and without root you can use a vpn tunnel app where you can also block internet for each app. Robert_AU More users coming from a desktop OS where a firewall is installed by default and antivirus software is normal, there are a significant number of security aware users looking for these functions on Android. I've always use firewalls on my Android devices to limit internet access to only those apps that I want to allow. Combined with Xprivacy, I have fine control of app permissions and can address the holes that might be used to get around my firewall. As someone that is comfortable in Windows and Linux, user and administration tasks, I am probably not an average user. Friends and family that are not particularly computer literate are taking more of an interest in their privacy and security than even before. Whether it is general media stories on the NSA mass surveillance programs, stories on privacy issues or just a realisation of how valuable the data on their smart phone is, they are taking more notice and asking how they protect themselves. WORPspeed Can someone with Android M please answer me this: -Can you still disable background data for apps? Because then in the worst case scenario you can enable airplane mode before opening the app (if I understand the background data app thing correctly) Nathan J I'm probably going to go over my 2GB allotment with Verizon this month. I'm not particularly worried. It's $10 a GB after the 2GB (yet they want $15/mo more for the 3GB plan... Verizon is not good at math). And I went on vacation, I spent a week in Connecticut with family who do not use the Internet, so I had no Wi-Fi. I knew all this going in and I tried to be conservative, but I'm a nerd and I'm connected and all that, and right now I'm sitting at 1,701MB (go Star Trek!). I have 299MB to last me 9 days. I can probably do it, but I'm not sweating it. My wife went over on hers already and I don't know what US Cellular (her carrier) charges. But if I do go over, I wonder if any advertising agencies want to spot me that $10. Of course they don't. It's their business to make money, even if that means contributing to my data going over the plan limit and taking money out of my wallet, and food off of my table. It's like, I believe it was Artem, said, "Pay me or [expletive] off." He was talking about how he writes guides and articles for a living, and advertisers pay his wages, and he was speaking to people who block ads. And he's not wrong, but the sentiment goes both ways, as now ads, in some small part, are costing me money. Fully aware I'm being pedantic, but I feel it's a valid point. And I can paint Google with some of the blame. They want to get rid of memory cards, they want to keep device storage small, because they sell cloud storage. Cool. I'm even willing to pay, so long as they're willing to pay my overages. How can I make use of the cloud on 2GB a month? And "Move to New York City so you can use T-Mobile" isn't a valid answer. There are answers out there. Ads can be preloaded on Wi-Fi. The app can track offline ad impressions and report them when the device goes on Wi-Fi, at which point it might delete a few ads and download a few to replace them. When bandwidth is at a premium, Google shouldn't be helping apps use more of it. Manol Chalakov I don't think that ads are using so much data.Google compresses the images and the videos and the text is less than 1kb. Also the reason they switched to the cloud is not for selling storage(they're not making money from 10$/month for 1TB at Drive) - it's all about your data.They know more about you so they can target ads even better and improve the Knowledge Graph. The problem here is the US carriers.I can't believe how much they charge you for this amount of data. Here in Bulgaria - 10GB on max speed and then unlimited at lower speeds + unlimited calls and sms = about 15$ :D Maybe download "Opera Max" to save some data. Nathan J Ironically I use Opera Max as well as the browser, desktop and mobile. And the point isn't lost on me, that I'm saving more data with Opera than ads are costing me. American carriers are a problem, but we don't have an alternative and they know it. dxppxd Seriously WTF. How about we turn the question around? How relevant are ALL OTHER PERMISSIONS if you can revoke internet access? Instead, we get a full page trying to explain why revoking internet access is not needed if you revoke other permissions, and then not really providing an answer to the counter argument (what if we grant another permission but don't want it sending such data over the internet?). Seriously, WTF. QikOver The answer you're looking for is not to be a chump. If you don't trust an app to have your contacts and access to the internet, then don't download that app. You're trying to act like the only solution is to hold all of your apps hostage and dole out data as if it were bread and water. If you want your apps go without crash reporting, analytics, and online services, that's fine. There will be developers that make apps to suit your needs, but don't expect that from very many. I'm not going to stop making apps that make good use of online services, but somebody will want your money, assuming there are even enough of you willing to pay for apps like that. dxppxd Well, just outright not downloading the app is the current situation, isn't it? Choosing where to put your trust, what to share, who to share it with, has never been an all or nothing deal, ever. Do you go about your daily life sharing everything with everyone? Do you cut all ties with someone just because there was something you wouldn't share with them? Or rather, you pick, some stuff here, some stuff there. So why it's suddenly all or nothing when dealing with apps that can access a lot of personal information? Andy Roid How do we know which apps we can trust? And even if we can trust the app, who's to say they won't sell up to a dodgy dev and become bad? Manol Chalakov If you want 100% security and privacy buy Nokia 1100. This thing is so old(but still working) that even the NSA don't have the technology to spy on it :D No really ,the "trust strangers" thing got forgotten in a cave ,a long long time ago. m-p{3} This is most likely to avoid users from denying access to the Internet to apps like games that uses ads as their main source of revenue. Worst case I'll put my phone in airplane mode if I really want to play without ads, but that's effectively cutting me out of everything else. Lee Winkler While I totally understand the logic behind automatically granting the internet provision to apps at download time, there are some apps that REALLY shouldnt have it.....The best example is the Flashlight app that became famous for being malware....there are many utility apps that have no need for internet.... ergu Early astronomers believed that the sun and extra-terrestrial planets revolved around the Earth, just as the moon does. Because this was not actually what was happening, they observed anomalies in the motion of the planets, which they explained as 'epicycles', retrograde loops that interrupted the normal path of the planet. This was mathematically complicated, and imprecise, but was regarded as fact for nearly a thousand years. Then, a mathematician named Copernicus turned everything on its head and suggested a heliocentric model, which, at the time, was actually still quite complicated and error-ridden, due to a few lingering incorrect assumptions, but eventually, despite over 100 years of denial, a refined, and much simpler model that involved the earth and other planets revolving around the sun began to gain acceptance. Today, as a thought exercise, we often consider this major mistake we were barely correcting just over 400 years ago when we're looking at competing theories. So, I would suggest that you consider comparing AP's paragraphs and paragraphs of rationalization to this one sentence: Google, an Internet advertising company prevents end users from limiting Internet access in order to sell more Internet ads. Manol Chalakov Ummm...did you read the part that says that Google can push ads from Google Play Services(which can't be blocked by default).Google is actually allowing us to take the control of our data back. Ads - root - adblocker - problem solved ;) Android Developer This whole permissions confirmations mechanism is a very weird decision to me. I think most people care more about their private photos than contacts-list information (phone numbers etc). Before, at least you saw the permission to access the internet and the storage. Now it will be granted for all apps without you even knowing or confirming it. All apps will actually be able to upload all your photos. M-ads Schultz Android was build to allow Google to move its advertising network to mobile devices. Plus Google also knows that most apps are free and rely on those advertisements. For those reasons alone Google cannot create a permission for internet access. Alexandre Leites Google can just tunnel their ads system with GPS and then the internet thing is solved. You can disable internet and still have ads Manol Chalakov imagine a world where everybody has satellite GPS internet for free...dreams Alexandre Leites GPS = Google Play Services :P Manol Chalakov I meant satellite internet :) GPS = Global Possitioning System DrDoppio Airplane mode. SES21 OK, help me understand using this specific example. I have an app installed that reads EMV chip card data via NFC. The only permissions it requests now are IAP for donations & NFC to read the cards. I've been comfortable with it because it doesn't have internet access & doesn't store data on the system. In the new App Permission scenario, how can I be sure that it isn't sending my info off to some server somewhere since it will have internet access by default? I obviously have to allow NFC permission or it won't work. Cody Toombs As I stated in the article, apps must still declare that they use the Internet permission. Nothing has changed in that regard. You can still look at the list of required permissions in the Play Store before and after downloading an application, you just won't automatically get a prompt with the list of permissions when you hit the Install button. To see the list, just scroll down to the bottom of the app page and look for the text "Permission details." Tap on that and look in the 'Other' category for the text "Full network access." That's the Internet permission. I don't expect that to disappear. For what it's worth, NFC is not currently listed as a permission that requires user authorization (here's the list); but it's been mentioned a few times that the list isn't complete, so it may be added by the final release. SES21 I know about the Permission details in the Play Store & already pay attention to them before I even begin to install. It just wasn't clear to me in your article that those would still be listed there & available for review. Prasad P Since Google has allowed free data access to apps, I installed 'No root firewall' to restrict data access to apps which use it show ads. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=app.greyshirts.firewall&hl=en oningam Google is winning this game but that doesn't mean they are right. I loved Symbian and Android is still missing a lot of user oriented features because they thing they know better than myself what I want. what is going on Something doesn't sound right. So they will go one step further in M and instead of permission groups, they will show nothing. The user has to scroll way down and click tiny link to see new list of very generic permissions that convey nothing...? Wow. My whole issue with Android is that I can't trust any apps other than Google and ones I have no choice, bank,chat. I was hoping M would shift things so I could use my phone more. I've been waiting so long. I was worried about getting N6 or wait till November for next Nexus. If this is it, I seriously think I will switch to Apple when my N5 dies. Not seeing what Android brings to table. If I'm stuck with only Google apps for one more year,... I might as well go with 6+ and have great support. I'll wait till M launches but wow I never thought I'd be leaving Android. what the hell Just to be clear, towelroot is why don't frivolously give internet access to everything. Talk about going in wrong direction. You’re just not very smart You must not have read very much because you're totally missing the point. Google added a whole new check for permissions. Nothing was removed. You just don't have to tap a second install button to get an app. Kasey Clark I think Chainfire makes an app that will run on rooted devices that will allow the user to access all the permissions of an app independently and toggle them at will. I used it in the past with a couple devices just due to the level of power it has to do exactly this.....kill an apps ability to connect to an ad server. I know that is "not very nice" to the devs of all the apps but the real question I have is how many ads is too many ads? Some apps are popping an add every time you touch the screen, making the app unusable in it's current state (mostly games, of course), why would you NOT want less ads on it. I usually pay for the ad free version of an app if I like it and would continue to do so. But I will always try to kill as many ads as possible on my machine. Thomas Cai Jinzhan The Elders of the Internet approves... Choda Boy Of course, Google could add an Internet permission and just default it to ALLOW. No user would be prompted (because the permission was already allowed) and concerned users could manually disable the permission and potentially suffer the consequences for that action. The security conscious would have a way to disallow unfettered Internet access. Apps that rely on ads could simply ask the user to restore Internet access or else the app will not work without it. Ettercap Let's just be honest, the real reason Google didn't allow users to disable internet permissions is because they want all that ad revenue on your free calculator app and other such free apps that indeed do not require Internet permissions at all except to spam the living daylight out of you, I don't blame them at all they probably make serious money off free offline games and things that choose to use Google ads within their applications. Let's not lie to people about it though, let's just be honest, let's just be real, let's just be honest, we all know the deal. Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 108 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 126 queries | 0.602s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
skip to main content Real. Reliable. Texas Public Radio. Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Arts & Culture Bioscience-Medicine Border & Immigration Business Education Environment Government & Politics Technology & Entrepreneurship Texas Classical KPAC Blog Classics a la Carte Performance Saturday San Antonio Symphony Programs The Source Texas Matters Texas Standard Fronteras World Music with Deirdre Saravia Live At Jazz, TX StoryCorps South Texas Worth Repeating HearSA All Programs Schedules KSTX 89.1 FM - San Antonio KPAC 88.3 FM - San Antonio KTXI 90.1 FM - Hill Country KTPR 89.9 FM - Big Country KVHL 91.7 FM - Highland Lakes KTPD 89.3 FM - Del Rio KCTI 1450 AM - Gonzales Events/Initiatives Upcoming And Recent TPR Events Cinema Tuesdays Silver Solutions Think Science Community Calendar Submit a Calendar Event Support Individual Membership Business & Professional Membership Nonprofit Community Partnership Underwriting: Nonprofits Underwriting: For-profits Sponsorship Opportunities Day Sponsorship Leave A Legacy Vehicle Donation Volunteer Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Meet Our Staff Contact TPR Free TPR Mobile App Sign Up For Our Newsletter Search Menu Home News Arts & Culture Bioscience-Medicine Border & Immigration Business Education Environment Government & Politics Technology & Entrepreneurship Texas Classical KPAC Blog Classics a la Carte Performance Saturday San Antonio Symphony Programs The Source Texas Matters Texas Standard Fronteras World Music with Deirdre Saravia Live At Jazz, TX StoryCorps South Texas Worth Repeating HearSA All Programs Schedules KSTX 89.1 FM - San Antonio KPAC 88.3 FM - San Antonio KTXI 90.1 FM - Hill Country KTPR 89.9 FM - Big Country KVHL 91.7 FM - Highland Lakes KTPD 89.3 FM - Del Rio KCTI 1450 AM - Gonzales Events/Initiatives Upcoming And Recent TPR Events Cinema Tuesdays Silver Solutions Think Science Community Calendar Submit a Calendar Event Support Individual Membership Business & Professional Membership Nonprofit Community Partnership Underwriting: Nonprofits Underwriting: For-profits Sponsorship Opportunities Day Sponsorship Leave A Legacy Vehicle Donation Volunteer Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Meet Our Staff Contact TPR Free TPR Mobile App Sign Up For Our Newsletter Search Google Cars Become Air Pollution Monitors In New Study By Mose Buchele, KUT News & Mose Buchele, KUT News • Jun 6, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Researchers developed detailed maps of air pollution in Oakland, Calif. American Chemical Society Originally published on June 6, 2017 7:33 am Researchers mounted air pollution monitors on Google cars driving around to record images for the tech giant's Street View maps. The result, they say, is a new way to measure and track air quality. The research team, which included members from UT Austin, Google and the Environmental Defense Fund, drove the cars around Oakland, Calif., testing for pollution that comes from vehicles and other sources of combustion. To get a reliable estimate of pollution levels, the cars pass down the same street around 30 times at different times of the year. The researchers took that data and created what they’re calling “hyper-local” maps of pollution. Joshua Apte, the UT engineering researcher who led the study, said the maps show how “remarkably variable” pollution can be within cities. “We can see some neighborhoods have many areas, even specific blocks, where pollution levels are consistently several times higher than elsewhere,” he said. “These hotspots include busy intersections, restaurants, warehouses and factories.” The team said the monitoring technique could be easy and relatively inexpensive to replicate in other cities. Including Austin? “I would love to do that,” Apte said, “but not immediately.” He said one of the reasons the team chose Oakland was because it was right down the street from Google "so it was easier to experiment with these new technologies.”  Copyright 2017 KUT 90.5. To see more, visit KUT 90.5. Tags:  Texas Station Collaborative Google TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content New Bill Aims To Get More Driverless Cars On Texas Roads By Paul Flahive • May 26, 2017 Lennon Maldonado A Lincoln MKZ glides easily through a tight figure eight of cones on Southwest Research Institute's San Antonio Campus. Researcher Mark Alban isn't driving, though behind the wheel, as the car completes its route. "We can pretty much drive anywhere the computer can plot a path" says engineer Kris Kozak.  Kozak uses a mounted tablet to select where the car should go and  the car accelerates towards the cones once again. Where Will Google Fiber's Backbone Be? Here's A Map. By Paul Flahive • Jan 4, 2017 Google Fiber In November, TPR reported on the future of Google's high-speed Internet network in San Antonio. In an update to the City Council, city staff presented a map of the fiber-optic cable route the tech giant was installing. Light on detail, the map left many neighborhood members wondering where the cable would be laid, and how it would impact them. "It's uh...It's a good map, but it's not as detailed as I was looking for," says Douglas Boom. © 2017 Texas Public Radio About TPR Support TPR Financial Reports Public Events Calendar Employment/EEO Community Advisory Board Nominations Privacy Policy Contact TPR
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Digital Transformation Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google Maps: Street View cars could soon reveal how polluted your neighborhood really is Google has released its first map showing air-pollution levels captured by its Street View cars over the course of a year in one location. By Liam Tung | June 6, 2017 -- 13:48 GMT (06:48 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Google Maps plots pollution hotspots correlated with routes frequently carrying heavy-duty and medium-duty truck traffic. Joshua Apte/Google Google has released its first block-by-block map of air-pollution levels, captured with mobile sensors hitched to its Street View cars. The new pollution map is the result of a year-long project with the Environmental Defense Fund and Aclima, which makes sensor networks. Google's vehicles were equipped with these monitors and sampled each street in areas of Oakland, California, about 30 times over the past year to get a picture of the effects of 'hyperlocal' pollution. The project aims to fill gaps in air-quality data collected by the three stationary monitors in Oakland operated by the Bay Area Air Quality Management District. It has a total of 15 in the Bay Area. While we're used to seeing Maps displaying traffic congestion, the air-quality map offers a view of streets with different concentrations of dangerous particles, including black carbon, nitric oxide, and nitrogen dioxide. Zooming in on the map illustrates specific streets and pockets where pollution collects, often near homes, schools and community centers. The street-level data is at a 30m/98ft scale and covers an area of about 30 square kilometers, or 11.6 square miles. The data revealed that pollution patterns, attributable to local sources, can vary by five to eight times within individual city blocks, according to a paper by a group of researchers led by University of Texas of Austin researcher Joshua Apte. "Since local variation in air quality profoundly impacts public health and environmental equity, our results have important implications for how air pollution is measured and managed. If validated elsewhere, this readily scalable measurement approach could address major air-quality data gaps worldwide," the paper notes. The data turned up specific hotspots where multiple pollutants far exceeded ambient levels. The researchers attributed the higher concentrations to plausible causes, including intersections along a major truck route, vehicle-repair facilities, and industrial sites with frequent truck traffic. The researchers believe mobile air-quality measurement can be scaled further since spatial patterns can be observed accurately with fewer drive times. Future studies may also use other fleets of vehicles, such as public transport, delivery vehicles and taxis. While it could be expanded to other cities around the world, the researchers estimate that 500 vehicles could map 25 of the largest US urban areas, covering a third of the total US population. Scientists can apply to Google to request access to its air-quality data. More on Google Chrome 59 is out: Bug fixes, native macOS notifications, Windows 10 Action Center support in the works Google faces $9b antitrust fine from EU Commission: Report Sick of ads? Now you can pay Google not to see them, plus sites can charge ad-blocker users Google names 42 Android devices with users running security updates from last two months Google's spreadsheet editor Sheets gets more machine learning features Android creator Andy Rubin launches his modular Essential phone Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Banking ​Commonwealth Bank looks to three-hour code release nirvana Innovation BP invests $20m into AI startup Beyond Limits to transform oil and gas exploration Innovation Project Wing successfully tests drone management platform Artificial Intelligence Bringing voice control to the office of the future × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance ZDNet Academy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Nikhil Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 MarketResearchNest.com adds “Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Market Report 2017”new report to its research database. The report spread across 104 pages with table and figures in it.   Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (K Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Artificial Intelligence Products for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Korea Taiwan Global Artificial Intelligence Products market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Artificial Intelligence Products sales volume, Price (USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Open AI IBM NEC Nuance�s Google Microsoft Corp Ipsoft Google Rocket Fuel Inc Fingenius Ltd Browse full table of contents and data tables at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/global-artificial-intelligence-products-sales-market-report-2017.html   On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (K Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Computer/GPU Chip Hardware Cloud Hardware Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Artificial Intelligence Products for each application, including Media & Advertising Healthcare Automotive & Transportation Other   Order a Purchase Report Copy at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/purchase.php?reportid=214358   Major Points in Table of content   Figure Product Picture of Artificial Intelligence Products Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Volume Comparison (K MT) by Type (2012-2022) Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Volume Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 Figure 48% HBr Product Picture Figure 62% HBr Product Picture Figure Other Product Picture Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Comparison (K MT) by Application (2012-2022) Figure Global Sales Market Share of Artificial Intelligence Products by Application in 2016 Figure Inorganic Bromides Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in Inorganic Bromides Figure Organic Bromine Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in Organic Bromine Figure Pharmaceuticals Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in Pharmaceuticals Figure Other Examples Table Key Downstream Customer in Other Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Market Size (Million USD) by Regions (2012-2022) Figure United States Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure China Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Europe Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Japan Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Southeast Asia Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure India Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Volume (K MT) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Growth Rate (2012-2022) Figure Global Market Major Players Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Volume (K MT) (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales (K MT) of Key Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Figure 2016 Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Share by Players/Suppliers Figure 2017 Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Share by Players/Suppliers Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Share by Players/Suppliers (2012-2017) Table 2016 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Share by Players Table 2017 Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Share by Players Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales (K MT) and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Share (K MT) by Type (2012-2017) Figure Sales Market Share of Artificial Intelligence Products by Type (2012-2017) Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Growth Rate by Type (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Type (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Share by Type (2012-2017) Figure Revenue Market Share of Artificial Intelligence Products by Type (2012-2017) Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Growth Rate by Type (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Volume (K MT) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Share by Region (2012-2017) Figure Sales Market Share of Artificial Intelligence Products by Region (2012-2017) Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Growth Rate by Region in 2016 Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Share (%) by Region (2012-2017) Figure Revenue Market Share of Artificial Intelligence Products by Region (2012-2017) Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Growth Rate by Region in 2016 Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017) Table Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Share (%) by Region (2012-2017) Figure Revenue Market Share of Artificial Intelligence Products by Region (2012-2017) Figure Global Artificial Intelligence Products Revenue Market Share by Region in 2016   Request a sample copy at https://www.marketresearchnest.com/requestsample.php?reportid=214358   About Us:            MarketResearchNest.com is the most comprehensive collection of market research products and servArtificial Intelligence Products Saless on the Web. We offer reports from almost all top publishers and update our collection on daily basis to provide you with instant online access to the world’s most complete and recent database of expert insights on global industries, organizations, products, and trends.   Contact Us          Mr. Jeet Jain Sales Manager sales@marketresearchnest.com +1-240-284-8070(U.S) +44-20-3290-4151(U.K) Connect with us:  Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter | Facebook CategoriesArtificial Intelligence Products Sales Analysis, Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Growth, Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Industry, Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Industry Trends, Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Share, Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Size, Artificial Intelligence Products Sales Trends, Google News TagsArtificial Intelligence Products Sales, Artificial Intelligence Products Sales market, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Software Tool “PlanCheckr” Announces CEFEX Certification for Fiduciary Excellence Next PostNext Optoelectronics Market: Optoelectronic Applications Boosted by Gift of ‘Photonic Water’ Search Recent Posts Asia-Pacific Pressure Sensitive Paper Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 Good Growth Opportunities in Global Malt Market Till 2026 Corporate News Blog – Elbit Systems of America Wins Contract to Deliver Panoramic Cockpit Display Units for F-35 Aircrafts Mobile Advertising (mAdvertising) market expected to grow at a CAGR of nearly 20% Including Key Players Amtel, Anam Technologies Blue Coat Asia-Pacific Pressure Sensitive Adhesive Tapes Market Research Report 2017 to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Computing Phones Cars Gaming Science Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Electronics Google Home Outage Shows Smart Homes Can Be Dumb Sometimes Google Home Outage Shows Smart Homes Can Be Dumb Sometimes By Ryan Whitwam on June 6, 2017 at 10:02 am Comment Google launched its Google Home hardware last year as a way to bring the Google Assistant into your daily life. Unlike Assistant on a phone, Home is designed for everyone to use, and it launched with various smart home integrations like Philips Hue lights and Nest thermostats. Google has been talking a big game when it comes to voice recognition and control, but a small hiccup on Google’s end over the weekend is a reminder just how fragile a “smart home” platform can be. Beginning on Thursday or Friday and going through early Monday, Google Home became unresponsive to many users. Not everyone was affected, but those who were simply got an error message as soon as using the “OK Google” trigger word to wake up the device. “Hmm, something went wrong. Try again in a few seconds,” it would say over and over. The thread on Google’s support forums contained dozens of reports of this behavior. Meanwhile, threads of similar complaints popped up on the Google Home subreddit. It’s fair to say this was a widespread issue—in fact, both the Google Homes use in my house were affected. Interestingly, Google Assistant on phones was not affected. Google responded to the outage complaints over the weekend and noted that engineers were working on a fix. Everything is working fine again right now, but this might convince some people to pull back on the smart home devices. Many of these devices replace something as simple as a light switch or a door lock. The luster comes off when you spend 10 seconds bantering with a defective AI, and then have to walk across the room and flip a switch anyway. Google Assistant on phones was unaffected. This is the situation with which I was confronted. My lighting is controlled by Google Home, and I couldn’t use it. I had a strange moment where I had to actually think about what I should do in order to turn on a light. Never in my life had that been something I had to think about before. Google and Amazon both have powerful voice recognition engines at work in their smart hubs, and lots of devices that connect to them. Voice is a great way to interact with these platforms. But as more people dip their toes in the home automation waters, the rough edges are going to become all the more apparent. It won’t really take off until my smart hub is as reliable as a light switch. Tagged In google smart home google home google assistant Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Gamers Claim to Want Backwards Compatibility. Why Don’t They Use It? Jun 8 How BioWare Went Wrong With Mass Effect Andromeda Jun 8 New Fossil Discovery Rewrites History of First Human Beings Jun 7 Cosmic Rays Could Be Even More Dangerous to Mars Explorers Than Thought Jun 7 Hands On With Augmented Reality From ODG and Meta Jun 7 Facebook Twitter About Contact Newsletters Advertise More from Ziff Davis: PCMag AskMen Computer Shopper Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us 5 things to watch in Comey’s testimony on Trump and Russia GOP uncertainty over Obamacare drives out insurers Paul Ryan’s debt ceiling conundrum White-collar lawyers see opportunity in Trump scandals Trump ‘all in’ on Senate Obamacare repeal The Scandal Hiding In Plain Sight Politico Morning Cybersecurity A daily briefing on politics and cybersecurity Get the Morning Cybersecurity Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print NSA report says Russians targeted election officials By Tim Starks 06/06/2017 10:00 AM EDT With help from Cory Bennett, Eric Geller and Martin Matishak RUSSIAN HACKERS TARGETED ELECTION OFFICIALS — Russian hackers tried to compromise local election officials’ computers using data stolen from an election software vendor, according to an apparent classified NSA report. The document — which The Intercept published Monday and several other media outlets verified — reveals that in August 2016, Russia’s military intelligence agency, known as the GRU, sent spearphishing emails to employees of a company that sells voter database software. The report does not identify the company, but it does mention software created by a Florida-based company called VR Systems. In October, CNN reported that Russian hackers had breached a Florida-based election software vendor. Story Continued Below Like the malicious emails sent to Hillary Clinton campaign workers and DNC staffers, the spearphishing messages to the election software firm purported to be from Google and asked victims to enter their passwords on a spoofed Google site. At least some of those attempts were evidently successful, because the hackers then used information stolen from the company to target local election officials. The NSA report does not say whether any of those attempts were successful. Even if Russia gained access to local election officials’ personal computers, they would have had a difficult time changing vote tallies. Depending on the setup of the affected election offices, the hackers might have been able to leapfrog from officials’ personal computers to the machines that program ballot cartridges, which are then inserted into voting machines. The NSA appears to have caught the person who leaked the report to The Intercept, and is charging them under the Espionage Act — a first for an administration that has vowed to crack down on leakers. On Monday, the Justice Department announced that it was charging a 25-year-old intelligence community contractor with printing classified information and mailing it to an online news outlet. Both the criminal complaint and the Intercept story refer to documents dated May 5. According to DOJ, after the news outlet asked the unnamed agency for comment on the document, the agency examined it, noticed that it had been printed and then re-scanned, and determined that only six people with access to the report had printed it. Only one — a Georgia woman named Reality Leigh Winner — had emailed the news outlet. Winner subsequently admitted to sending the intelligence document to the news organization. ABC News, NBC News and Reuters reported that Winner was arrested for leaking the NSA document to The Intercept. HAPPY TUESDAY and welcome to Morning Cybersecurity! On Thursday morning, Shaw’s Tavern in D.C. is offering vodka shots for $5 during the “Comey Hearing Covfefe.” Send your thoughts, feedback and especially tips to tstarks@politico.com, and be sure to follow @timstarks, @POLITICOPro, and @MorningCybersec. Full team info is below. A NEW CRIMINAL CHIEF — President Donald Trump on Monday nominated Brian Benczkowski to lead the Justice Department’s criminal division, which handles cyber investigations. Benczkowski is currently a partner in the D.C. office of Kirkland & Ellis. He previously worked in the Justice Department and on both congressional Judiciary panels, where, on the House committee, he worked explicitly on cybersecurity. FIVE BUCKS FOR A BAG OF PEANUTS? — Trump wants to make air traffic control great again. On Monday, the president unveiled a plan to privatize the air traffic control system, a move that the White House said would pave the way for innovative technological upgrades and security enhancements, but that Democrats said would do the exact opposite. “At a time when every passenger has GPS technology in their pockets,” Trump said, “our air traffic control system still runs on radar and ground-based radio systems that they don’t even make anymore, they can’t even fix anymore, and many controllers must use slips of paper to track our thousands and thousands of planes that are up in the air.” The White House said the new system would have to be “secure, robust, and resilient,” adding that the new air traffic control system “must be able to detect and defeat malicious cyber-based efforts to manipulate or degrade its operations.” The FAA is currently in the process of upgrading to its NextGen system, which will help route flights more efficiently, but also make it easier for cyber saboteurs to infiltrate the increasingly connected network. And the FAA has already acknowledged that its current system has “significant security control weaknesses” that could allow hackers to wreak havoc with the thousands of flights in the air during the day. Digital security threats to aviation networks have also long been a concern among lawmakers. Sen. Ed Markey, a Massachusetts Democrat, has introduced legislation that would require airlines and airplane manufacturers to meet cybersecurity standards, and he has pressed the FAA to adopt its own cyber regulations. The FAA hasn’t gone that far, but in 2015, it did convene a group of industry officials to discuss protecting aircraft from hackers. In April, Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao hired a senior adviser to focus on modernizing the FAA’s systems, including its computer networks. A PUSH FOR PAPER IN GEORGIA’S SPECIAL ELECTION — A Superior Court judge this week will hear a case being brought against Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp that calls for the Peach State to stop using its voting machines in Georgia’s 6th Congressional District special election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel. Election day is June 20, but early voting started on May 30. “Georgia’s voter system is not federally certified, although the state has touted federal certification for years, and the system no longer meets federal certification standards — even the 1990 standards the state previously applied,” said Donna Curling, a plaintiff in the case brought by Georgians for Verified Voting, in a statement. “The only way to ensure we have a secure election in June is to use paper ballots.” The June 7 court date won’t be the first time Georgia’s voting system has been in the spotlight. Late last year, Kemp asked then President-elect Trump to investigate whether the Homeland Security Department had tried to hack his state’s networks — a charge DHS flatly denied. The request came after a nasty feud between Kemp and DHS over the agency’s decision to classify the nation’s electoral infrastructure as "critical infrastructure," on par with the financial sector or power grid. Kemp fears the move constitutes federal overreach. GROUP TO SUPREMES: HELP! — The Electronic Frontier Foundation is backing a push to get the Supreme Court to review a ruling that critics say could vastly expand the scope of the chief federal anti-hacking law. The organization filed a “friend of the court” brief Monday. In the case, David Nosal, a former employee of the Korn/Ferry executive recruiting firm, and others used a current employee’s password to access a company database. The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that Nosal was guilty under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of accessing a computer system without authorization. “This ruling threatens to turn millions of ordinary computer users into criminals,” said EFF Staff Attorney Jamie Williams. “Innocuous conduct such as logging into a friend’s social media account or logging into a spouse’s bank account, with their permission but in violation of a corporate prohibition on password sharing, could result in a CFAA prosecution.” EFF wants the Supreme Court to narrow the definition of “authorization” under the CFAA. MERGERS, THEY’RE ELECTRIC — The Department of Veterans Affairs announced it will scrap its decades-old electronic health record system for an off-the-shelf one used by the Pentagon. Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin said his agency will ditch its own, existing Veterans Information Systems and Technology Architecture, or VistA, and adopt MHS Genesis, the same EHR system that DoD is deploying. All patient data will reside in a common Cerner Millennium system. Shulkin said the decision was driven, in part, because the “current VistA system is in need of major modernization to keep pace with the improvements in health information technology and cybersecurity, and software development is not a core competency of VA.” Another concern was security, he said, noting “the need for VA to adopt significant cybersecurity enhancements, and we intend to leverage the architecture, tools and processes that have already been put in place to protect DoD data, to include both physical and virtual separation from commercial clients.” Shulkin added that the Office of American Innovation, led by Trump senior adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner, helped drive the change. Speaking at the White House, Trump hailed the announcement, saying that in the past, "it has taken not just days or weeks but many months for the records to follow the veteran.” Conceding "there is still much work to do," he said the decision was "truly wonderful, really monumental reform." LETTER ABOUT A LETTER, AND A REPLY — A pair of House Democrats on Monday sent a letter to the Office of Personnel Management over what they said they were told was a policy of refusing to answer congressional Dems’ oversight requests. Reps. Kathleen Rice and Derek Kilmer, both leaders of the centrist New Democrat Coalition, sent a letter last month to OPM asking it to consider flexible cybersecurity hiring and training options. But an OPM spokesperson told MC that its policy isn’t specific to Democrats. “OPM responds to letters from individual members on a case-by-case basis,” the spokesperson said. “It represents a practice followed for many years, regardless of which party is in the majority. In this case, OPM will address and respond to the letter directly.” IT’S THE SUBTEXT — Rep. John Ratcliffe, who chairs the House Homeland Security panel’s cybersecurity subcommittee, recently toured the National Computer Forensics Institute, which Trump proposes eliminating in his fiscal 2018 budget. Ratcliffe, by contrast, has sponsored legislation (H.R. 1616) that passed through the House to authorize the institute, which trains law enforcement on cybercrime investigations. "Due to the increasingly complicated challenges our law enforcement officers face in the digital age, it's incredibly important to ensure our United States Secret Service officers can effectively collaborate with their state and local counterparts to advance their mutual goals in solving crimes in every jurisdiction,” Ratcliffe told MC of his tour with Rep. Gary Palmer, whose Alabama district houses the institute. “We're very proud to support the work being done at the National Computer Forensics Institute (NCFI) to ensure just that." Ratcliffe will get a chance to ask Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly about the funding at a Homeland Security Committee meeting on the budget Wednesday. The Senate Homeland Security Committee hears from Kelly on the budget today. TWEET OF THE DAY — Today in “opsec has consequences” … RECENTLY ON PRO CYBERSECURITY — The White House will not try to block former FBI Director James Comey from testifying before the Senate Intelligence Committee as part of its Russia probe. … The Computer and Communications Industry Association said China’s cybersecurity law violates its international trade commitments, and asked the Trump administration to push Beijing to reverse course. … “Two multi-state hospital systems are dealing with fallout from the WannaCry ransomware attack, HHS wrote in an email issued today.” … The Trump administration is producing a report to help it determine how to allocate cybersecurity training and education funds. … The FCC’s chief information officer, David Bray, is leaving to join the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. PEOPLE ON THE MOVE — Marty Edwards, currently director of the Homeland Security Department’s Industrial Control Systems Cyber Emergency Response Team, is leaving to work for the Automation Federation, where he will be managing director. — Pat Hart has joined the Edison Electric Institute as director of preparedness and outreach with the organization’s security and business continuity group. He previously served as a senior adviser to Energy Department Deputy Secretary Liz Sherwood-Randall, where he helped organize the government’s partnership with the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council. QUICK BYTES — What’s Trump’s cybersecurity policy? Washington Examiner. — A cybersecurity firm is warning that another WannaCry-level attack looms. Daily Mail. — U.K. health chiefs are warning that government information technology budget cuts will make the National Health Service more vulnerable to cyberattacks. Mirror. — D.C.’s Metro put some computers up for auction without clearing the hard drives. NBC. That’s all for today. Vodka shots. At 9:30 a.m. Really. Stay in touch with the whole team: Cory Bennett (cbennett@politico.com, @Cory_Bennett); Bryan Bender (bbender@politico.com, @BryanDBender); Eric Geller (egeller@politico.com, @ericgeller); Martin Matishak (mmatishak@politico.com, @martinmatishak) and Tim Starks (tstarks@politico.com, @timstarks). « View Archives Authors: Tim Starks tstarks@politico.com About The Author Tim Starks has written about cybersecurity since 2003, when he began at Congressional Quarterly as a homeland security reporter. While at CQ Roll Call, he mainly covered intelligence, but he also had stretches as a foreign policy reporter and defense reporter. In 2009, he won the National Press Club's Sandy Hume Memorial Award for Excellence in Political Journalism. He left CQ Roll Call in March of 2015. Before coming to Politico he spent several months freelancing, writing for the Economist, the New Republic, Foreign Policy, Vice, Bloomberg and the Guardian. He grew up in Evansville, Ind. and graduated from the University of Southern Indiana with a degree in print journalism. His first full-time reporting job was covering city hall for the Evansville Press, the former afternoon daily. He was a Pulliam Fellow at the Indianapolis Star, and participated in the Politics and Journalism Semester at the chain of newspapers anchored by the Las Vegas Review-Journal. He also was the Statehouse Bureau Chief at the Evansville Courier & Press and established the Washington bureau of the New York Sun. Some of his other freelance work has been for the Chicago Tribune, Glamour, Deutsche Welle, Ring and BookForum. He is the founder of The Queensberry Rules, dubbed an "indispensable boxing blog" by the Wall Street Journal. He's also fond of fantasy basketball and real-life basketball — he is from Indiana, after all — and gets way too bent out of shape over people rooting against the home team or not walking on the right side of the sidewalk. Most Read Trump approval rating hits new low in Quinnipiac poll Trump White House lacks waivers for longtime lobbyists The Greatest Hearings in American History McCarthy: House will send Trump VA accountability bill next week Democrats zero in on voters who spurned them Big spending gap could decide Virginia governor primary White House again won't say if Trump has confidence in Sessions Trump ridicules 'obstructionist' Dems while calling on bipartisan support for infrastructure Morning Cybersecurity - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 6/7/17 Tuesday, 6/6/17 Monday, 6/5/17 Friday, 6/2/17 Thursday, 6/1/17 View the Full Morning Cybersecurity Archives » Politico Magazine Comey's fizzle By Rich Lowry ‘If We Are Deported, Who Benefits?’ By Jessica Colotl The Greatest Hearings in American History By Joshua Zeitz Trump Joins the Campaign Against Qatar By Blake Hounshell More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home NEWS Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events ABOUT US ADVERTISING CONTACT US Home NEWS Carrie Ann , June 8, 2017 Airbnb’s Open Homes Platform to House 10,000 Refugees Real Soon Carrie Ann , June 8, 2017 NEVS InMotion Lets you Carry out Meetings on the Go Aerospace & Defense Autos Energy Financial Services Food & Services Healthcare & Pharmaceutical Logistics & Supply Chain Technology Professional Services Media & Entertainment Manufacturing & Retail C-Suite Carrie Ann , June 8, 2017 Airbnb’s Open Homes Platform to House 10,000 Refugees Real Soon Christy Gren , June 8, 2017 MIT donation of $140 Million is an ‘Unrestricted Gift’ from an Anonymous Alumnus Innovation Leadership Redefined People Philanthropy Power Players Success Story Sustainability Daily Zen Christy Gren , June 2, 2017 Workers to Deliver Orders on The Way Home – A New Strategy for Walmart E-commerce Carrie Ann , April 6, 2017 Humor at Work: The road less traveled by which leads to Success Communication Decision Making Productivity Strategic Thinking Work-Life Balance Opinion Anna Domanska , June 6, 2017 India Cementing its Positions as World Leader in Renewable Energy Christy Gren , May 29, 2017 India is the Fastest Growing Economy in the World As Per Q1 Poll Results Emerging Markets Market Analysis New Ventures Magazine Past Issues Subscription Events Airbnb’s Open Homes Platform to House 10,000 Refugees Real Soon NEVS InMotion Lets you Carry out Meetings on the Go MIT donation of $140 Million is an ‘Unrestricted Gift’ from an Anonymous Alumnus Earth- Apple iPhone Ad Beautifully Warns Us to Embrace and Cherish ‘Our Only Home’ Bosch and TomTom Introduce Radar Road Signature for Accurate Driverless Technology Hyperloop One Expands Connectivity Across Europe Home Featured Why Apple’s HomePod Will Be So Expensive Why Apple’s HomePod Will Be So Expensive Why Apple’s HomePod Will Be So Expensive Featured NEWS Technology SHARE Anna Domanska , June 6, 2017 / 122 0 Apple launched a smart home speaker called HomePod to put a period on the runaway popularity of Amazon Echo and Google Assistant. If you ask me, the device looks like a miniature version of the 70s-era furniture speakers – there’s nothing Apple-esque in terms of design. It’s not unusual for Apple to charge a premium for an upscale product. Without exception, the Apple HomePod price reflects the Cupertino company’s profitable position in the markets in which it competes. Look at HomePod speaker’s (un)timely launch. It’s like Apple is desperately trying to play catch-up. Amazon launched the Echo way back in 2014, and Google introduced its rival, Google Home, in 2016. The Apple HomePod won’t start shipping until December 2017, and is twice as expensive as the two homeboys. Apple HomePod: $349 Amazon Echo: $180 Google Assistant: $129 So, why the exorbitant HomePod price tag? We’ll get to that later. Let’s first take a look at the HomePod features. At the WWDC 2017, Apple’s Phil Schiller announced the new HomePod speaker, which is designed to turn Siri into an all-pervasive musicologist. Apple HomePod Features At the WWDC 2017, Apple’s Phil Schiller announced the new HomePod speaker, which is designed to turn Siri into an all-pervasive musicologist. You say, “Hey Siri,” and ask it to play something. Play Coldplay. Or, play iHeartRadio. While music is the key focus here, Apple is also working on optimizing Siri to be a home assistant. Let’s not forget that the HomePod is basically a smart home speaker. It’s still very much going to compete against Amazon Echo or Google Home. It can be used to stream podcasts, send messages, get updates on weather, traffic, sports, and control smart home devices connected using Apple’s HomeKit. The HomePod is small, cylindrical unit, wrapped in a honeycomb mesh. The top surface of the smart home speaker is touch sensitive. It can be used to play music and adjust the volume with a simple tap. The smarthome speaker contains Apple’s A8 chip. You’ll find the same chip in the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. Voice commands are picked up by the six microphones that circle in the middle of the HomePod. One can pair two speakers together or link with compatible devices to create a multi-room system. The HomePod sound quality is as impressive as it gets. In comparison, the Sonos 3 appears sub-par. Why the $349 Apple HomePod Price Tag? Two words: precision engineering. You rarely get to see an iPhone hanging. The overall finish of the product is sublime. You cannot expect the same from Amazon or Samsung or any other tech company. The way Apple products are engineered, you cannot argue that it’s expensive as the precision is of the highest quality. Apple knows a very little percentage of its consumers care about fancy features. On the other hand, other companies focus little on day to day, normal functioning features and in the process they devalue a majority of their consumer-base. Also, Apple launches its products once in a year. It doesn’t have competition from its own products. Apple consumers are rest assured that the gadget they’re buying isn’t going to be devalued anytime soon. This kind of scarcity that Apple creates has people line up to get first hand. Author Anna Domanska Follow Anna Domanska on Twitter, Facebook & Google. Tags: Apple HomePod Price, HomePod features Next Article SUVs Eclipse China’s Electric Car Boom Previous Article India Cementing its Positions as World Leader in Renewable Energy Similar Articles Christy Gren, August 20, 2015 Target Reaches $67 Million Settlement Deal with Visa Over 2013 Security Breach Anna Domanska, January 16, 2013 China sees its annual FDI drop first time in 3 years Anna Domanska, August 13, 2014 China investigating more than 1,000 auto companies Related Posts Sony's Next PlayStation Rumored to Arrive in 2013 HP wants to change the world of technology forever with this killer invention Vizio Releases P-Series Ultra HD TVs, With Models Starting At $999 Honda Civic Type R to Rule the Road as well as the Race Track Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. CAPTCHA Code* 2017 CURRENT ISSUE Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now Already A Subscriber? Log In Past Issues (click cover to view the magazine) VIEW ALL PAST ISSUES » Get Connected 5,249 Followers 16,226 Followers 1,241 Followers RSS Feeds Most Popular Article Chan Zuckerberg Initiative raises $3 Billion for a disease-free future What will the looming U.S Government shut-down mean in real-terms? The Economics of Sony PlayStation Network & Qriocity Identity-Hacks Timothy Geithner: Raise U.S Debt Ceiling or Risk Default The Stop Online Piracy Act: What Industry Leaders Can Do About It Sign up for Daily post updates About Industry Leaders Magazine Widely seen as a CEO's Magazine, Industry Leaders is widely read by corporate executives and professionals from a wide spectrum of industries and business functions. The brand has a huge and loyal patronage amongst readers for its sharp... Read More Get Connected 5,249 Followers 16,226 Followers 1,241 Followers RSS Feeds Recent Posts Airbnb’s Open Homes Platform to House 10,000 Refugees Real Soon Carrie Ann , June 8, 2017 NEVS InMotion Lets you Carry out Meetings on the Go Carrie Ann , June 8, 2017 MIT donation of $140 Million is an ‘Unrestricted Gift’ from an Anonymous Alumnus Christy Gren , June 8, 2017 Earth- Apple iPhone Ad Beautifully Warns Us to Embrace and Cherish ‘Our Only Home’ Christy Gren , June 8, 2017 Other Navigation ABOUT US EVENTS ADVERTISING CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY TERMS & CONDITIONS SITEMAP CAREERS Leadership Story Of The Month leadership-story-of-the-month The Great Traits of Feminine Leadership! © Copyright 2016. All Rights Reserved. Industry Leaders Current Issue Highlights Big Ticket Luxury Comes at a Price ‘Most Expensive Yachts’ Crowdfunded, Inc Tesla Heading To Make U.S. Car Industry No. 1 Again Imminent Trends Solar Industry to Enter a New Phase By 2020 Table of contents » Subscribe Now × Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments PASSWORD RESET EMAIL Back to Login? Register today to get full access to: All articles | Magazine archives | Livestream events | Comments LOGIN EMAIL PASSWORD CAPTCHA Code Forgot Password?
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Pixel Freezing Issue Fixed By Adnan Farooqui on 06/06/2017 07:14 PDT Some Google Pixel and Pixel XL owners have been facing an issue for the past few months that causes their smartphone to randomly freeze without reason. Users can’t seem to figure out what’s causing the handset to freeze and then they have to perform a complete reboot in order to start using the device again. It’s a nuisance that they can surely do without. Google has finally fixed the Pixel freezing issue by releasing a new update for the handsets. Google says that its new over-the-air software update for the Pixel and Pixel XL “should address many of the freezing issues that have been reported.” Even though the fix was posted to the user community by Google’s Community Manager, there doesn’t seem to be a complete confidence in the fix to solve this matter once and for all. “Freezing and general device performance issues can be caused by many different things, so please continue to update this post with your individual experiences after accepting the June security OTA,” he added. Users complain that this issue affects their unit randomly and not while using a particular app or performing a certain task. They then have to either wait for the device to go to a lockscreen or force a reboot by pressing down on the power button. Hopefully, this new over-the-air update that Google has released for the Pixel and Pixel XL should fix things. If it doesn’t, Google will have to make sure that this bug is taken care of. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Google, Pixel and pixel xl. Related Articles 2017-06-04 Google Will Enable Publishers To Charge Users With Ad Blockers 2017-06-02 Google And Wonder Woman Team Up To Teach Girls How To Code 2017-06-02 Google Beefs Up Gmail’s Security 2017-06-01 Chrome Will Start Blocking ‘Annoying’ Ads In 2018 2017-05-22 Mophie Google Pixel XL Juice Pack Launched 2017-05-17 Google To Add Obstruction Removal To The Pixel’s Camera 2017-05-11 LG Pixel 3 Rumors Rubbished 2017-02-23 New Bug Randomly Disconnects Bluetooth On The Pixel/Pixel XL Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 6 GOOG: 976.57 -7.11 Google Photos for Android hits 1 billion installs, the 22nd app ever to do so Ben Schoon - Jun. 6th 2017 7:10 am PT @NexusBen Apps & Updates Android Google Photos View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google Photos is easily one of the company’s best services and it continues to grow in popularity every day. Now, that popularity is really showing, with Google Photos for Android becoming the latest app to hit over a billion installs. The best gifts for Android users As of June 1st, Google Photos for Android hit the one billion install mark, making it the 22nd app to do so. In the past year or so, Photos was preceded by Instagram and Google Drive, with 15 other Google apps being included on the same list. One billion installs is an incredibly impressive feat for any application, but there are some advantages Photos definitely has. One of those is the fact that Photos has been pre-installed on the majority of Android smartphones for over a year now, making up a huge portion of those installs. One billion installs is actually a pretty common achievement for apps that are pre-installed, as the list of apps over one billion includes Google Text-To-Speech, Talkback, and even Google+ ─ the latter of which definitely didn’t hit that number without the extra help. Check out 9to5Google on YouTube for more news! Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Photos View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Rob Nightingale Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 5 Reasons Every Student Should Be Using a Chromebook Linux 5 Reasons Every Student Should Be Using a Chromebook Dan Price June 6, 2017 06-06-2017 6 minutes 5 Reasons Every Student Should Be Using a Chromebook Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement We already know Chromebooks are perfect for elderly people 5 Reasons Chromebooks are the Perfect Computer For an Elderly Person 5 Reasons Chromebooks are the Perfect Computer For an Elderly Person It's your granddad's birthday — but what should you buy him? You could get him socks (again), some gardening equipment, or perhaps a large bottle of whisky… Or you could buy him a Chromebook. Read More who struggle with technology, and we already know they make a great second laptop for people who do a lot of traveling. But they are also ideal for college students. It’s hardly a revelation: Google has been focusing on their classroom benefits Four Awesome Ways to Use a Chromebook in the Classroom Four Awesome Ways to Use a Chromebook in the Classroom Chromebooks now account for twenty percent of all United States school purchases of mobile computers. What role can Chromebooks play in the education sector? Read More for a long time. Chrome OS now controls 49 percent of the U.S. education market — a 40 percent rise in less than four years. The platform was responsible for 58 percent of new devices shipped to schools in 2016. In contrast, iOS now controls just 14 percent of the market, down from 27 percent in 2014. But why are Chromebooks so popular? If you’re a college student who wants to buy a new laptop Best Chromebooks for Students in 2016 Best Chromebooks for Students in 2016 If you're heading back to school this fall, you might want to consider a Chromebook. They're perfect for students (I should know -- I'm a recent graduate myself) because they're cheap, light, fast, and do... Read More , will a Chromebook be right for you? Here are five reasons why Chromebooks are perfect for students. 1. You’re Protected Against Theft One sadly reality of college life is there’s a good chance you’re going to get things stolen. Student accommodation isn’t as secure as a typical family home in the suburbs. Several people have keys and individuals are constantly coming-and-going. Lots of students live under one roof, each with their own trove of expensive gadgets. And many students are living away from home for the first time — they’re typically more naive about security than their elders. It’s an intoxicating mix for thieves. If the worst transpires and your Windows or Mac laptop gets stolen, what happens? Firstly, you’ll probably pay significant out-of-pocket costs How to Get Your Money Back on Broken or Stolen Electronics How to Get Your Money Back on Broken or Stolen Electronics If your electronic device got lost, broke, or was stolen, there's a good chance you can get your money back. We look at the options and show you how. Read More . Secondly, you could lose years worth of work and research. (Be honest, how often are you making regular backups The Best Backup Software for Windows The Best Backup Software for Windows Your data is fragile – it only takes one small accident to lose everything. The more backups you make, the better. Here we present the best free backup software for Windows. Read More  of your data?) Advertisement Image Credit: REDPIXEL.PL via Shutterstock The loss of all your work could be life-changing. If it happens at the wrong time of year, it can lead to failed exams and dropped credits. Bad news. But if you have a Chromebook? It’s not bad news at all. They’re almost entirely cloud-based. By default, all your data is being saved into your Google Drive account — you won’t lose anything. In fact, you’ll struggle to find more than 32 GB of local storage, even in the top-end models. Sure, it’ll be annoying if your laptop gets robbed, but you can be up and running again almost instantly on any web-connected device. No downtime, no stress. 2. They Are Easy to Replace Student life is rough on gadgets. Aside from the risk of theft, your laptop will be taking a physical beating. You’ll be throwing it in your bag every day, heading to rowdy bars with it in tow, and presumably working in less-than-ideal conditions when you’re doing stuff at home. (How many half-drunk Coke cans and empty chip packets are on your desk?) Laptops don’t like such rough conditions. Screens will break, keyboards will jam up, and hard drives will fail 5 Warning Signs That Your SSD Is About to Break Down & Fail 5 Warning Signs That Your SSD Is About to Break Down & Fail Worried that your SSD will malfunction and break down and take all of your data with it? These are the warning signs to look out for. Read More . Because of the risks, you need something that’s inexpensive and easy to replace. Chromebooks tick both the boxes. Firstly, they are cheap. Really cheap. You can find older low-end models for around $110, and a typical mid-range new laptop isn’t more than $250 (often less than $200). Secondly, if you need to buy a new machine, all you need to do is enter your Google credentials and give the laptop a few minutes to sync, and you’ll be back where you left off. All the same apps, all the same settings, all the same files. 3. They Are Lightweight I touched on this in my previous point: you need something you can throw in your backpack and easily carry around all day. And when it comes to weight, Chromebooks are the clear winner. Let’s look at some facts. Apple’s controversial 2016 MacBook Pro (13-inch model) weighs 3.02 pounds. The Dell XPS 13, which is widely considered to be one of the best Windows laptops of 2017, weighs 2.7 pounds. Even the recently-announced Surface laptop Microsoft Unveils a Streamlined Version of Windows 10 Microsoft Unveils a Streamlined Version of Windows 10 Microsoft has unveiled a new version of Windows 10 called Windows 10 S. This is Microsoft's answer to Chrome OS, and the new streamlined version of Windows 10 is being targeted mainly at students. Read More , which Microsoft hope will be a Chromebook killer 5 Reasons Chrome OS Is Better Than Windows 10 S 5 Reasons Chrome OS Is Better Than Windows 10 S Microsoft has launched a new operating system – Windows 10 S. But is it good enough to grab a share of Chromebooks' ever-increasing market share and propel it into homes and classrooms around the country? Read More , comes in at 2.76 pounds. ASUS Flip 2-in-1 C100PA-DS03 10.1-inch Touch Chromebook (1.8GHz, 4GB Memory, 32GB eMMC, Chrome OS), Silver ASUS Flip 2-in-1 C100PA-DS03 10.1-inch Touch Chromebook (1.8GHz, 4GB Memory, 32GB eMMC, Chrome OS), Silver Asus Flip Convertible 2-in-1 Touch Chromebook with Rock chip 3288-C Quad-Core 1.8GHz processor Buy Now At Amazon $292.22 And Chromebooks? There are at least 15 models that weigh less than the Dell XPS. Some models, such as the Asus Flip C100, are as light as 1.6 pounds. That’s less than half the weight of a MacBook Pro. 4. You’ll Save Money on Apps Another reality of student life is you’re going to be broke all the time. It doesn’t matter how many part-time jobs you try and juggle or how often you eat Cornflakes for dinner. You’re never going to have any money. As such, every little way you can save money is a bonus. And these days, one of students’ biggest outlays is on apps. Thanks to Chrome OS, you won’t need to spend money on some typical apps you might need as a student. Instead, you’ll find free equivalents that are deeply integrated into the operating system. For example, many students might rely on Evernote ($3.99 per month for unlimited devices) for taking notes in lectures, but the free Google Keep is a powerful alternative with lots of hidden features 7 Google Keep Features for Perfect Lists 7 Google Keep Features for Perfect Lists Google Keep has a few features that make it perfect for list keeping. Not only can you create a checklist and sync the app across platforms, Google Keep also offers location-based reminders and more. Read More . Similarly, why spend $9.99 per month for 1 TB of Dropbox space when you get 100 GB of Google Drive storage for free for two years with the purchase of every Chromebook? I bought a chromebook specifically for college after my freshman year and it's been great, I can't relate to people they have lost papers — piel de miel ? (@paradiamonds) February 24, 2017 And of course, thanks to the potent combination of Google Docs, Slides, and Sheets, you won’t even need to spend money on productivity suites like Office 365 Is OpenOffice Shutting Down? 4 Great Free Office Suite Alternatives Is OpenOffice Shutting Down? 4 Great Free Office Suite Alternatives OpenOffice is no longer a free Microsoft Office alternative you can count on. We have compiled the four best options for Windows, Linux, and Mac. Read More . Google’s products even save all your work continuously and automatically — you won’t be the one crying in the corner because you got a “blue screen of death” just as you were about to finish your thesis. If you insist on the Microsoft products, you can use the web apps for free. Lastly, remember all new Chromebooks now have access to Android’s Google Play Store. If your favorite apps are available on mobile, you can easily use them on the desktop as well. 5. Multiple Usage Modes The average student in the U.K. has just over $2,500 of tech. Do they really need all that? Probably not. For example, some Chromebooks now have 180-degree swivel hinges. It means you can remove the need for a tablet entirely. Do all your college work with the machine in laptop mode during the day, then flip the screen back to watch a movie (or cram your revision) in bed later. It’s a cheap and durable two-in-one device. Because Chrome OS is based on the Linux kernel, you can also install Linux distros How to Install Linux on a Chromebook How to Install Linux on a Chromebook Do you need Skype on your Chromebook? Do you miss not having access to games through Steam? Are you pining to use VLC Media Player? Then start using Linux on your Chromebook. Read More and dual boot your machine. It’s the perfect workaround if an app you need isn’t available on Chrome OS natively. You can have all the benefits of Chromebooks, but still enjoy a broad range of installable software. Caution: Chromebooks Aren’t for Everyone The five benefits I’ve listed in this article all suggest Chromebooks are ideal for students. But as always, there will be cases in which they are not the right choice. If you’re at college, much of the decision will rest on what subject you’re majoring in. If you’re doing a predominantly essay-based course, such as English or History, you’ll hardly ever need to work on another OS. However, if you’re doing a technical course such as engineering, you may still need access to a traditional Windows or Mac machine that can run specialist software. Remember, as long as your college has good Wi-Fi, you can rely on a Chromebook when you’re on campus and use Chrome Remote Desktop to connect to your fully-fledged desktop. Are You a Student Without a Chromebook? Are you currently in high school or college? If so, what do you use for portable notes and apps? If you aren’t using a Chromebook, why not? I’d love to hear your stories. What do you like about them? What aspects of use a Chromebook do you find to be appealing or frustrating? As always, you can leave all your feedback and opinions in the comments section below. Image Credits: Dean Drobot/Shutterstock Previous PostHow to Run Google Chrome OS From a USB DriveNext Post6 Tips to Get Your Game Controllers Working on Linux 5 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * programagor June 7, 2017 at 2:59 pm A bit of a dissonance you've got going on. First you say "Every Student", and then in the actual article you say "Caution: Chromebooks Aren’t for Everyone". As an engineering student, I could possibly run MATLAB, Wolfram Mathematica, and LaTeX via cloud, but I also need GCC, NASM, AVR-dude, nmap, and load of other programs that just won't run off the browser window. Also, when I'm buying a computer, why should I pay for one which can only browse the internet when, for a similar price, I can get an actual computer which can run full Linux? I know I can install Linux on a Chromebook, but then what's the point of getting one in the first place? Also, you refer to a "connect[ing] to your fully-fledged desktop", but isn't it cheaper to just have a single fully-fledged laptop instead? It's an article focused at students after all, and students don't tend to be able or willing to just buy as many computers as they'd like. Yes, the chromebooks are cheap, but they are pretty weak computing power wise. All your other arguments in the article are just a matter of software anyway, and shouldn't determine your choice of hardware. Any computer can run Google Drive / Docs / Chrome. Reply jmrwiseguy June 6, 2017 at 2:12 pm One problem I ran into with chromebook is that I couldn't find an easy way to print to a printer that is on my local home network. Maybe things have changed recently but it would only let me print to a cloud printer. Both Windows and MacOS find network printers easily. Reply Tim June 6, 2017 at 2:23 pm Local printing was indeed missing from Chrome OS until a few months ago, when the feature was rolled out to the "stable" branch of the OS (it had been "in beta" for a while before that). Oddly, though, USB and network printing isn't enabled by default, and you have to dig a bit to find the option to turn it on. Enter chrome://flags into the Omnibar, and search for "Native printing", then select "enable". Use the "restart" option they give you, and on reboot you should find a new "print" option in the Settings area. COS is still a bit "flaky" with finding network printers, but I managed to get my Chromebit printing to our HP network laser printer. Hopefully Google will roll out improvements to the feature, though I suspect they'd still rather we use Cloud Print :-P Hope this is helpful :-) Reply Bdodroid June 6, 2017 at 9:19 pm In the newest beta on my Samsung Chromebook Plus I can actually specify drivers(32bit linux drivers worked for mt konico bizbub) and add network printers pretty easily. I still need to know the IP address of the printer unfortunately but other than if works really well. Reply Jmrwiseguy June 7, 2017 at 1:46 am Thank you, that was very helpful! Reply Dan Price 424 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Internet Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Advertisement Related Articles This Is What Microsoft Edge Is Good For Windows This Is What Microsoft Edge Is Good For 11 Best Sites for Free Online Computer Programming Courses Programming 11 Best Sites for Free Online Computer Programming Courses How to Run Google Chrome OS From a USB Drive Windows Linux How to Run Google Chrome OS From a USB Drive Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Bloomberg London About Careers Diversity and Inclusion Philanthropy and Engagement Spaces Sustainability Tech Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Software Updates Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU About The Company Bloomberg London Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Luke MacGregor/Bloomberg WSJ Ends Google Users' Free Ride, Then Fades in Search Results by Gerry Smith @gerryfsmith More stories by Gerry Smith June 5, 2017, 1:34 PM EDT Publisher says Google visitors dropped after hardening paywall Google says ‘first click free’ good for users and publishers After blocking Google users from reading free articles in February, the Wall Street Journal’s subscription business soared, with a fourfold increase in the rate of visitors converting into paying customers. But there was a trade-off: Traffic from Google plummeted 44 percent. The reason: Google search results are based on an algorithm that scans the internet for free content. After the Journal’s free articles went behind a paywall, Google’s bot only saw the first few paragraphs and started ranking them lower, limiting the Journal’s viewership. Executives at the Journal, owned by Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp., argue that Google’s policy is unfairly punishing them for trying to attract more digital subscribers. They want Google to treat their articles equally in search rankings, despite being behind a paywall. “Any site like ours automatically doesn’t get the visibility in search that a free site would,” Suzi Watford, the Journal’s chief marketing officer, said in an interview. “You are definitely being discriminated against as a paid news site.” The Journal’s experience could have implications across the news industry, where publishers are relying more on convincing readers to pay for their articles because tech giants like Google and Facebook are vacuuming up the lion’s share of online advertising. The Journal’s owner, News Corp., competes with Bloomberg LP, the parent company of Bloomberg News, in providing financial news and information. Striking a Balance With Google, publishers try to strike a balance. While they may want to sign up more subscribers by not giving away free articles, they also don’t want their content to drop in search results, which drives traffic to their sites and can boost advertising sales. For that reason, many outlets with subscription businesses -- like the New York Times and Financial Times -- let Google users read at least one free article so they still rank high in search results.  Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Google says its “first click free” policy is good for both consumers and publishers. People want to get the news quickly and don’t want to immediately encounter a paywall. Plus, if publishers let Google users sample articles for free, there’s a better chance they’ll end up subscribing, Google says. The tech giant likens its policy to stores allowing people to flip through newspapers and magazines before choosing which one to buy. “For the many publishers who already take advantage of this approach, it provides the ability to protect their business model and the opportunity to convert people who sample their content into paying customers,” Google said in a statement. The Journal decided to stop letting people read articles free from Google after discovering nearly 1 million people each month were abusing the three-article limit. They would copy and paste Journal headlines into Google and read the articles for free, then clear their cookies to reset the meter and read more, Watford said. Free on Facebook The Journal now only lets Google users see a short snippet at the top of its articles, restricting the rest to its 2.2 million subscribers or people who arrive via social media. In the most recent quarter, the Journal’s digital subscribers grew about 30 percent compared with the prior year, driven partly by barring Google users from reading for free. Google, meanwhile, displays a “subscription” label next to Journal articles in Google News search results, alerting users that they won’t be getting a full article. The Journal’s ad revenue wasn’t affected by its recent drop in Google traffic because social media visits grew 34 percent in that time, keeping overall web traffic flat, Watford said. The Journal lets readers get some articles for free via social media like Twitter and Facebook, which the paper views as a marketing tool. Publishers have long complained about how their articles appear in search results. For years, many newspapers complained that online media companies published posts based on their reporting with a Google-friendly headline and appeared higher in search results. The Journal’s parent company, News Corp., has a tense history with Google. In 2009, Murdoch accused Google of stealing articles and threatened to pull his company’s stories from its search results. News Corp. also competes with the tech giant in various ways. It’s an investor in AppNexus, an advertising technology company that rivals Google’s DoubleClick platform. News Corp. also owns Unruly, which competes with Google’s YouTube in social video advertising. The Journal isn’t the only publisher skeptical of Google’s policy. Jessica Lessin, founder of The Information, a technology publication, said sampling options like Google’s “first click free” program “have not proven to be as beneficial as many publishers thought.” Her publication, which charges $399 a year for an online subscription, doesn’t let Google users read any articles for free because it’s focused on a Silicon Valley audience that’s more likely to find its journalism through social media than from a Google search, she said. Google and publishers often have different objectives, said Lessin, a former Wall Street Journal reporter. Google wants to capture attention so it can sell advertising. Many publishers want to convince readers to pay. “Tech companies are always going to do what’s in the interest of their business,” Lessin said. That’s not always the same as what’s in the interest of publishers, she said. For more on Google, check out the Decrypted podcast: Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Bill Gross Says Market Risk Is Highest Since Pre-2008 Crisis Elliott's Singer Warns System May Be More Leveraged Than 2008 Comey Recounts Uneasy Meetings With Trump, Demands for Loyalty The U.A.E. Needs Qatar’s Gas to Keep Dubai’s Lights On Analysts Are Getting Worried About the Euro Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Headlines Headlines 24.nl verzamelt actueel nieuws via de rss feeds van online kranten. Op elk moment geven wij al het laatste nieuws overzichtelijk weer. Tevens kunt u inloggen om uw eigen nieuws pagina samen te stellen en zo alleen het nieuws te zien dat u interesseert. op Headlines24 op het internet   Zoeken   Home Binnenland Buitenland Computer Cultuur Economie Lifestyle Media Sport Wetenschap Opinie | Journalistiek | Nieuwsblogs Theresa May Blaming Internet 06/06 15:45 - Theresa May Blaming Internet ‘Blame the internet’ is just not a good enough response, Theresa MayCharles ArthurAfter London Bridge the prime minister has wheeled out the usual scapegoat, and demanded controls on cyberspace – but that would open a Pandora’s box Theresa May outside No 10: ‘Ban WhatsApp, and would-be terrorists will find another app, as will those struggling against dictators.’ Photograph: Will Oliver/EPAView more sharing optionsShares13kContact author@charlesarthurSunday 4 June 2017 16.03 BSTLast modified on Tuesday 6 June 2017 07.20 BSTWe can feel pretty certain that the London Bridge attackers did the following things: owned smartphones; and used Google, YouTube, Facebook and WhatsApp. That isn’t because owning those things and using those services marks you out as a terrorist: it’s because it marks you out as someone living in the west in the 21st century.The problem, as those companies (actually only two: Google owns YouTube, and Facebook owns WhatsApp) are discovering, is that politicians aren’t too picky about the distinction. Speaking outside 10 Downing St this morning, Theresa May was much more aggressive in her tone than previously. The London Bridge attack had its roots in Islamic extremism, she observed: “We cannot allow this ideology the safe space it needs to breed. Yet that is precisely what the internet, and the big companies that provide internet-based services, provide.” She continued: “We need to work with allied democratic governments to reach international agreements that regulate cyberspace to prevent the spread of extremism and terrorism planning.”Which goes to show that when you need a scapegoat, the internet will always be there, as will big internet companies. The latter are by now becoming familiar with the process: there is an attack; the dots are joined to show how their services were used for tuition and/or planning; governments demand “action”; the companies improve their methods for removing extremist content; and we await the next cycle.But nothing substantive is different. The question is whether it ever can be. Germany is seeking a law which brings in hefty fines for being too slow to remove hate speech. But that isn’t the same as preventing it, or stopping planning.Play Video6:26 Theresa May responds to ‘brutal terrorist attack’ in London“The kneejerk ‘blame the internet’ that comes after every act of terrorism is so blatant as to be embarrassing,” commented Paul Bernal, a law lecturer at the University of East Anglia who has worked with the police. The pressure, he says, comes from the politicians. For an example look no further than John Mann, MP for Bassetlaw since 2001, who this morning said: “I repeat, yet again, my call for the internet companies who terrorists have again used to communicate to be held legally liable for content.”Perhaps he has forgotten the 1970s, when in the pre-mobile phone era the IRA would use phones to organise its attacks – without anyone calling for (nor were there online social networks to “radicalise” would-be IRA members, but still they joined). The authoritarian sweep of Mann’s idea is chilling: since legal liability is meant to deter, the companies would need people to monitor every word you wrote, every video you watched, and compare it against some manual of dissent. It’s like a playbook for the dystopia of Gilead, in The Handmaid’s Tale (which, weirdly enough, most resembles Islamic State’s framework for living).The problem is this: things can be done, but they open a Pandora’s box. The British government could insist that the identities of people who search for certain terror-related words on Google or YouTube or Facebook be handed over. But then what’s to stop the Turkish government, or embassy, demanding the same about Kurdish people searching on “dangerous” topics? The home secretary, Amber Rudd, could insist that WhatsApp hand over the names and details of every communicant with a phone number. But then what happens in Iran or Saudi Arabia? What’s the calculus of our freedom against others’?Similarly, May and Rudd and every home secretary back to Jack Straw keep being told that encryption (as used in WhatsApp particularly) can’t be repealed, because it’s mathematics, not material. People can write apps whose messages can’t be read in transit, only at the ends. Ban WhatsApp, and would-be terrorists will find another app, as will those struggling against dictators.It’s true that the internet companies’ business models, of selling adverts against your attention, means they never had an incentive to be careful about what gets on to their platforms. We’re living with the unintended consequences. Yet speaking to people in those companies, one still hears enormous resistance to the idea of pre-filtering. It’s instead becoming an article of faith that “artificial intelligence” or “machine learning” will learn to spot this stuff and act. That’s far from proven, however. These companies are struggling with a problem they made that dwarfs their present capabilities.So what can be done? It might seem obvious, but while (to quote a famous hacker) “You cannot arrest an idea”, you can certainly stifle its attractiveness. Driving Isis out of Mosul and into the desert will cut its funding and its voice. Not helping countries that help jihadi groups would be smart too. Theresa May mentioned working with “allied democratic governments”. But it’s really the undemocratic ones – Saudi Arabia, for example – where one might start work. Ideas fade. The internet, though, isn’t going anywhere.TopicsLondon Bridge attacks  Opinionhttps://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/jun/04/internet-theresa-may-cyberspace-london-bridge... Lees artikel verder op Stan van Houcke   Meer over Stan van Houcke               Meer over showbiz-media Nieuwsblogs 08/06 16:00 LIVESTREAM – Ex-FBI-directeur James Comey over Donald Trump en Rusland 08/06 16:00  meer jongeren naar de stembus, rijen bij universiteiten 08/06 15:30 Raadslid Roermond Selami Coskun (oud-PvdA) stapt over naar DENK 08/06 15:30 Voor liefhebbers van droge en grove 14 cartoons van Mike Organisciak 08/06 15:30 Man parkeert auto in supermarkt in Nijmegen en ramt pinautomaat 08/06 15:30 Monsterlijk grote graancirkel verschenen in één nacht. Dit is onmogelijk door mensenhanden gemaakt 08/06 15:30 14-jarige verdachte bekent ombrengen Romy 08/06 15:30 Duitsland neemt homoseksuele Tsjetsjenen op 08/06 15:15 Monsterlijk grote graancirkel verschenen in één nacht. Dit is onmogelijk door mensenhanden gemaakt 08/06 15:00 Getuige Wageningse ‘snoeimoord’ ‘Ik dacht dat hij een rode lap over zijn gezicht had’ 08/06 15:00 Schoolgenoten, leeftijdsgenoten en dorpsgenoten over omgebrachte Savannah en Romy 08/06 15:00 Politie voorkomt liquidatie criminele Marokkaan, daders zaten gewapend in gestolen BMW 08/06 15:00 Even lekker improviseren met Shelly Sterk… 08/06 14:45 'Informele gesprekken' tussen VVD, CDA, D66 en GroenLinks in Catshuis 08/06 14:45 NRC ‘Nederland werd getroffen door diverse terreuraanslagen’ 08/06 14:45 Bedrijf oprichten? Word digitaal burger van Estland 08/06 14:45 Trumps Rusland-affaire in tien vragen 08/06 14:45 Italië dit najaar naar de stembus – mits wijziging kieswet lukt 08/06 14:30 Pedagogie-profs voeren terreurbewind aan universiteit Leiden 08/06 14:30 Verdachte (14) uit Lunteren bekent misbruik en ‘betrokkenheid bij dood’ Romy (14) 08/06 14:30 Bloemenbuurt en omgeving maarliefst 35 auto’s vernield in één nacht 08/06 14:30 Het dak op in Rotterdam 08/06 14:30 Verdachte van ombrengen Romy heeft bekend 08/06 14:30 Dat Maori- helemaal Comme des Garçons 08/06 14:30 ECB zet stapje naar afbouw lage rentebeleid 08/06 14:00 Opelrijder met helm probeert op klaarlichte dag Nijmeegse supermarkt te ramkraken 08/06 13:45 NRC Recht & Onrecht nieuwsbrief 08/06 13:45 Overleg VVD, CDA, D66 en GroenLinks op Catshuis 08/06 13:45 Bedrijf oprichten? Wordt digitaal burger van Estland 08/06 13:45 Spectaculaire stormfoto's uit Kaapstad 08/06 13:45 Britten naar de stembus 08/06 13:30 In februari vermoorde Adrie den Engelsman uit Zoetermeer werd in zijn eigen woning onthoofd 08/06 13:30 Faal Belgisch veiligheidsapparaat, aanslagen Brussel (32 doden) hadden voorkomen kunnen worden 08/06 13:30 Jezus gejat bij kerk in Brabants dorpje 08/06 13:30 Dood gevonden verminkte Wageninger is man van 54, inwoner van de stad 08/06 13:30 Medewerkers mortuarium in Jamaica nemen bewaker te grazen 08/06 13:30 Wraken van rechters om stoer te doen of tijd te rekken 08/06 13:30 Met twee juffen per klas blijft het loon laag 08/06 13:30 Spectaculaire stormfoto's in Kaapstad 08/06 13:30  aanslagplegers Iraniërs die voor IS vochten 08/06 13:30 Voorarrest verdachte van ombrengen Romy verlengd 08/06 13:15 UK2017 – waarop vandaag te letten 08/06 13:00 Saudi Terrorism 08/06 13:00 Kashba and Bob Dylan and Paul Simon 08/06 13:00 Formatiewatch – VVD, CDA, D66 en GroenLinks overleggen in het Catshuis 08/06 13:00 Hoger beroep terrorist Anders Breivik niet in behandeling genomen 08/06 13:00 Zou jij vreemdgaan voor 50 euro? Zij wel! 08/06 13:00 De Koning en de Vluchteling 08/06 12:45 ‘Den Haag bemoeilijkte komst van door IS verkrachte yezidi-vrouw’ 08/06 12:45 Massamoordenaar Breivik naar hoogste Europese rechter   Member login Emailadres Wachtwoord Log in  Gratis account   Wachtwoord?     Regionaal nieuws   Actueel nieuws   Google   Weer Weersverwachting NederlandWeeronline.nl - Meer weer in Nederland   Verkeer   Nieuwsbrief Emailadres Inschrijven  Uitschrijven     Contact Sitemap Privacy verklaring Disclaimer Binnenland Buitenland Sport Economie Wetenschap Cultuur Showbiz/media Computer Lifestyle Headlines Copyright © 2008 - 2015 - Headlines24.nl. Al het nieuws elke dag overzichtelijk verzameld.- (Pagina gegenereerd in 0.0168 seconden.)
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 06.06.17 cannes Cannes Lions’ Innovation Lions Shortlist Is Here–See Who Made The Cut Jury chair Susan Lyne explains the evaluation process, what’s changed since last year, and how these awards are a different breed of brand creativity. By Jeff Beer2 minute Read Last year, the top prize in the Cannes Lions Innovation category went to Google’s DeepMind group for its advances in artificial intelligence in creating the AlphaGo platform that learned how to play the complex board game Go. Needless to say, it’s not really a piece of advertising. But by advancing Google’s technology in such a way, there’s no doubt it also boosts people’s opinion of the search giant as a center of innovation. advertisement That’s how Lions Innovation differs from most other categories at the annual Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity, often referred to as the Oscars of advertising. The Innovation Lions shortlist, just released by the festival, reflects its place where brand creativity can be at its broadest definition, often blurring the lines between brands, science, and technology. The shortlist contains 35 projects, including Intel’s drone-led contribution to Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl halftime show, Apple’s recycling robot named Liam, Tiger Beer’s effort to make ink out of air pollution, and Google’s Tilt Brush 3D VR painting platform. Jury chair Susan Lyne, president and managing partner at BBG Ventures, says this year’s crop of entries overall represent a big step up from a year ago. “Last year I felt the winner (Google’s DeepMind) was head and shoulders above all the other entries, going into judging,” she says. “It just felt like it was in a class on its own. This year, I think there are at least six to eight entries that could end up being the top winner.” The judging process is another differentiator between the Innovation Lions and other categories. Instead of a group of judges gathering in a room together to discuss the shortlist, all the Innovation contenders come to Cannes and present to the jury in-person. The first question Lyne asks when evaluating a project is, is this truly new? Is there something here that is genuinely innovative? “There are many things that are smart applications of something, that solve a real world problem, but is it something that feels like it opens up a new world? I always start there,” she says. “Additionally, I’d say, have they tested this enough, and is what they’re pitching real? We saw that issue a lot more last year, where people were pitching things they were planning to build or had partially built. So that’s something we look at carefully. This year, we’ve seen many more instances of products that are genuinely going to market, or had been significantly tested, that if successful could have a huge impact.” advertisement While there are some contenders that don’t easily fit under the marketing umbrella, there are plenty that do. These tend to be brands aiming to wow audiences with their technical flair, or ability to utilize creativity and reach to make a social impact–or both. One of last year’s winners was Toyota’s “Land Cruiser Emergency Network” out of Australia, which used the cars to provide mobile signals to remote areas. This year, the brilliant “Meet Graham” from Transport Accident Commission Victoria and agency ClemengerBBDO Melbourne introduced us to the only human evolved enough to survive a car crash. There was also Samsung’s “Theater for All Ears” that worked with hearing-impaired people in Brazil, using VR to help them enjoy live theater for the first time. The final winners will be announced on June 20. About the author Jeff Beer is a staff editor at Fast Company, covering advertising, marketing, and brand creativity. He lives in Toronto. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Entertainment Enter The “Hall Of Frames”: A Collection Of Music’s Most Iconic Eyewear Entertainment Nike Made Branded Bandages To Fight A Sports Injury Stigma In China Entertainment SickKids Celebrates Father’s Day With A Sweet Story Of One Tough Dad advertisement Video How To Do Business Like Tony Soprano How Malia Obama Changed The Conversation Around Taking A Gap Year Here's What You'll Need To Succeed In Google's Lunar XPrize Competition Why Eataly is Passionate About Offering Classes That Don’t Bring Home The Bacon Grindr is Now More Than A Gay Hookup App What You Need To Know From Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Equinox's LGBTQA Film Is A New Kind of Marketing Authenticity Facebook Has Been Trying To Combat Its Fake News Problem--But Is It Doing Enough? This App Can Help You Prep For That Next Big Presentation How This Google Employee Transformed His Career During A Bad Job Market How The Art World Could Influence Political Opinions Pulling Out Of The Paris Climate Agreement Could Be A Huge Blow To The U.S. Economy Meet The Man (And Network) Behind Your Favorite TV Shows Kushner Ties Could Deter Tenants From Brooklyn's Iconic Watchtower Property Why Uber Might Owe You Money Ideas Ideas Democrats Believe In Starbucks, Republicans Believe In Exxon Ideas 120 Mayors On The Issues Facing Urban America Ideas Trump Says The Paris Agreement Is Bad For Business, Business Says Nope Entertainment Entertainment Enter The “Hall Of Frames”: A Collection Of Music’s Most Iconic Eyewear Entertainment Nike Made Branded Bandages To Fight A Sports Injury Stigma In China Entertainment SickKids Celebrates Father’s Day With A Sweet Story Of One Tough Dad Co.Design Graphics The Pew Research Center Rebrands For A Post-Truth World Graphics Visualizing The World’s Deadliest Computer Virus Spaces At Ai Weiwei’s Unnerving New Installation, The Art Spies On You Fast Company Entertainment Enter The “Hall Of Frames”: A Collection Of Music’s Most Iconic Eyewear Leadership The Five Most Important Things To Do During Your Summer Internship Leadership Lessons From The Epic Rise And Fall Of The Facebook Of The 1990s Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
Can Google teach kids not to troll? - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts Day With Dad Contest LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Day With Dad Contest Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Can Google teach kids not to troll? Posted: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 9:23 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 6, 2017 11:54 AM EDT Google wants to teach children how to protect themselves online and, hopefully, be a little less terrible to each other. The company is teaming up with educators and internet safety groups for Be Internet Awesome, a new campaign aimed at making middle... By Heather Kelly SAN FRANCISCO (CNNMoney) -- Kids are creative when it comes being cruel online. On Instagram, they'll post a group photo from a party and tag someone who wasn't invited to make them feel bad. They use music sharing apps to cyberbully each other in the comments of a song. Kids are even on Twitter "subtweeting" each other, making comments about people without directly using their names, just like the grownups do. Google wants to teach children how to protect themselves online and, hopefully, be a little less terrible to each other. The company is teaming up with educators and internet safety groups for Be Internet Awesome, a new campaign aimed at making middle and elementary school students into responsible digital citizens. The centerpiece of Google's program is an engaging game called Interland. It covers how to spot phishing and other scams, good password habits, not sharing personal information, kindness and conflict resolution. The game is available online for anyone to play. "A lot of it is just ignorance," said Jennie Magiera, chief innovation officer for a school district outside of Chicago. "We can get to them early, [and] teach them what trolling is." Part of Magiera's job is making sure students and teachers "know how to use technology for good and not evil." An expert in digital citizenship tools, Magiera was an early tester for Be Internet Awesome. After getting sucked into the game herself, she was also an unexpected success story. "I have a master's degree and I just learned more about password safety from this game from fourth graders [than I knew before]," said Magiera. Using the Be Internet Awesome classroom curriculum, teachers guide students through Internet basics. Later the kids hone their skills by playing Interland. To cross "reality river," they have to correctly answer questions about accepting friend requests from strangers, spotting fake news, and recognizing email scams. In another level, they are on a quest to spread good vibes, nix the bad, and report bullies. Many adults could benefit from the lessons in the game as well. A lack of online literacy might be one reason many parents don't think to have "the talk" with their kids about online behavior. Magiera finds many parents aren't even aware that kids under 13 aren't allowed on most social media sites. Parents may also mistake their child's technical proficiency with actually understanding the intricacies of online interactions. "Educators and parents are the first line of defense to create responsible digital citizens," said Stacey Finkle of the International Society for Technology in Education. The organization worked with Google to make sure the game met its standards. More awareness and empathy can reach kids who are mean online because they don't know any better or are following a stronger personality, said Magiera. But a class can't prevent everyone from growing up to hurl insults on Twitter or in internet comments sections. "There are some kids who are dealing with deeper issues or challenges that cause them to bully," said Magiera. "A cyberbullying curriculum isn't going to be a high enough tier of intervention." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Apple HomePod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: What's the difference? Elyse Betters and Mike Lowe6 June 2017Speakers Apple / Google / Amazon Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Back in November 2015 Amazon released Amazon Echo, its all-in-one speaker and assistant with Amazon Alexa voice control. And it's not taken long for other tech companies to muscle in with their own competitors.  A year later, in November 2016, Google released its Google Home speaker with Google Assistant voice control (which arrived in the UK in April 2017). Now Apple is following suit with its HomePod speaker featuring Siri voice control, which is due for release in December 2017. In the battle between Alexa, Assistant and Siri, which of these three smart speakers is best for your needs? Apple HomePod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Design Apple HomePod: 172 x 142mm; 2.5kg Google Home: 143 x 96mm; 477g  Amazon Echo: 235 x 84mm; 1.05kgs Amazon actually offers a few different versions of Echo (Tap, Dot, Look and Show), but for this comparison we're focusing on the original, canister-shaped model. Echo is a 9.25-inch tall cylinder speaker with a seven-piece microphone array. The outside has perforation for the speaker grille, while the top has a ring of light that you can turn to adjust volume and buttons for mute and activation. The speaker only comes in black or white colours. Google Home is a shorter device, at 5.6-inches tall. Its more customisable than Echo, too, as its base can be swapped out for one of six different colour fabric or metal shells to match your furniture. Home has a sloped top, with a touch-capacitive display and four LEDs to provide visual feedback. There is only one physical mute button at the back, which you can press to prevent Google from listening to hot words. The newest device of them all, Apple HomePod, is the largest and heaviest by a considerable margin. This is because Apple has packed in more speaker smarts than its competitors, in the quest for the best sound - even if its 6.8-inch height is just shy of the Amazon Echo. With a bulbous shape, the fabric covered HomePod will be available in two colours: space grey or white. Apple HomePod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Voice assistant Apple HomePod Apple utilises the long-standing Siri assistant in HomePod, the very same as you'll find in its iPhones, iPads and even Mac computers. That means you will be able to ask questions and receive replies, instruct smart home devices, or control music. It will be possible to say things like "Hey Siri, I like this song," and that information will be logged accordingly, with the assistant learning your personal preferences from hundreds of genres and moods, across tens of thousands of playlists from Apple Music. Siri will also be able to handle advanced searches within the music library, so you could ask questions like "Hey Siri, who's the drummer in this?" and get an answer. Google Assistant Google Home will let you ask Google anything, thanks to its Google Assistant AI. You will have access to Google's 17 years of search experience, which allows you to ask specific questions such as "How much fat is in an avocado?" or "What is Wayne Rooney's shirt number?" Those types of questions would stump Amazon Echo, but not Google. You can even ask for the weather or check Wikipedia. What is Google Assistant, how does it work and which devices offer it?  Because Google Home has Google Assistant, you can be conversational and ask follow-up questions like "Where did he go to school?" and Home will be able to connect the "he" pronoun to your previous question about Rooney (or whoever) in order to serve up an accurate answer. You can also ask complex stuff like "What was the US population when NASA was established?" Google Home will give you immediate answers each time. It can also read the relevant part of webpages back to you. Google Assistant on Google Home is the same as Assistant on Android phones. There will also be the addition of multiple users, for the whole family, in the near future. Amazon Alexa Similar to Google Assistant, Amazon Echo has Alexa, a different assistant. It (or "she" as many will say) is capable of understanding simple commands, or even a series of commands, but they're less conversational in that you'll have to engage the full question each time (there's no follow-on pronoun understanding at present). Alexa will play music, provide information, deliver news and sports scores, tell you weather, control smart home devices, and pull information from the Bing search engine by default. It will even allow Amazon Prime members to order products they've ordered before.  Amazon Echo: What can Alexa do and what services are compatible? Alexa updates through the cloud automatically and learns all the time. The more you use Echo, the more Alexa will adapt to your speech patterns, vocabulary, and personal preferences. Apple HomePod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Smart home Thanks to Alexa, Amazon Echo can respond to your voice commands and control any Alexa-enabled products, such as lights, switches, thermostats, and more. Simply ask Alexa to switch on a lamp, turn on the fan, dim the lights, or increase the temperature. Some products work directly with Alexa and other smart home ecosystems require a compatible hub or "middle man" app. Featured brands that work with Echo include Samsung SmartThings, Philips Hue, Wemo, Insteon, Wink, and Honeywell. You can find a full list of compatible devices on Amazon's site. Because Echo has been around for longer than Google Home and Apple HomePod, it has a notable head start and already has tonnes of partnerships - from in-car to at-home and beyond. Google Home can be a control centre for your entire home, because it has access to Google Assistant. Not only will this let you do the basics like set alarms and timers and manage to-do lists and shopping lists, but it will also connect to your smart home devices and it includes support for popular network systems. That means you will be able to control smart lights, switches, doors, and more. Google Home works with Nest, SmartThings, Philips Hue, and IFTTT. It also acts as a Chromecast receiver. So, with just your voice, it's possible to ask Google Assistant to adjust your Nest Thermostat or turn off your Philips Hue lights or fling content via Chromecast to your TV. Google plans to work with more partners so you can control more things in the home. Apple may seem late to the smart home party, but its HomeKit setup has been bubbling away in the background for some time now. Whereas Amazon Echo needs Alexa-compatible products or apps, Apple HomePod will need HomeKit-compatible products or apps to operate. HomePod, in a sense, is the missing link that will give HomeKit greater purpose. It will act as the hub to control HomeKit-enabled devices, such as turning on Philips Hue lights, without the need for an iPad or Apple TV to act as the hub (as is necessary until HomePod's launch). You can find a full list of compatible devices on Apple's site. Apple HomePod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Audio Amazon Echo is a Bluetooth speaker, so it can play music and be controlled from any device that supports Bluetooth audio streaming. By default it will talk to Amazon Music for subscribed members to source music, but other sources, such as Spotify, are controllable. Echo is a 1.0 channel speaker, meaning that it is a single speaker with one tweeter and one woofer. In our review of the device, we thought Amazon could have done better in the sound department. It is possible, however, to link Echo to a more powerful music system for improved quality - which is how many will use it. Google Home is a Wi-Fi speaker that can stream music directly from the cloud. We've streamed tunes from built-in sources like Google Play Music, YouTube Music, Spotify, and Pandora. We've even used it to wirelessly cast audio from our phone and laptop. Unfortunately, Google Home doesn't have Bluetooth connectivity like Echo, so you'll need to use apps and services with it that support Google Cast - but that's basically everything. Home features dual side-facing passive radiators in its compact form so sounds plenty loud with fair sound quality for its asking price. Buy more than one and it even offer multi-room playback. Home isn't dramatically better sounding than Echo, but we think it marginally pips it in the sound quality department. Last up is Apple, which will offer AirPlay 2 connectivity from your devices, or stream from cloud music services such as Apple Music (Spotify and others are also available, just as they are on iPhone and iPad). There is no Bluetooth, but that will be of no issue with AirPlay 2. Sound-wise, Apple clearly has the upper hand. HomePod is a far larger speaker with a lot more going on inside, including seven tweeters for 360-degree sound output, and a 4-inch woofer to handle bass. From what we've heard at the Apple preview event, it's the best sounding of the trio by far, putting it closer to Sonos Play:3 audio levels. Apple HomePod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Price Google Home is available now, priced £129 or $129. Amazon Echo is available now, priced £149 or $179. There's always the Echo Dot - which is designed to be synched to a larger music system of your choice - priced at $50 or £50 instead. Apple HomePod will be available in December, priced at $349. UK price is to be confirmed (we're presuming £349).  Apple HomePod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Conclusion The winner? It's a tricky one to call. If audio is your main goal then HomePod is by far the winner. It's also by far the most expensive (you could buy almost three Google Home devices instead). Visually speaking, Echo is the least attractive of the three. However, Alexa casts the widest net in terms of compatibility, with more abilities, devices and apps than its two competitors straight out of the box. Time will be a big player, however, as Google Home already has some great partnerships, plus a more conversational approach to queries from Assistant that, potentially, could see it the winner in terms of being a helpful assistant. Right now, however, that crown goes to Alexa - and we'll have to wait and see how well Siri functions with HomePod come the end of 2017. Sections Apple Google Amazon Smart Home Speakers Apple HomePod preview: Say hello to Apple's smart Siri speaker Ultimate Ears UE Wonderboom review: An explosion of musical joy Speaker placement tips and tricks: Things to look out for when setting up a... Sonos PlayBase review: Super-slim soundbase makes TV sound sublime Popular In Speakers On Pocket-lint Apple HomePod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: What's the difference? Apple HomePod: Price, release date, specs and everything you need to know Apple's HomePod Siri-enabled speaker is real, going after Sonos and Amazon combined Denon Envaya Bluetooth speakers are back with a new model and complete redesign Apple has begun production of its Siri speaker, should release this year Google Home calling: How does it work and when will it be ready? Microsoft Cortana skills: Which are available now and how do they work? "Alexa, how many times has the UK won nil points?": Alexa knows everything about Eurovision Move over, Alexa: More Cortana devices and skills are on the way Samsung Bixby voice-controlled speaker incoming? Patents would suggest so Apple iPad Pro 10.5 vs iPad Pro 9.7: Should you upgrade? Apple 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display (2017) preview: Bright and powerful Apple iPad Pro 10.5: Release date, specs and everything you need to know How Android Wear 2.0 puts the Huawei Watch 2 ahead of the competition Do these leaked iPhone 8 drawings reveal the phone's final design? YouView piloting Alexa support for TV boxes, change channels using voice-control Samsung Galaxy Note 8: What's the story so far? How Xbox One backwards compatibility works: The Xbox 360 games list and more OnePlus 5: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) vs Apple iPad Pro 12.9: What's the difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Google How does Apple’s HomePod compare to cheaper options from Amazon and Sonos? New, 132 comments Smart speaker spec shootout by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg Jun 6, 2017, 9:21am EDT share tweet Linkedin HomePod is Apple’s newest hardware, and the company’s big play to put Apple Music and Siri in the center of your living room. It’s an interesting product, one that seems to be making a simultaneous move against Sonos’ industry-leading, multi-room audio speakers and smart assistant hubs like the Amazon Echo and Google Home. The problem? HomePod is expensive. At $350, a single HomePod speaker costs more than many of its competitors in either product category. Smart assistant speakers aren’t even close — an Amazon Echo costs $180; the Echo Show costs $230; Google Home sells for $129; and perhaps most significantly, an Echo Dot is just $50. And Sonos’ speakers — which aren’t exactly known across the industry for being the cheapest line of products — also undercut the HomePod when it comes to price: a Sonos Play:1 costs $199, while a Play:3 runs for $299. Only the Play:5, which is hardly comparable from a speaker standpoint to Apple’s offering, is more expensive than HomePod. Related Apple’s HomePod sounds really good in its demos Apple’s argument is that the HomePod is worth the cost because it combines smart features and great sound, which is actually comparable to the current market. You can pick up a Sonos Play:3 and an Amazon Echo Dot for the same $349 price. But the HomePod is also limited in ways that Amazon and Sonos aren’t. Right now, the only music service that seems to be supported on HomePod directly is (unsurprisingly) Apple Music. And while it seems likely that you’ll be able to play music from another service to HomePod through the newly announced AirPlay 2 system, that’s still the weakest music support of any of the HomePod’s competitors, all of which support direct playback of services like Spotify, Pandora, and, in Sonos’ case, just about every music service ever made. It’s the same story on the other side of the divide, too — while HomePod supports Siri and HomeKit, it’s still as locked down as ever. Its abilities as a home assistant are limited to whatever Apple allows you to use it for, instead of the open platform that Amazon has made with Alexa Skills, or that Google would like to foster by allowing developers to build out things for Home. Apple's new HomePod smart speaker brings Siri home Meet Apple's adorable new HomePod speaker.‎Posted by Circuit Breaker on‎ יום שני 5 יוני 2017 That said, the HomePod is still months from release, and there’s undoubtably a lot we don’t know. Early reports of the sound quality are good, and there’s always the option for Apple to add support for other music services or Siri integrations down the line. Given that the HomePod isn’t out until December, you’ve got some time to make a decision, and a list of specifications is still no match for actually comparing how each speaker sounds in person with the music you like. But if you’d like to start seeing how things look now, here’s how the various smart speakers and home assistants stack up against each other on paper: Apple HomePod Spec Comparison Categories HomePod Amazon Echo Echo Dot Google Home Sonos Play:1 Sonos Play:3 Categories HomePod Amazon Echo Echo Dot Google Home Sonos Play:1 Sonos Play:3 Price $350 $179.99 $49.99 $129.00 $199.00 $299.00 Speakers 7 tweeters, 4-inch subwoofer 2.5-inch tweeter, 2-inch woofer Small built-in speaker 2-inch driver and dual 2-inch passive radiators 3.5-inch mid-woofer, tweeter Two 2.75-inch mid-woofers, 1-inch tweeter Microphones 6-microphone array 7-microphone array 7-microphone array 2-microphone array N/A N/A Smart assistant Siri Alexa Alexa Assistant Alexa through connected Echo(in private beta) Alexa through connected Echo(in private beta) Processor Apple A8 Texas Instruments DM3725CUS100 Texas Instruments DM3725 Marvell 88DE3006 N/A NA Multi-room audio? AirPlay 2 Supposedly forthcoming between Echos Supposedly forthcoming between Echos Chromecast Audio Sonos Sonos Music services supported Apple Music Amazon Music, Prime Music, Amazon Music Unlimited, Spotify Premium, Pandora, TuneIn, iHeartRadio, Audible Amazon Music, Prime Music, Amazon Music Unlimited, Spotify Premium, Pandora, TuneIn, iHeartRadio, Audible Google Play Music, Spotify Premium, Pandora, YouTube Music, TuneIn, iHeartRadio Apple Music, Pandora, Spotify, Amazon Music, Google Play Music, SoundCloud, Deezer, TuneIn, Napster, Microsoft Groove, Slacker, Stitcher, Tidal, and more Apple Music, Pandora, Spotify, Amazon Music, Google Play Music, SoundCloud, Deezer, TuneIn, Napster, Microsoft Groove, Slacker, Stitcher, Tidal, and more Third-party developer support As of now, no Yes, Alexa Skills Yes, Alexa Skills Yes, Assistant actions Only through Sonos partnerships Only through Sonos partnerships Interface Siri waveform / touch panel Light ring, buttons Light ring, buttons LED indicators, touch panel Volume and play / pause buttons Volume and play / pause buttons Connectivity Wi-Fi Wi-Fi, Bluetooth Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 3.5mm headphone jack Wi-Fi, Bluetooth Wi-Fi Wi-Fi Weight 5.5 pounds 2.36 pounds 0.36 pounds 1.05 pounds 4.08 pounds 5.71 pounds Dimensions (in.) 6.8 x 5.6 x 5.6 9.25 x 3.3 x 3.3 9.25 x 3.3 x 3.3 5.62 x 3.79 x 3.79 6.36 x 4.69 x 4.69 5.2 x 10.6 x 6.3 Correction: Updated chart to include TuneIn and iHeartRadio for Google Home, as well as note the touch panel on the Home for controls. In this Storystream WWDC 2017: the latest news from Apple’s big developer conference Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop How does Apple’s HomePod compare to cheaper options from Amazon and Sonos? watchOS 4 will let Apple Watches sync data with gym equipment through GymKit View all 48 stories Next Up In Circuit Breaker Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none Roli's Seaboard Block is a $299 multitouch keyboard that works with your phone Logitech’s new blue camo gaming headphones are perfect for underwater stealth levels This vintage pair of Apple sneakers is being auctioned off for $15,000 iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal Time to check you don’t have auto-renew turned on The 6 best new features in iOS 11 Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest The Vergecast reports back from WWDC by Andrew Marino Pokémon Go will host real-life events to celebrate its anniversary by Andrew Liptak Shadow of War’s new story trailer sets the stage for the battle over Mordor by Chaim Gartenberg Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller 5 comments / new Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 37 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Joel Lee 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Rob Nightingale Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway Product Reviews Android The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway Skye Hudson June 6, 2017 06-06-2017 6 minutes The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Apple is still dominating the tablet market, but Samsung is taking aim at the iPad Pro Powerful Things, Small Packages: iPad Pro 9.7" Review Powerful Things, Small Packages: iPad Pro 9.7" Review For some people, a 12.9" screen is the main draw of Apple's first iPad Pro. For others, size was the main barrier to entry. Read More with their new Galaxy Tab S3. It’s about the same size and weight as an iPad Pro, it’s the same price, and it comes with a free stylus (unlike Apple’s tablet). And there really aren’t many Android tablets competing for this spot. While the Android smartphone market has exploded with high quality offerings, your options for a tablet are still quite limited. So is the Galaxy Tab S3 really the iPad Pro competitor to beat? Read on to find out – and at the end of this review, we’re giving ours away to one lucky reader! Specifications Color: Silver Price: $500 on Amazon, plus optional $130 keyboard cover Dimensions: 237.3mm x 169.0mm x 6.0mm (9.34in x 6.65in x 0.24in) Weight: 429g (15.1oz) Processor: Quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 RAM: 4GB Storage: 32GB Screen: 9.7″ (2048 x 1536) AMOLED display Cameras: 13MP rear-facing camera and 5MP front-facing camera Speakers: Quad speakers, two on the top and two on the bottom Battery: 6,000mAh battery, charged using USB Type-C Operating System: Android 7.0 Nougat with Samsung’s custom interface Extras: Fingerprint scanner, microSD card slot, included stylus, optional keyboard Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7-Inch, 32GB Tablet (Silver, SM-T820NZSAXAR) Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7-Inch, 32GB Tablet (Silver, SM-T820NZSAXAR) Includes the Samsung S Pen Stylus Buy Now At Amazon $497.99 Hardware Put simply, the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 is a gorgeous tablet. By hardware alone, it has to be the best Android tablet currently available. The only possible exception to this is the Google Pixel C Google Pixel C Review Google Pixel C Review Google has released the Pixel C tablet to paint the Android tablet experience in a whole new light -- but is the whole idea just academic in a world with affordable Windows 10 tablets and... Read More , but it’s well over a year old now. So until Google updates their tablet offering, Samsung can claim the title of best Android tablet hardware. Advertisement The Tab S3 has a glass back and aluminum sides that give it a premium feel. You’ll find the volume rocker, power button, and microSD card slot on the right side of the device, while the USB Type-C port What Is USB Type-C? What Is USB Type-C? Ah, the USB plug. It is as ubiquitous now as it is notorious for never being able to be plugged in right the first time. Read More and headphone jack are along the bottom. The left side has connectors for the optional keyboard cover. There are four speakers total on the Tab S3 — two on the bottom and two on the top. Thanks to this quad speaker setup, audio played from the tablet is more than sufficiently loud and immersive. Oddly, Samsung has decided to stick with a physical home button for the Tab S3. After dropping it on the Galaxy S8 The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn't Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn't Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The $800 Samsung Galaxy S8 is, without question, the best smartphone ever made. But you probably shouldn't buy one. Read More in favor of software keys, it’s bizarre that Samsung’s flagship tablet would keep the tradition alive. The physical home button is also a fingerprint scanner, and it’s flanked by the Recents and Back keys. That setup is probably the Tab S3’s biggest weakness. Navigation with the small physical and capacitive buttons is just a hassle on a tablet, especially in landscape since the buttons are clearly oriented for portrait. The screen is a gorgeous AMOLED panel that has vibrant colors and wonderful contrast. It has a resolution of 2048px by 1536px, which means that text and images are sharp (this is the same resolution as the iPad Pro’s screen). All of this, by the way, is packed into a frame that’s only 6mm thin. On the back of the Tab S3, you’ll find a 13MP camera that sits flush against the device. It’s definitely not as good as the camera on Samsung’s Galaxy S8, but it’s better than pretty much any other Android tablet. The front-facing camera is 5MP, and it’s similarly just above average. The glass back of the tablet does attract fingerprints, but that won’t be a problem if you purchase the optional $130 keyboard. It attaches magnetically to the Tab S3 in a way that’s both sturdy and convenient. It’s then easy to prop the tablet up into work mode — though, unfortunately, you can’t adjust the angle at which it sits. The keyboard cover holds strong; you can easily lift the tablet into the air by the keyboard, and it doesn’t detach. But it’s easy enough to pry off with your fingers. It’s powered by connectors that run along the side of the tablet, so there’s no worrying about keyboard batteries or Bluetooth connections 6 Reasons Why You Should NOT Buy a Bluetooth Keyboard 6 Reasons Why You Should NOT Buy a Bluetooth Keyboard Before you commit to buying a Bluetooth keyboard, consider these drawbacks and issues that may cause you to change your mind. Read More . Somewhat annoyingly, though, if you remove the tablet from work mode, the tablet senses it and automatically turns off the screen. That can make switching from work mode to tablet mode a little annoying. Even weirder is that shutting the keyboard case over the tablet doesn’t turn off the screen. The keyboard’s keys are clicky, and it didn’t take me long to get used to typing on them. That being said, it is a small keyboard constrained by the fact that this is only a 9.7″ device. If you don’t like small keyboards, you won’t like this one. But for what it is, it’s great. And to top it all off, the Tab S3 comes with an active stylus out of the box. It’s a full-sized pen that feels fantastic in the hand and has a skinny 0.7mm rubber tip. It also has 4,096 pressure sensitivity levels, meaning you can use all sorts of apps to draw, illustrate, or just take notes. Internally, the Tab S3 is powered by a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of RAM, and 32GB of storage — making it plenty powerful. It also has a 6,000mAh battery that easily kept it chugging along all day in my testing. It can even get back to a full charge in less than three hours. So the Galaxy Tab S3 undoubtedly has some great hardware, but is the software just as good? Software This tablet is running Android 7.0 Nougat, but it looks very much like a Samsung device. App icons are rounded and colorful (though this can be adjusted in the settings), there are splashes of color throughout the design, some menu icons are replaced by text, and there is a good number of Samsung-specific apps. Some of these apps include: a file explorer The 7 Best Free File Explorers for Android The 7 Best Free File Explorers for Android There are a bunch of file management and file exploring apps out there for Android, but these are the best. Read More called My Files, a proprietary browser called Internet, Kids Mode, Samsung Kids, Samsung’s own app store called Galaxy Apps, Samsung Flow, PEN.UP, and Samsung+. I imagine a lot of people will see these as bloatware, but some of the them can be uninstalled, and the others can be disabled. As far as features go, there’s a built-in blue light filter Get a Good Night's Sleep by Filtering Your Phone's Blue Light Get a Good Night's Sleep by Filtering Your Phone's Blue Light Your phone's screen is keeping you awake. Don't let it. These apps will help you rest well. Read More to help you sleep, Smart Stay (which keeps the screen on while you’re looking at it), Game Launcher for organizing your games, Game Tools for adjusting your games while playing, Smart Capture (which gives you better screenshot options, like scrolling to get a long screenshot), and more. You can even change the screen zoom, font size, and font style from within the Settings app. There’s a lot going on in terms of customization, but once you have your tablet setup the way you like it, it’s a breeze to use. If you buy the optional keyboard, you can navigate around menus using the arrow keys and the enter key. If you use the stylus, you can easily jot down notes or scribble over screenshots. And that stylus is a dream to use. It’s smooth and natural to write with, and the pressure sensitivity is fun to play around with when doodling. Thanks to the built-in Multi-Window feature, you can even jot notes on one half of the screen while watching a video on the other half. Win a Galaxy Tab S3! That right, we’re giving ours away to one lucky reader. Enter below for your chance to win! Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Giveaway Should You Buy It? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7-Inch, 32GB Tablet (Silver, SM-T820NZSAXAR) Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 9.7-Inch, 32GB Tablet (Silver, SM-T820NZSAXAR) Includes the Samsung S Pen Stylus Buy Now At Amazon $497.99 It’s hard to be critical of the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 mostly because it doesn’t have any competition. Android hardware manufacturers have essentially given up on tablets and focused all their energy on smartphones. So you don’t have a lot of options in the 10″ tablet range. However, that didn’t stop Samsung from pushing the limits with this tablet. It may be expensive at $550, but it comes with a pen, which already makes it a better value than the iPad Pro. Our verdict of the Samsung Galaxy Tab S3: If you want a 10″ Android tablet, this is the best option currently out there. It’s not perfect, though. It’s expensive, its physical and capacitive keys are awkward, and it’s loaded with too many Samsung apps, but aside from that, it’s a solid choice.910 Previous PostHow to Identify Which Apps Are Draining Your Battery on AndroidNext PostMonopoly on Your Phone? 10 Classic Board Games Gone Mobile 2 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * so June 8, 2017 at 3:00 am ive been a big fan of samsug tablets for awhile now, and was quite dissapointed b/c they havent been really focusing on tablets anymore. I got the Samsung tab A with S pen (2016) version for my college note taking, but now i wish i wouldve waited a little more to get this tablet...rip Reply Frank June 7, 2017 at 1:12 pm Waiting for it to become available in Thailand. Reply Skye Hudson 2 articles Skye is the Assistant Managing Editor and the Android Section Editor for MakeUseOf. She is fond of Android and Windows devices and has been writing about technology in various forms for several years. Advertisement Latest Giveaways GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? Advertisement Trending 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Smart Home 11 Air Conditioner Blunders to Avoid on Hot Summer Days Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Internet Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Productivity 25 Companies That Hire Remote Workers (Because You’re Worth It) Advertisement Related Articles What’s the Best Samsung Galaxy S8 Case? 5 Affordable Ways to Protect Your Investment Buying Guides Android What’s the Best Samsung Galaxy S8 Case? 5 Affordable Ways to Protect Your Investment GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Product Reviews GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Product Reviews Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Google Is World’s Most Valuable Brand at $246 Billion By Douglas A. McIntyre June 6, 2017 5:23 am EDT Print Email Tweet Consultancy BrandZ came out with its annual list of the 100 most valuable brands. Alphabet Inc.’s (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google led the list at $246 billion. Google was followed by Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) at $234 billion, Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) at $143 billion. Amazon was fourth at $139 billion. In terms of market capitalization, the four are the most valuable public companies. Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB) followed the tech companies with a brand value of $130 billion. The consultancy said in a press release: This year, the total brand value of the Top 100 brands has risen +8% to $3.64 trillion, compared with +3% in 2016, while the number of brands worth more than $100bn has increased from six to nine. The total brand value of the ranking is up +152% from 2006 (its first year), as its composition has shifted towards innovative, consumer-focused technology brands with huge reach and brand-building power. The BrandZ Top 10 in 2017 are worth almost as much as the entire Top 100 in 2006 ($1.42tn vs $1.44tn), and have grown +249% in value, compared with +152% for the Top 100 as a whole. It added: The 2017 ranking shows that the balance of power has truly tipped towards the consumer-focused technology brands that develop ecosystems that cater to many needs, simplifying an increasingly complex world. More than half of the Top 100’s total brand value is contributed by technology-related brands (a definition that includes telecoms and online retailers), up from a third in 2006, and these have grown +16% in the last year compared with +4% for non-tech brands. The BrandZ Top 10 Most Valuable Global Brands 2017 Rank 2017 Brand Category Brand value ($M) Change Rank 2016 1 Google Technology 245,581 +7% 1 2 Apple Technology 234,671 +3% 2 3 Microsoft Technology 143,222 +18% 3 4 Amazon Retail 139,286 +41% 7 5 Facebook Technology 129,800 +27% 5 6 AT&T Telecom providers 115,112 +7% 4 7 Visa Payments 110,999 +10% 6 8 Tencent Technology 108,292 +27% 11 9 IBM Technology 102,088 +18% 10 10 McDonald’s Fast food 97,723 +10% 9 I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Amazon Offers Prime Discount to Those on Government Assistance One-Third of People Lie in LinkedIn Profile — Research » Read more: Investing, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), GOOGL, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Best Counties to Live In Powerball Lottery Jackpot Hits $375 Million: 12 Things Not to Do If You Win The Most Dangerous Cars in America States Most Dependent on Trade With Canada Cities Hit Hardest by Extreme Poverty Recent Will Nordstrom Take Itself Private? Homeowner Equity Climbs 11.2% in Q1 Gas Price Slips Below $2 in Some Cities as Others Fall Closer NewLink Genetics Sinks After Regaining Licensing Rights for Its Cancer Treatment Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 3 Stocks to Buy With Dividends Yielding 3% or More Snap User Growth Expected to Continue Lagging 3 Top Dividend Stocks in Lumber Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 Not Too Worried to Rise Do Options Traders Know Something About Emerge Energy (EMES) Stock We Don't? Why Aqua Metals (AQMS) Could Be Positioned for a Slump Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised Nordstrom shares spike as family explores deal to take retailer private Claims for US jobless benefits fall by 10,000 to 245,000 Boeing Is Working On Self-Flying Plane Technology, And Our Hands Are Already Sweaty Interior Secretary Takes Aim At Obama-Era Sage Grouse Protections Trump's Proposed Cuts To Foreign Food Aid Are Proving Unpopular Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google is penalizing developers who use incentivized reviews and installs to make their apps more visible +7,061 Quentyn Kennemer Jun 6th, 2017 Google has posted an update regarding their developer policy for Google Play. They’re specifically targeting developers who use tactics such as offering free goods or money to users provide good reviews for an app, or even for installing the app. These “incentivized actions,” they’re calling it, are deemed harmful to the Google Play environment because a developer can use it to game the visibility system. In layman’s terms, they’d benefit from the troves of high ratings and installs by getting higher to the top charts or even being on featured lists, even if not that many people are actually using the app. The tactic is generally used by developers who want their new games and apps to bubble up to the top of Google Play fast in order to start generating income as soon as possible. Those initial installs and ratings may not be genuine, but they’ll lead to more eyes, and the ratings themselves will get real users curious to see what all the hubbub is about. Before too long — if the game or app is decent enough — the fake reviews would start getting drowned out by real ones from users who have become enthralled with it. So, that’s what Google wants to stop. To be clear, Google doesn’t consider all incentivized installs to be bad, but if they look to be the types which are being used solely to manipulate their ranking on Google Play — and Google says they can filter these apps out — they may get automatically filtered out of top app lists. Otherwise, the apps will still be available on Google Play as long as the user is willing to search for it specifically. Developers looking for more info can head here to read all the details for themselves. local_offer    Google   Google Play   Google Play Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (3) stars Further Reading Google Maps begins showing subway station layouts New Google Home ad published Deal: Discounts and Credits at the Google Store Google shares the best Android highlights from I/O 2017 DEAL: Get 4 months of Google Play Music for free stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertSamsung releases its Always On Display app closeSamsung releases its Always On Display app onto the Play Store, but you can’t download it Samsung has released its Always On Display for the Galaxy S8 and S8 Plus onto the Play Store. This will give Samsung more control over updates regarding this specific feature of the devices. 2 more_vertTop 5 Apps of the Week closeTop 5 Android Apps of the Week (June 2, 2017) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 3 more_vertAMOLED vs LCD displays closeWhat’s the difference between AMOLED and LCD displays? Every smartphone today has one of two displays types: AMOLED or LCD. So what exactly is the difference between these two displays? 4 more_vertZTE Nubia Z17 announced closeThe ZTE Nubia Z17 packs 8GB of RAM and Quick Charge 4+ This new phone from ZTE has just about every high-end feature you could want and more. It might be the most powerful phone on the planet right now. 5 more_vertLG announces the X500 closeLG’s X500 can play 20 hours of video without charging LG has announced the X500, their new affordable smartphone for someone who wants something that lasts all day. 6 more_vertApple announces the Homepod closeHomepod, Apple’s Google Home competitor, costs $350 and looks like a knee pad Say hello to the Homepod, Apple’s take on the budding new smart home hub market currently being contested by industry giants Amazon and Google. 7 more_vertQuick Charge 4+ announced closeQualcomm announces Quick Charge 4+ with 3 new features Last year, Qualcomm introduced the Snapdragon 835 processor along with Quick Charge 4.0. A few devices have the 835, but none have QC 4.0 yet. That didn’t stop Qualcomm from announcing the next version, Quick Charge 4+. 8 more_vertOnePlus 5 render leaks closeFirst clear look at the OnePlus 5 reveals a very familiar design Earlier today, OnePlus officially announced an event on June 20th. This is when we’ll finally get to see the OnePlus 5. Thankfully, we don’t have to wait that long. Just a few hours later, a press render leaked. 9 more_vertNew LG G6 variants may launch later this month closeLG has plans to launch the LG G6 Pro and G6 Plus later this month A new report claims that LG is planning to launch the LG G6 Pro and LG G6 Plus in the company’s home country of South Korea. These devices will offer slightly specs than the standard LG G6. 10 more_vertPokemon GO Summer update closeBig updates are coming to Pokemon GO this summer Niantic has been steadily updating the game with new features and events, but it looks like this summer will mark some big changes. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2017
businessInsiderLoad mobile navigation Economy Markets Sectors All Sectors Banking & Finance Energy Food & Drink Retail & Consumer Property Science & Technology Tourism TransportExpand Events Special Reports Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Contact Us About Us Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS feeds © Insider Publications Ltd Home News Apple News Apple unveils the HomePod voice-activated smart speaker powered by Siri The device set to challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home was revealed along with a sweeping range of updates to products by chief executive Tim Cook to 5,000 developers at the firm's WWDC conference  Share ByPhilip Gates 07:49, 6 JUN 2017 Updated08:14, 6 JUN 2017 News Apple CEO Tim Cook revealed the new HomePod at the WWDC conference in San Jose, California  Share Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Apple has unveiled its HomePod - a voice-activated smart speaker powered by virtual assistant Siri. The device - pitched first and foremost as a music player which is due to be released in December - was revealed by chief executive Tim Cook to 5,000 developers at the firm's WWDC conference in San Jose, California. Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Like other products by Amazon and Google, the HomePod can respond to questions and control smart home gadgets such as lights. Read More Join insider.co.uk on Facebook Live for an exclusive tour around true Student's trendy new Glasgow housing Cook said it was part of Apple's range of new products and software that fulfilled the company's "collected mission to change the world". He said the goal of the new HomePod was to "reinvent home music" the way the iPod had changed portable music. Powered by Siri it can be used to play music as well as take and answer other voice commands. The HomePod will be launched in December Analysts are already predicting the HomePod will challenge Amazon Echo and Google Home, as well as home audio systems from the likes of Sonos. The introduction of person-to-person payments using Apple Pay was also among the sweeping range of announcements. Users will soon be able to send and receive money in the Messages app, Apple revealed. The company's line of desktop iMac computers has also been updated with new displays, while a new, more powerful iMac Pro was also teased ahead of release later this year. Read More IHS Markit labour market report shows demand for staff soaring New software to help developers build augmented and virtual reality content using Apple devices for the first time was also revealed. A new version of the iPad Pro, complete with a larger 10.5-inch screen, was also introduced alongside iOS 11, the next version of the operating system for the tablet and the iPhone. New multi-tasking tools for the iPad, including better app switching and the ability to drag and drop items between apps, were also shown. Also in the iOS 11 update was a new 'Do Not Disturb While Driving' feature which silences a user's phone when at the wheel, hiding notifications until they complete a journey and designed to improve in-car safety. The technology giant will hold its next live event in September, when the next version of the iPhone - marking the device's 10th anniversary - is expected to be unveiled. Read More Top stories Rangers deal - as told by MIH's accounts Watch our true Student video HSBC in new court battle Santander rescues rival Spanish bank Gender 'pay gap' widens in retirement Perth Airport operator's turnover boost FreeAgent enjoys soaring sales Flybe strikes Eastern Airways deal Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @insidermag Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe More On Science & Technology Apple Google News all Most Read Most Recent Rangers FCRevealed: How Murray International Holdings' accounts outline Lloyds 'incentives' to Sir David Murray before and after Craig Whyte Rangers sale Insider.co.uk has gone through the audited records of MIH from 2007 to 2013 which show the metals business was just one of a number of lucrative assets Sir David prised away from his heavily indebted group EconomyGLD Group and Brewdog among nine Scottish companies to feature in the Sunday Times/HSBC International Track 200 league table GLD Group debuts as the top-ranked company north of the Border in the eighth annual listing to be published this weekend AnalysisWe must foster the right conditions to create the next generation of powerful female business leaders, says Ken Symon Comment: Insider.co.uk has kicked off a series of Women in Business articles with an interview with Jayne-Anne Gardhia. However the path to the top for many female execs can still be long and lonely. This must change PwCPwC Private Business Awards' Scottish regional qualifiers announced List of 14 qualifiers across nine categories in the awards - now in their seventh year - has a strong focus on innovation NewsAldi Scottish Beer Festival kicks off amid promises of a craft brewers sale bonanza Ales, lagers and stouts from Edinburgh's Eyeball, Hybrid in Grangemouth, Redcastle in Angus, Fallen in Stirlingshire, St Andrews and 30 others will be featured Belladrum FestivalBelladrum Records' first artist Tamzene secures £15k from Innovate Your Business Scheme for digital release The 20-year-old from Cromarty who signed with the indie label spun out of the Belladrum Tartan Heart Festival released first track called Lullaby and is now recording new material BBCKellogg's takes legal action over tennis player's Special K nickname Australian Thanasi Kokkinakis wants to use it commercially but the cereal company has initiated court proceedings in Adelaide British TelecomBT appoints KPMG as new auditor to replace PwC after Italian accounting scandal The appointment ends PwC's 30yr relationship with BT PwCPwC Private Business Awards' Scottish regional qualifiers announced List of 14 qualifiers across nine categories in the awards - now in their seventh year - has a strong focus on innovation EconomyGLD Group and Brewdog among nine Scottish companies to feature in the Sunday Times/HSBC International Track 200 league table GLD Group debuts as the top-ranked company north of the Border in the eighth annual listing to be published this weekend Most Read Most Recent Rangers FCRevealed: How Murray International Holdings' accounts outline Lloyds 'incentives' to Sir David Murray before and after Craig Whyte Rangers sale Insider.co.uk has gone through the audited records of MIH from 2007 to 2013 which show the metals business was just one of a number of lucrative assets Sir David prised away from his heavily indebted group EconomyGLD Group and Brewdog among nine Scottish companies to feature in the Sunday Times/HSBC International Track 200 league table GLD Group debuts as the top-ranked company north of the Border in the eighth annual listing to be published this weekend AnalysisWe must foster the right conditions to create the next generation of powerful female business leaders, says Ken Symon Comment: Insider.co.uk has kicked off a series of Women in Business articles with an interview with Jayne-Anne Gardhia. However the path to the top for many female execs can still be long and lonely. This must change PwCPwC Private Business Awards' Scottish regional qualifiers announced List of 14 qualifiers across nine categories in the awards - now in their seventh year - has a strong focus on innovation women in businessMarie Macklin, executive chair and founder of Macklin Enterprise Partnerships, writes a 'letter to my younger self' One of Scotland's top businesswomen isn't short of advice for her 16-year-old success as she points the way to business success Belladrum FestivalBelladrum Records' first artist Tamzene secures £15k from Innovate Your Business Scheme for digital release The 20-year-old from Cromarty who signed with the indie label spun out of the Belladrum Tartan Heart Festival released first track called Lullaby and is now recording new material BBCKellogg's takes legal action over tennis player's Special K nickname Australian Thanasi Kokkinakis wants to use it commercially but the cereal company has initiated court proceedings in Adelaide Scottish GovernmentVital Statistics: All you need to know about Scottish business in graphs and charts June 2017 How does Scotland measure compared to England on digital safety? What percentage on women are chief executive in the local authorites? Fancy knowing the top attractions in Scotland that cost nothing to get into? Then take a look at these figures British TelecomBT appoints KPMG as new auditor to replace PwC after Italian accounting scandal The appointment ends PwC's 30yr relationship with BT PwCPwC Private Business Awards' Scottish regional qualifiers announced List of 14 qualifiers across nine categories in the awards - now in their seventh year - has a strong focus on innovation Top Stories British TelecomBT appoints KPMG as new auditor to replace PwC after Italian accounting scandal The appointment ends PwC's 30yr relationship with BT women in businessJayne-Anne Gadhia talks exclusively to insider.co.uk about sexism, racism and mental health discrimination in the world of business Insider Exclusive: After the launch of her first book The Virgin Banker: My Life in Finance, the Virgin Money CEO opens up on gender equality, the status quo... and her love for Donny Osmond EconomyGLD Group and Brewdog among nine Scottish companies to feature in the Sunday Times/HSBC International Track 200 league table GLD Group debuts as the top-ranked company north of the Border in the eighth annual listing to be published this weekend AnalysisWe must foster the right conditions to create the next generation of powerful female business leaders, says Ken Symon Comment: The path to the top for many female execs can still be long and lonely. This must change FlybeFlybe reports £19.9m pre-tax loss after big IT writedown The regional airline warns it is likely to book a further '£6m' IT writedown in 2017/18 PwCPwC Private Business Awards' Scottish regional qualifiers announced List of 14 qualifiers across nine categories in the awards - now in their seventh year - has a strong focus on innovation NewsAldi Scottish Beer Festival kicks off amid promises of a craft brewers sale bonanza Ales, lagers and stouts from Edinburgh's Eyeball, Hybrid in Grangemouth, Redcastle in Angus, Fallen in Stirlingshire, St Andrews and 30 others will be featured Celtic FCProposed Celtic hotel complex to create up to 120 jobs The revelation comes after the Scottish Premiership champions unveiled plans for the proposed development, to be located next to Celtic Park, earlier this year DundeeWatch the V&A Dundee's stone panels being fixed into place in breathtaking drone footage Due to open next year, the V&A franchise forms the centrepiece of Dundee's £1bn waterfront redevelopment project NewsPernod Ricard acquires majority stake in Del Maguey Single Village Mezcal The value of the deal, agreed through Pernod Ricard USA’s new Brand Ventures division, has not been disclosed EnergyPetrofac secures 'landmark' 10yr agreement with Petroleum Development Oman The agreement builds on a 3yr programme of engineering, procurement and construction management Petrofac has undertaken on behalf of PDO NewsAuto Trader reports 23% rise in annual profits to £193m The classified car website, which floated on the stock exchange in 2015, reports sales rose 10.5% to £311.4m Rangers FCRevealed: How Murray International Holdings' accounts outline Lloyds 'incentives' to Sir David Murray before and after Craig Whyte Rangers sale Insider.co.uk has gone through the audited records of MIH from 2007 to 2013 which show the metals business was just one of a number of lucrative assets Sir David prised away from his heavily indebted group EconomyGLD Group and Brewdog among nine Scottish companies to feature in the Sunday Times/HSBC International Track 200 league table GLD Group debuts as the top-ranked company north of the Border in the eighth annual listing to be published this weekend AnalysisWe must foster the right conditions to create the next generation of powerful female business leaders, says Ken Symon Comment: Insider.co.uk has kicked off a series of Women in Business articles with an interview with Jayne-Anne Gardhia. However the path to the top for many female execs can still be long and lonely. This must change PwCPwC Private Business Awards' Scottish regional qualifiers announced List of 14 qualifiers across nine categories in the awards - now in their seventh year - has a strong focus on innovation NewsAldi Scottish Beer Festival kicks off amid promises of a craft brewers sale bonanza Ales, lagers and stouts from Edinburgh's Eyeball, Hybrid in Grangemouth, Redcastle in Angus, Fallen in Stirlingshire, St Andrews and 30 others will be featured Celtic FCProposed Celtic hotel complex to create up to 120 jobs The revelation comes after the Scottish Premiership champions unveiled plans for the proposed development, to be located next to Celtic Park, earlier this year FlybeFlybe reports £19.9m pre-tax loss after big IT writedown The regional airline warns it is likely to book a further '£6m' IT writedown in 2017/18 DundeeWatch the V&A Dundee's stone panels being fixed into place in breathtaking drone footage Due to open next year, the V&A franchise forms the centrepiece of Dundee's £1bn waterfront redevelopment project Rangers FCHow the Rangers fraud case against Craig Whyte unravelled and led to his acquittal MAURICE SMITH, who watched the trial unfold, pinpoints court evidence scrutinising the actions of the club's owners Murray International in the run-up to the deal as key to the former Ibrox owner being found not guilty Business FivesBusiness Fives set to kick off for new summer season tournament The five-a-side event for footie-loving firms, which runs through August and September, cultimates in finals day at the state-of-the-art Oriam Centre British TelecomBT appoints KPMG as new auditor to replace PwC after Italian accounting scandal The appointment ends PwC's 30yr relationship with BT Food & Drink10 reasons why the food and drink industry in Scotland is booming right now CLAIRE MUIR reviews how an industry which now accounts for nearly 20% of all Scottish manufacturing jobs, employs around 34,000 and expects to add another 14,000 roles in the next five years is already working towards a post-Brexit landscape Visit ScotlandVisitScotland PR team named best in the UK Members beat off stiff competition to triumph at the CIPR Excellence Awards in London UEFAFrame wins raft of high-profile sporting contracts including R&A, SFA, PFA Scotland and Uefa The Glasgow-based creative agency hits the ground running following its own recent staff appointments RBSRBS legal action judge calls for probe as marathon case halted Mr Justice Hildyard tells London's High Court the action brought by thousands of shareholders had exposed the need for an inquiry STVSTV Group chair Margaret Ford to lead School for CEOs' first female-focused workshop It's the first time Baroness Ford has taken part in a School for CEOs programme founded by ex-Scotland rugby captain David Sole and ex-John Menzies chief exec Patrick Macdonald EnergyPetrofac secures 'landmark' 10yr agreement with Petroleum Development Oman The agreement builds on a 3yr programme of engineering, procurement and construction management Petrofac has undertaken on behalf of PDO Food & DrinkThe Ivy Collection to launch The Ivy On The Square restaurant in Edinburgh The group behind The Ivy in London sign 25yr lease on a unit in the capital's St Andrew Square FlybeFlybe secures new five-year franchise agreement with Eastern Airways The deal will see Eastern Airways fly Loganair's existing Flybe-branded routes from Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Glasgow and Manchester NewsExclusive: Sir David Murray was director in company behind controversial land deal Sir David was a director in Project Snowdon Acquisitions Ltd, a newco set up in February 2014 which went on to buy the land assets held by his heavily indebted group, Murray International Holdings Economy Markets Sectors Events Special Reports Follow us facebook twitter Contact Us About Us Competition Rules How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS feeds © Insider Publications Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos letters editorials Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition US edition: switch to the UK edition UK switch to the US switch to the Australia edition AU switch to the International edition INT jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters digital newspaper archive crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Vodafone Vodafone to stop its ads appearing on fake news and hate speech sites Telecoms company to work with Google and Facebook to set up a ‘whitelist’ of safe sites on which its advertising can appear Vodafone spends close to £400m of its £750m annual global ad budget on digital ads. Photograph: YouTube Vodafone Vodafone to stop its ads appearing on fake news and hate speech sites Telecoms company to work with Google and Facebook to set up a ‘whitelist’ of safe sites on which its advertising can appear Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Mark Sweney @marksweney email Tuesday 6 June 2017 10.41 EDT First published on Tuesday 6 June 2017 08.54 EDT Vodafone is to introduce a tough new global policy to prevent its advertising from appearing on fake news and hate speech sites. The telecoms company, which spends close to £400m of its £750m annual global ad budget on digital ads, is thought to be the first to move beyond relying on Google and Facebook’s automated technology. Working with Google, Facebook and ad agencies, it is setting up a “whitelist” of sites on which its ads can run. Advertisers should follow Vodafone's lead after Facebook and Google failures | Nils Pratley Read more “It is relatively easy to blacklist certain sites, such as those relating to porn and gambling, but it is difficult to exclude content that is – in editorial terms – at odds with an advertiser’s own principles and beliefs,” said Matt Peacock, group director of corporate affairs at Vodafone. “When it comes to making a judgment about a site or channel focused on fake news or hate speech, what’s needed is a human judgment, an editorial assessment. It’s not possible to rely on algorithms alone. For that reason, we’ve concluded that the best way to ensure brand safety is to use a whitelist approach.” Vodafone’s whitelist will feature sites it has identified as “highly unlikely to be focused on harmful content”. “Hate speech and fake news threaten to undermine the principles of respect and trust that bind communities together,” said the Vodafone chief executive, Vittorio Colao. “Vodafone has a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion; we also greatly value the integrity of the democratic processes and institutions that are often the targets of purveyors of fake news. We will not tolerate our brand being associated with this kind of abusive and damaging content.” The whitelist will be reviewed regularly to make sure it is “appropriate and neither too broad nor too narrow”. Vodafone’s definition of sites peddling hate speech has been updated to include those that “deliberately intend to degrade women or vulnerable minorities”. Its definition of fake news sites includes those “presented as fact-based news (as opposed to satire or opinion) that has no credible primary source (or relies on fraudulent attribution to a primary source) with what a reasonable person would conclude is the deliberate intention to mislead”. The company said an outlet will only be blocked from its whitelist if its “predominant purpose” is hate speech or fake news, meaning it will not move to block tabloid or extreme rightwing or leftwing publishers if they occasionally are at odds with its new rules. Vodafone stressed that its rules do not cover the type of content its customers can access. Facebook, which has toughened its own policies on fake news on its site, said Vodafone’s new policy would work hand in hand with its own efforts. “We welcome Vodafone’s new global rules,” said a Facebook spokesman. “We work closely with all of our advertiser partners to ensure that they have control over where their ads appear on our platform, and vigorously enforce our community standards which include policies against hate speech, violence or extremist content.” Both Google and Facebook have moved to introduce tools to stem the spread of false information and minimise the chances of advertising appearing next to inappropriate content. However, there is evidence that these are not 100% effective. “While automated advertising is a powerful tool in a small minority of instances it can also lead to unintended and potentially harmful outcomes including advertising appearing next to offensive content,” said Vodafone. “Additionally, automated advertising technologies can have the effect of generating revenue for outlets focused on hate speech and fake news.” Facebook said it would “continue to work with all advertisers to help them deliver great advertising experiences that drive business results”. Google did not respond to a request for comment. Topics Vodafone Telecommunications industry Mobile phones (Technology) Telecoms Mobile phones (Money) Consumer affairs news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion letters editorials sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video podcasts digital archive Business › Vodafone business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business back to top jobs become a supporter make a contribution guardian labs about us work for us contact us advertise with us solve technical issue terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop complaints & corrections all topics all contributors Facebook Twitter subscribe digital newspaper archive © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content FiveThirtyEight Artboard 95 Search Search Menu Significant Digits For Tuesday, June 6, 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Politics Sports Science & Health Economics Culture ESPN New: Politics podcast Live coverage of James Comey’s Senate testimony Jun. 6, 2017 at 8:28 AM Significant Digits For Tuesday, June 6, 2017 By Walt Hickey Filed under Significant Digits Facebook Twitter Email You’re reading Significant Digits, a daily digest of the numbers tucked inside the news. Are you or do you know a DJ who works weddings? We need a favor. 44 percent Traffic decrease from Google to the Wall Street Journal after the latter began blocking Google users from reading the site for free. Still, Journal subscriptions went up as a result. [Bloomberg] 44.1 percent FiveThirtyEight launched a new interactive on Monday to track the national generic congressional ballot (a recurring poll question that asks people whether they would support an unnamed Democrat or an unnamed Republican in their congressional district). Democrats lead the GOP 44.1 percent to 36.9 percent, as of Monday evening. [FiveThirtyEight] 442 non-nominees President Trump slammed Democrats on Monday for not approving his ambassadors quickly enough. It’s an odd complaint because ambassadors can get through Senate confirmation with zero Democratic support (diplomatic nominees can’t be filibustered), and the actual bottleneck appears to be at the White House: The administration has not yet picked a nominee for 442 of 559 key government positions requiring Senate affirmation. [Yahoo] $60,000 Approximate amount a drug dealer can make from a kilogram of heroin costing around $4,000. This is done by diluting the pure product. With a kilogram of the far more potent fentanyl (which also costs about $4,000), that dealer can make $1.2 million. This financial incentive is one of many things driving the U.S. opioid crisis. And because fentanyl is far stronger than heroin, it’s also far deadlier. [BuzzFeed] $2.2 billion There are major hunger crises in South Sudan, Nigeria, Yemen and Somalia. The United Nations set a goal to raise $6.1 billion to address the crises; so far, only $2.2 billion has been pledged. [The Washington Post] If you see a significant digit in the wild, send it to @WaltHickey. Walt Hickey is FiveThirtyEight’s chief culture writer. @WaltHickey Filed under Significant Digits (614 posts) Comments Thanks for subscribing! A confirmation email is headed your way shortly. In the meantime, subscribe to FiveThirtyEight’s other newsletters. Want more FiveThirtyEight? Get our weekly most popular stories newsletter. Subscribe All newsletters Please enter a valid email address and try again. Most Popular in Culture Significant Digits Significant Digits For Thursday, June 8, 2017 Most Popular in Sports NHL The Predators’ Comeback Is No Fluke Thanks for subscribing! A confirmation email is headed your way shortly. In the meantime, subscribe to FiveThirtyEight’s other newsletters. Want more FiveThirtyEight? Get our weekly most popular stories newsletter. Subscribe All newsletters Please enter a valid email address and try again. Interactives How The Internet* Talks Most Popular in Culture Significant Digits Significant Digits For Thursday, June 8, 2017 Get more FiveThirtyEight Newsletter Podcasts Twitter Facebook GitHub RSS Follow @FiveThirtyEight Contact Jobs Masthead Privacy and Terms of Service About Nielsen Measurement Powered by WordPress.com VIP Close Additional Information Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and Safety Information/Your California Privacy Rights/Children's Online Privacy Policy are applicable to you. ©2017 ESPN Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Interest-Based Ads. Cookie Policy.  Get us in your inbox. No thanks. Done. Thanks for subscribing! A confirmation email is headed your way shortly. In the meantime, subscribe to FiveThirtyEight’s other newsletters. Make email significant again Get our daily digest of the numbers tucked inside the news. Subscribe Please enter a valid email address and try again. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Special Report: Comey testifies on Trump, Russia investigation Comey testifies before Senate intel panel Comey testifies on Russia investigation: ABC Radio Joint Economic Committee hearing on economic impact of opioid epidemic Houses of Parliament in London on election day Day 3 of texting suicide trial in Taunton, Mass. Dow Jones Industrial Average EarthTV hosts 30-day live look of global cities observing Ramadan Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Morning view of Rockaway Beach, NY Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Apple unveils voice-activated smart speaker More The "GMA" team of insiders analyzes some of the biggest stories trending this morning. 4:10 | 06/06/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Apple unveils voice-activated smart speaker Back now with our big board and Diane Macedo is joining us here at the table but we'll talk about your story in just a minute. Hold on. Okay. First a major announcement from apple. The tech giant unveiling its first new product in years, the homepod which is a voice activated smart speaker going toe-to-toe with the echo and Google home. Becky Worley joins now to talk about it. Demand for smart speakers is through the roof right now. 36 million Americans are going to use these device as cording to e-marketers this year. What do you think about this apple device? Is it magical or is it eh? Magical or E mechlt. The $64,000 question, Michael. In this case the price tag makes its the $349 question. Homepod will be available in December. In is in that home assistant category that you said is exploding and probably lives in your kitchen and has siri built in so can answer questions like what's the weather going to be like? But the number one request of these assistants so far is play a song. So this is touted as a much higher quality speaker than those that come with Google home or Amazon's echo. Maybe the audio quality is the magic they're going for here. Worth double the price? Yeah, you know, the thing about this, remember, it's not about the product, it's not necessarily for all the other guys about the profit they're making on the profit. It's about the ecosystem. What's the end game for each of the tech giants. Amazon's goal, frictionless shopping. Consumers buy 10% more when they own an echo. Google's business, advertising, more voice searches, more searches mean more money. Apple, though, they're a hardware company and need a profit on this hardware and an entertainment so this is for the audiophiles. Michelle Obama was saying that she was showing up in their developer's conference and will be at the apple conference. A pretty good gig after the flotus gig. Thanks very much. Now we'll bring in Diane. You have the story of a young soccer star, disqualified from a tournament because of the way she looks. Here's what she said about it. Said it's only because the looks that like when they look at me they think I'm a boy but I'm really not. Now, Diane, MILI and her family presented that insurance card that showed she was a girl. Apparently he didn't believe it. It must have been heart break for her. Her dad said cry add as soon as she received this news. This is tough to take as anybody but for her team. The team out of this during the finals. But her dad said he talked to her about it and she loves soccer more than anything. The very next day she was out on the field playing again. Wow. Kick the whole team out sounds so unfair. On top of that but they had a lot of soccer stars who came to her defense? She has big names having her back. Abby Wambach not only tweeted about it but sent her a really beautiful video message. Hey, MILI Hernandez, I've heard the news and all I can say is that your courage and your bravery is going to help that next kid that's put in a similar situation. You can do anything you want to do and you can be anything you want to be. Guess what, you can look like whatever you need to look like to do it. Good for her right there. I'm kind of mystified. How did the organizers explain this. They haven't. As far as we've seen the family has done tons of interviews and the organization that made this call has not objection complained other than the team can appeal so now they're leaving it at that but, you know, she's not only hearing from Abby Wambach but Mia hamm as well who also tweeted about this saying we would love to host you at one of our camps. So she may not have gotten to play in the finals but she'll get to play with armie hammer which is pretty cool and the team has the option to appeal this decision so this probably won't be the last we'll hear about it. Diane, thanks very much. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Apple is rumored to soon announce the release of its Siri-powered smart speaker The tech giant will reportedly unveil the new smart speaker at an upcoming developers conference. Now Playing: Apple is rumored to soon announce the release of its Siri-powered smart speaker Now Playing: Apple unveils HomePod smart speaker Now Playing: Will Arnett 'called a lot of favors in' for celeb judges on 'Gong Show' Now Playing: Billboard releases the top summer songs since 1958 Now Playing: Chef Roy Yamaguchi prepares Hawaiian recipes Now Playing: Standup comedian Katherine Ryan talks Netflix special Now Playing: 'Lethal Weapon' cast reunites for 30th anniversary of the classic buddy cop film Now Playing: Deals and steals: Outdoor summer fun Now Playing: New warnings after tick-related death Now Playing: First look at Emily Blunt and Lin-Manuel Miranda in 'Mary Poppins Returns' Now Playing: Alleged NSA leaker due in court Now Playing: Comey testimony expected to be a historical moment Now Playing: Texts revealed during trial of woman accused of encouraging teen to commit suicide Now Playing: Bill Cosby accuser, accuser's mother takes the stand Now Playing: Lawmakers to grill James Comey on unanswered questions Now Playing: Michael Flynn and his dealings with Russia are focus of FBI investigation Now Playing: What to watch in James Comey testimony Now Playing: Comey's testimony expected to shut down Capitol Hill Now Playing: White House braces for James Comey testimony Now Playing: Comey to testify about 'inappropriate meetings' with Trump Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":47859108,"title":"Apple unveils voice-activated smart speaker","duration":"4:10","description":"The \"GMA\" team of insiders analyzes some of the biggest stories trending this morning.","url":"/GMA/video/apple-unveils-voice-activated-smart-speaker-47859108","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Apple HomePod preview: Say hello to Apple's smart Siri speaker Stuart Miles6 June 2017Smart Home Pocket-lint $349 For Sound, design, Siri Against Only supports Apple Music from device Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple has once again entered the speaker market launching the Apple HomePod, a speaker with Siri built-in that plans to take on not only the Amazon Echo and Google Home but advanced systems like Sonos too. Apple wants to deliver not only a connected smart speaker, but wants to address one of the biggest weaknesses in current solutions: sound quality. Apple is something of a latecomer, but does it have what it takes to challenge an already crowded market? Apple HomePod: Design 172 x 143mm, barrel shaped, 2.5kg Mesh covered for 360 degree sound Flattened top with touch controls and Siri waveform The cylindrical speaker coved in a mesh fabric promises to put music at the forefront of the experience. The 7-inch tall speaker will come in either white or space grey and feature an array of speakers to create a well-rounded balance of treble and bass regardless of where you place it in the room. A single power cable comes out the bottom, while a touch sensitive display panel on the top shows volume controls when needed, as well as a glowing rainbow of lights when Siri is responding to your commands or questions. There are resemblances to the company's cylindrical Mac Pro computer, although it's not as big, or as shiny. Like Google Home and Amazon Echo, this is a speaker that is designed to sit in any environment, be it the bedroom or the kitchen, and it's a design that works from all angles. It's as clean as it is simple, although it will be interesting to see if you can see the Siri lights clearly enough from various positions in the room. Amazon solved this problem with a clean circle light around the top of the echo, while Google angled the top of Google Home. Apple HomePod: A self-tuning speaker Sound adapts based on speaker placement 6 microphones Turn the speaker on and it will automatically tune itself to maximise performance based on its positioning in the room. Unlike Sonos that requires you to wave your phone around to create a better "sound landscape" using its TruePlay technology, Apple says that the speaker sends out an array of sounds and then uses the six built-in microphones to hear how those sounds reverberate around the room. It means that you should have the "perfect sounding" speaker whatever room you're using it in and it won't matter if you place it on a table in the centre of the room or in a corner, the sound will be adapted to make sure you get the best results out of it. It certainly sounded great when we heard the speaker for the first time. Apple HomePod: Sound performance 4-inch up-firing central woofer 7 tweeters Adaptive software to reduce distortion The Apple HomePod will allow users to sign directly into Apple Music or stream other music services like Spotify via Apple's AirPlay 2 technology. In that sense, it's a little less connected than its rivals, with a strong preference for Apple Music as the source, which you'd expect. What the HomePod really targeting sound quality over its current rivals, it's here that most of the interest will lie. Up against the Amazon Echo - which doesn't have a music pedigree - there is a clear winner, the Apple HomePod sounds better. At twice the price you would expect this to be the case and Apple clearly stated that was its intention. Amazon's popular speaker is great for listening to that radio and having fun with Alexa, but it's no match for the likes of a Sonos Play:1 or a UE Boom 2 for example. Pocket-lint Against something like the Sonos Play:3, a connected speaker that's closer to the size of the HomePod, it's a slightly different story. Initial thoughts are that the HomePod sounds livelier, with a wider soundscape, but we also feel that we would need to listen to more songs for longer to make a more rounded appraisal. Listening to an array of tracks by Norah Jones, The Eagles and Kendrick Lemar, the HomePod does feel substantial. It's probably a fairer comparison to pitch the HomePod against the Naim Mu-so Qb. A cracking speaker that delivers a beautiful sound, something which we are sure Apple would happily be compared to. Regardless of which device you compare the new speaker to, it's clear that it sounds very good and its approach to sound will appeal to many, regardless of the music type they listen to. We look forward to testing it more substantially in the future. Like the Sonos Play:3 and many other speakers, you can pair two HomePods to create a stereo pair although Apple confirmed on stage that there is much more to it than just simply acting as a left and right channel and we're sure this will be a popular option for those wanting to fill a larger space with sound. Apple HomePod: Siri integration Beyond aiming to be a great speaker, Apple has included an A8 processor, as found in the iPhone 6 to manage a lot of the heavy lifting and power Siri. It means that, like the Echo and Google Home, you'll be able to use AI and access Siri via the HomePod speaker to ask questions, issue smart home commands, or merely control the music. Users will be able to give commands like "Hey Siri, I like this song" and Siri will act on that information and respond accordingly learning preferences the range of tracks available in Apple Music. Siri can also handle advanced searches within the music library, so users can ask questions like "Hey Siri, who's the drummer in this?" or create a shared Up Next queue with everyone in the home. When you aren't asking about music you can control all the HomeKit-enabled devices in your home, turning on lights, creating scenes, and suchlike. And like Apple TV, the HomePod can act as a home hub, providing remote access and home automations through the Home app on iPhone or iPad. First Impressions From what we've experienced so far, the Apple HomePod not only looks good, but more importantly, the speaker sounds good too, especially when you push the boat out and pair two together. Of course with Apple's acquisition of Beats and its music history with iTunes you would expect that. Apple will be fighting a battle on many fronts, against smart speakers and market leaders like Sonos who dominates the multiroom speaker experience. When it comes to sound quality, first impressions are that Apple has done a good job, which might be more worrying for established speaker makers who are looking to get more connected. With Apple's native and seamless support, it's going to be a popular choice for Apple Music users. In the smart speaker race, Amazon - Google Home perhaps less so - but the HomePod could be the missing part in Apple establishing HomeKit dominance in the smart home. Amazon's advantage isn't in sound quality, it's in the sheer number of services that Alexa can offer, which is where Siri becomes important. The rate at which third-parties can establish that connection becomes critical, because Alexa is already very linked up. Apple suggested that the HomePod had been 4 years in the making. Priced at $349, it's less of an impulse buy than the Amazon Echo, but it could be the next big Apple success. Sections Apple Smart Home Speakers Apple HomePod: Price, release date, specs and everything you need to know Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa Hive review: The British Gas system that's the hub of all things Nest Cam IQ vs Nest Cam Indoor: What's the difference? Popular In Smart Home On Pocket-lint Use your Amazon Echo and Alexa to follow the UK General Election Apple HomePod preview: Say hello to Apple's smart Siri speaker Amazon Echo gets cool new features, check out what Alexa can do now HP's Cortana device will be a standalone speaker with AI built in What is Samsung Connect Home and how does it work? Samsung Connect Home Wi-Fi takes on Google Wifi with smart home skills to boot Eve Degree is your HomeKit-ready indoor or outdoor weather station Nest Cam IQ vs Nest Cam Indoor: What's the difference? Nest Cam IQ 4K security camera can tell the difference between a burglar or a thing Nest Cam IQ preview: 4K sensor brings facial recognition and more precise alerts Apple iPad Pro 10.5 vs iPad Pro 9.7: Should you upgrade? Apple iPad Pro 10.5: Release date, specs and everything you need to know Apple 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display (2017) preview: Bright and powerful How Android Wear 2.0 puts the Huawei Watch 2 ahead of the competition Xbox Project Scorpio: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? YouView piloting Alexa support for TV boxes, change channels using voice-control OnePlus 5: Release date, rumours and everything you need to know How Xbox One backwards compatibility works: The Xbox 360 games list and more Microsoft Surface Pro (2017) vs Apple iPad Pro 12.9: What's the difference? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Latest News Dow 21,187 +12.92 +0.06% Nasdaq 6,291 -6.35 -0.10% S&P 500 2,432 -1.31 -0.05% 10:11 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 10:10 A.M. ET Updated Carvana soars after first earnings report, analysts say it isn't just another used-car company 10:01 A.M. ET Updated Snapchat user growth could be slowing again this quarter, analysts warn 10:00 A.M. ET Lear downgraded to underweight from equal weight at Morgan Stanley 10:00 A.M. ET A London Couple's 1913 Home Gets Modern Updates 9:57 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:56 A.M. ET This is the worst thing people do on their summer vacation 9:56 A.M. ET We want your feedback: Take a sneak peek at upcoming changes to Virtual Stock Exchange 9:54 A.M. ET Updated Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET Updated U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance Apple’s HomePod costs twice as much as Amazon’s Echo, but will it be twice as smart? By Kari Paul Published: June 6, 2017 8:38 a.m. ET Share Some devices appear to be funnier and more intelligent than others Getty Images Apple CEO Tim Cook at the 2017 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, Calif. surrounded by giant HomePods. By KariPaul Reporter Apple unveiled its “HomePod” on Monday, a wireless speaker to compete with the likes of Amazon’s Echo. But the company has some strides to make if it wants to compete with other smart devices that have gotten a head start — at least in the intelligence department. That’s because Siri lags behind Microsoft’s US:MSFT  Cortana, the Alexa on Amazon Echo US:AMZN  , and the Google US:GOOG Home Assistant, a study from digital agency Stone Temple that asked 5,000 random questions of the leading smart assistants found. The smartest device was the Google Home Assistant: it answered 69% of the questions and 91% of those completely and correctly. Cortana followed in second place at 56% of questions answered and 82% of those answered correctly. Siri was able to answer only 22% of 5,000 questions and 62% of them correctly; Alexa answered 21% and 87% of those correctly. Researchers compared these answers to a traditional text-based Google search, which found 97.4% of questions were answered 100% complete and correct, meaning that the question was answered fully and directly. At $349, the HomePod is significantly more expensive than its competitors: Amazon Echo, home to Alexa, retails for $180 and Google Home Assistant retails for $129. Cortana made its debut as part of Windows Phone 8.1 in 2014 and Siri has been included on Apple US:AAPL  devices since 2014. Amazon reportedly sold more than 11 million Echo devices between mid-2015 and Dec. 1 2016. Google is expected to have sold only 1 million Google Home devices my mid-2017, but is reportedly catching up in the smart assistant realm, with at least 200 million devices having access to Google Assistant. The release of the HomePod comes as smart devices are increasingly finding themselves in our homes and even our offices, though some question if the purchases are worthwhile. Google Home: $129 Amazon Echo: $179 Apple HomePod: $349 That Pod better deliver some amazing sound, because Siri is not going to do it.— Jelle Prins (@jelleprins) June 5, 2017 Adam Wright, Senior Analyst for Consumer IoT at research firm IDC, said these devices have the potential to be the next main computing platform. “A number of factors will shape the market moving forward, including changes in consumers’ comfort over the security and collection of private data, the progress of natural language processing and advances in voice interface functionalities, and regulatory requirements that could alter the market,” he said. (The companies surveyed did not respond to request for comment.) The HomePod will reportedly have louder and more crisp sound than competitors, Bloomberg reported, and will likely integrate with third-party apps. Though some of these devices have been on the market for years, the study shows some of their processes haven't been perfected, the Stone Temple survey found. When asked, “Who is the highest paid actress,” Cortana pulled up a list of highest paid actors instead. Siri, when asked, “How to use crutches,” pulled up a rather nonsensical listing of metabolic properties of using crutches. Researchers asked the Google Assistant, “Who founded Dominion Resources?” (an energy company based in Virginia) and the smart assistant provided instead information on where it was founded. Many mistakes are owed to the device misunderstanding questions: When asked who invented the pen, Alexa instead answered Alexander Fleming, who invented penicillin. interesting homepod is music focused. is it because apple not able to go beyond that like Google/Amzn can with AI?— ಠ_ಠ (@MikeIsaac) June 5, 2017 This could be a problem, since answering random questions is exactly what consumers are buying these products to do. Roughly 60% of consumers use smart speakers primarily to ask “general questions,” according to a recent survey from comScore. This use was followed closely by checking the weather at 57% and streaming music at 54%. Many people also use it to be a timer and alarm (41%), reminder (39%) and calendar (27%). Still, the devices will only improve as their adoption picks up, Wright said. Don’t miss: Here’s a list of all of the things millennials have been accused of ruining for everyone else... “Intelligent assistants will get smarter the more they are used and via their ability to integrate information gathered across multiple devices, whereby networking effects will encourage more adoption,” he said. “Conversations that a user has with an intelligent assistant over one device and in one context can be picked up again over another device and in a different context, which will feed the cognitive system’s ability to get even smarter.” But smarts aren’t all that matter for these assistants: Some are also funny. Siri was the wittiest by far, at nearly 0.8% joke responses to the 5,000 questions. Alexa and Google Assistant followed at 0.4% joke responses. Asking Alexa, for example, “Who is the best rapper?” will get the answer, “Eminem. Wait! I forgot about Dre.” When asked, “What’s the meaning of life,” Cortana will say, “We all shine on, my friend.” Perhaps future updates will feature less corny jokes, or an actual philosophical or thoughtful answer. Apple shares have gained 33% in 2017, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average US:DJIA  has gained 7% and the S&P 500 US:SPX  has gained 9%. This story was updated on June 5, 2017 after Apple announced its HomePod. Read more: Male college grads immediately make more than their female peers The Surprising Threat to the American Economy A Four-Bedroom in 15 Central Park West’s Exclusive ‘House’ Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Nasdaq sets intraday record, but stocks cough up early rise ahead of Comey testimony Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Crush Your Credit Card Debt w/ 0% Balance Transfer SmartAsset.com Top 2 Travel Credit Cards for Excellent Credit (2017) SmartAsset.com Princeton Whiz Matches You with Right Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Top Bank Announces 1.05% APY - with $1 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Maximize Your Credit Card Rewards (Excellent Credit Only) SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.18% 30 yr fixed 3.75% 15 yr fixed 3.01% 10 yr fixed 2.88% 30 yr fixed refi 3.73% 15 yr fixed refi 3.01% 5/1 ARM 3.14% 5/1 ARM refi 3.24% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.89% $50K HELOC 4.76% $75K HELOC 4.75% $100K HELOC 4.54% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.68% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.89% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.22% 48 Mo New Car 3.07% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.73% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.16% Student 14.04% 14.04% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.13% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.15% Reward 15.86% 15.85% 15.25% Cash Back 15.99% 15.99% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.32% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. MarketWatch Partner Center Kari Paul Kari Paul is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @kari_paul. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill Club Metro Tennis Boxing UFC Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 118m shares Google won’t remove hate preacher YouTube rants which ‘inspired London Bridge attack’ Rob Waugh for Metro.co.ukTuesday 6 Jun 2017 1:41 pm Ahmad Musa Jibril (Picture: Youtube)<br />Google refuse to remove shocking YouTube videos which inspired London Bridge killers as it ‘doesn’t break their rules’ Google has refused to remove YouTube videos of hate preachers who allegedly inspired the London Bridge killers to carry out their attacks. Boy murdered by mum's boyfriend had more than 100 injuries on his body Videos of radical preacher Ahmad Musa Jibril are still freely available on the site – despite being directly linked to the radicalisation of Khuram Butt, 27. American preacher Jibril’s videos have a substantial following on YouTube with 1.5 million views – and have been linked to foreign fighters in Syria. An acquaintance said of Butt, ‘He used to listen to a lot of Musa Jibril. I have heard some of this stuff and it’s very radical. I am surprised this stuff is still on YouTube and is easily accessible. ‘I phoned the anti-terror hotline. I spoke to the gentleman. I told him about our conversation and why I think he was radicalized.’ Ahmad Musa Jibril (Picture: Youtube)<br />Google refuse to remove shocking YouTube videos which inspired London Bridge killers as it ‘doesn’t break their rules’ Google has refused to remove the videos, saying they don’t violate YouTube’s rules – although there is no advertising placed against them. Yvette Cooper, the Labour candidate for Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford and former shadow home secretary, said: ‘It is sickening that extremist, terrorist material which intends to radicalise people so that they carry out heinous attacks like the one we saw on London Bridge is still easily available on YouTube. Everything we know about the London Bridge terror attack so far (Picture: AFP/Getty Images) A van ploughed into pedestrians enjoying a night out in London Bridge, before attackers went from bar to bar stabbing people around Borough Market. The horrific, brutal attack was been officially declared a terrorist incident. Eight people were killed and 48 seriously injured in the attack. Out of those, 21 are in a critical condition. Here is everything we know so far. What happened The emergency services were first called to reports of a white van driving into several people on London Bridge at 10.08pm on Saturday. The entire area and nearby railway stations were closed, including London Bridge. Witnesses reported seeing the van driving at around 50mph, mounting the pavement and swerving into a number of people. Holly Jones, a BBC reporter who was on the bridge at the time, said: ‘A white van driver came speeding – probably about 50mph – veered off into the crowds of people who were walking along the pavement. ‘He swerved right round me and then hit about five or six people.’ (Picture: PA) (Picture: Google) (Picture: AFP/Getty Images) (Picture: Reuters) The van, which had been driving from north of the river, then drove towards Borough Market – which was especially busy because it was Saturday night. When it arrived, the suspects stabbed several people in a crowded area. They then went from bar to bar, attacking people with 12-inch hunting knives. Shots were then heard in the area, which was later confirmed to have been police officers shooting the suspects dead. (Picture: PA) Met Police later confirmed that seven people had died and at least 48 were hospitalised. In addition, the three suspected attackers were shot dead – within eight minutes of first responders arriving on the scene. Two police officers were seriously injured in the attack – one Met officer, and another from the British Transport Police. One of the officers, who was first on the scene of the attack, took on the three armed terrorists with nothing but his baton. A third police unit was sent to the Vauxhall area after reports of a stabbing, but this was later confirmed to not be connected to the attacks in London Bridge and Borough Market. Victims Eight people died in the attack. London Ambulance Service said it had taken at least 48 injured people to five different London hospitals, while those described as ‘walking wounded’ were treated at the Andaz Hotel near Liverpool Street, where there were paramedics and more armed officers. Later, it was confirmed that 21 people were in a critical condition. A British Transport Police officer who was left ‘seriously injured’ was reportedly stabbed in the face, head, and leg. Police boats searched the River Thames for anyone who may have fallen from the bridge during the attack. Canadian national Chrissy Archibald was the first victim confirmed as having tragically passed away in the attack. Businessman James McMullan was also confirmed dead, after his bank card was found by police on one of the bodies. Xavier Thomas, 45, was thrown into the Thames by the rented van. Australian nanny Sara Zelenak was confirmed dead after she was missing for several days. Ignacio Echeverria, 39, was killed trying to fight the terrorists using his skateboard. French national Alexandre Pigeard, 27, was stabbed while working as a waiter at Boro Bistro. Kirsty Boden, a 28-year-old nurse from Australia, was killed ‘as she ran towards danger’ trying to help. Sebastien Belanger, a French chef, is also thought to have died in the attack. Who can you call if you’re concerned about loved ones Anyone concerned about friends or relatives can call the Met Police’s Casualty Bureau, which remains open. Call 0800 096 1233 and 020 7158 0197. The attackers (Picture: AFP/Getty Images) The three attackers, Khuram Butt, Yousef Zaghba and Rachid Redouane, were shot dead by police. Police said the men were shot within eight minutes of officers receiving the first reports of the attack. Witnesses described seeing them getting out of the van after it crashed just south of London Bridge. A photographer at the scene, outside the Wheatsheaf pub, took a photo of one of the suspects wearing a vest with canisters strapped to themselves. The vests later turned out to be fake. The person who took the photo said he then saw the attackers being shot by police. On Sunday afternoon, police raided a property in Barking. They made 12 arrests in connection to Saturday night’s attack – six men and six women. However, all were released without charge. What’s happening now (Picture: Getty Images) The investigation The ongoing investigation is being led by the Counter Terrorism Command. Police say they believe they’ve caught all of the attackers, which is why the country’s terrorism threat level was not raised to ‘critical’, as it was in the wake of the Manchester atrocity. What the Met Police said In a statement released on Sunday night at 10pm, the Met Police’s Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said: ‘We would like to thank the media for their continued support, restraint and understanding in not speculating as to who the suspects are in this fast moving investigation. ‘I would like to assure them and the public that this is directly assisting the progression of the investigation and confirm we will release the identities of the three men directly responsible for the attacks yesterday, Saturday, 3 June, as soon as operationally possible. ‘Officers have been working tirelessly to process the crime scenes and release the cordons. We are hopeful that some of the cordons around London Bridge station will be released during the course of tomorrow morning but consult TFL website before you set out on your journey’s into and around London tomorrow. ‘The public can expect to see additional police – both armed and unarmed officers – across the Capital as you would expect in these circumstances. And our security and policing plans for events are being reviewed, the public will also see increased physical measures on London’s bridges to keep the public safe.’ Transport (Picture: PA) After the attack London Bridge, Borough, Waterloo East, Charing Cross and Cannon Street stations were all completely closed. However, Borough station reopened on Sunday evening, and all other stations reopened on Monday morning. The Thames was briefly closed, but reopened to boats on Sunday morning. Hospitals Guy’s Hospital, which is in the London Bridge area, was placed on lockdown as a precaution to keep staff and patients safe. St Thomas’ and the Evelina Children’s Hospital a mile away were also put on lockdown. This has however now been lifted. SaveSave More It's 104 years to the day since Emily Davison died for women's right to vote Theresa May 'set to win General Election in biggest landslide since Margaret Thatcher' Very good dogs are waiting patiently for their owners to vote at polling stations again CCTV shows moment London Bridge attackers were gunned down Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » It's 104 years to the day since Emily Davison died for women's right to vote Police detain man shouting 'Allah, Allah, I'm going to kill you all' in north London Fight breaks out between photographers at polling station What is a spoilt ballot paper? How best to spoil your vote Boy murdered by mum's boyfriend had more than 100 injuries on his bodyMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Cameramen get involved in awkward fight at polling station Jeremy Corbyn on the naughtiest thing he's ever done Child killer Chevaze McGregor filmed having violent tantrum Child 'dry drowns' after swimming at Texas City dikeMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: News Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Thursday, June 8, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 66°F Sunny Thursday, June 8, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Podcasts Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary Blogs All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Breaking News UPDATE: I-74 delays near Danville, Mahomet Apple gives a big shout-out to playing catch-up share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Business Consumer borrowing slows to pace not seen since 2011 GM shareholders overwhelmingly reject activist investor's plans U.S. firms post record number of open jobs in April Illinois gas prices hit lowest point for season in 12 years × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Business Apple gives a big shout-out to playing catch-up Tue, 06/06/2017 - 7:00am | The Associated Press Photo by: Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP The HomePod speaker is photographed in a a showroom during an announcement of new products Monday at the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, Calif. SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) — Apple Inc. gave a nod to several up-and-coming technology trends at its annual showcase Monday, unveiling a new "smart" home speaker and device features touching on virtual reality, online privacy and a form of artificial intelligence called machine learning. The "HomePod" speaker unveiled Monday is similar to devices from rivals, some of which have been on the market for years. Like the Amazon Echo and Google Home, the HomePod will play music while also helping people to manage their lives and homes. Siri will be voice-activated to respond to requests for information and other help around the house. It is the first new device Apple has announced in almost three years. It unveiled the Apple Watch in September 2014. Apple "can't afford to yield valuable real-estate in the heart of people's homes to Amazon, Google and others," said Geoff Blaber, research analyst at CCS Insight. That's especially important because people are starting to access information, entertainment and search in a more "pervasive" way that's less dependent on smartphones, he said. The speaker will sell for about $350 in December in the U.S., United Kingdom and Australia. Amazon sells the main version of the Echo for $180; Google's Home speaker goes for $130. The Echo, released in 2015, and Google Home, released last year, were the first entrants in a promising market. The research firm eMarketer said more than 35 million people in the U.S. are expected to use a voice-activated speaker at least once a month this year, more than double its estimate from last year. Keeping it real with VR New iMacs unveiled Monday at Apple's annual conference for software developers are getting better displays and graphics capabilities. Apple said that makes the Mac a great platform for development virtual-reality "experiences." But Apple is late to the game on VR. Samsung and Google already have VR systems centered on smartphones. Facebook, HTC and Sony have high-end VR systems, too. Virtual reality has been described as the next big thing for decades. But so far, interest has been strongest among gamers, developers and hardware makers rather than everyday users. Apple's entry into the market could change this. Its entry into digital-music sales with iTunes, and into the smartphone market with the iPhone, upended those industries and gave them mass appeal. New iPhone/iPad features New features coming to these devices include messages that sync to Apple servers in the cloud. Devices will only keep the most recent messages in local storage. For photos, Apple is turning to a "high efficiency" format to replace the widely used JPEG standard. Although it is not exclusive to Apple, it's not yet clear how well the photos will work with non-Apple software and devices, which use JPEG. Apple is also bringing the ability to send money to friends or other people through its payment service, Apple Pay. So far, it has limited payments to purchases of products and services from companies and other organizations. The free software update for mobile devices, iOS 11, is expected in September, when Apple typically releases new iPhones. Mac gets an upgrade CEO Tim Cook unveiled the latest operating system for Mac computers. Called High Sierra, it recognizes more faces automatically, which should make it easier to organize photos, and will offer more photo-editing tools. Safari, Apple's proprietary web browser, seeks to make users' online experience smoother and less annoying. It will allow users to automatically block auto-play videos by detecting those that shouldn't be playing when you open a webpage to read an article, for example. The browser's new "intelligent tracking prevention," meanwhile, will use machine learning to identify and block digital-ad trackers in order to keep advertisers from following and profiling users. It will not block the ads themselves, though. Sizing up the iPad Apple is introducing an iPad Pro in a new size in an attempt to revive interest in its once-hot-selling line of tablets. The new 10.5-inch model offers room for a full-size keyboard, something the 9.7-inch model couldn't. Yet it isn't as bulky as the 12.9-inch model. With consumers less interested in buying new tablets, Apple has increased its focus on designing tablets for professionals to do much of the same work that they usually perform on a laptop computer. It's also what Microsoft is targeting with the Surface Pro; a new model of that comes out June 15. The new iPad Pro also comes with a better camera — the same one found in the iPhone 7 — along with more storage, a better display and faster refreshing of moving images. It starts at $649 and will start shipping next week. Watch the watch Apple is also updating the operating software for Apple Watch, including new watch faces and more personalized alerts that use machine learning to tailor information to you based on your routines and tastes. It also enhanced its workout app to, for instance, support high-intensity interval training. It will also be possible to exchange data between gym equipment and the watch. In a nod to Amazon streaming fans, Apple is also bringing Amazon Prime to its Apple TV app. Sections (2):News, Business Topics (2):Internet, Technology More Business Consumer borrowing slows to pace not seen since 2011 GM shareholders overwhelmingly reject activist investor's plans U.S. firms post record number of open jobs in April Illinois gas prices hit lowest point for season in 12 years More Business Consumer borrowing slows to pace not seen since 2011 GM shareholders overwhelmingly reject activist investor's plans U.S. firms post record number of open jobs in April Illinois gas prices hit lowest point for season in 12 years Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments Latest News UPDATE: I-74 delays near Danville, Mahomet Work planned for Illinois 133 east of Arthur Consumer borrowing slows to pace not seen since 2011 Just 1 Question: Hoopeston's retiring superintendent This day in history, June 8, 2017 Area history, June 8, 2017 Street closures listing Four years in prison for Campustown kicker The Health Reporter Is In: June 7, 2017 3 juveniles charged with shooting at Chicago cops More Local News Most Viewed News UPDATE: 24-year-old man killed in Champaign shooting Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Change is coming at Illini Union Two more charged in Danville stabbing death Mahomet man charged in dog's death in late 2015 Most Commented News Inside the UI's commencement pitch to Obama Congressional seat: Ammons still gauging support Tom's #Mailbag, June 2, 2017 Illini Inn building set to come down over summer Street closures listing Trending Now UPDATE: Coaching staff key in landing Eboigbodin Doggone it: Georgetown's mail delivery in peril Inside the UI's commencement pitch to Obama Champaign man who ran from cops charged after crack cocaine found 2017 city salaries: Champaign Mahomet man charged in dog's death in late 2015 Change is coming at Illini Union Life Remembered: Central senior's death hits students, faculty hard Reluctant hero who helped save drowning boy to be honored Illini offer 2019 in-state wing Lovie: 'You don't get out of a family' Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Sign in Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainment Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Thursday, June 8, 2017 Sign in / Join Archives About Ghana Forums Contact Us Radio Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainment Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Home Science Technology Apple’s 8 biggest announcements during 2017 WWDC Science Technology Apple’s 8 biggest announcements during 2017 WWDC Jun 6, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet Apple’s WWDC 2017 keynote just wrapped, where key executives Craig Federighi, Phil Schiller, and, of course, Tim Cook, took the stage to announce updates headed to iPhones, MacBooks, Apple TV, and more. The rumors for this year’s WWDC came in the final hours leading up to the event, with hints of new hardware and, of course, software news for developers to help prep the release of consumer updates in the fall. We were also anticipating the company to finally take Siri up against the likes of Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant on the hardware and smart home front — and it looks like it arrived in the form of the Apple HomePod. Here are the highlights from today’s keynote. HomePod speaker So let’s get the Siri speaker rumors out of the way: it turns out Apple wasn’t quite aiming its smart speaker to go against just Amazon Echo and Google Home, but also the Sonos home entertainment speakers. Called the HomePod, it uses spacial awareness to tune and better fill the room with sound based on the space it’s in. It also has a “Musicologist” feature that works with Apple Music to stream the music you ask the speaker’s built-in Siri to play. You can even ask more complex, music-related questions like “Who’s the drummer in this song?” or “What album came out on this day 20 years ago?” Apple priced the HomePod at $349 The HomePod will be available in two colors — black or white — and will integrate Siri in an Amazon Echo / Google Home-like use case. You can ask it to control smart home devices and check the day’s weather and news briefings. Apple priced the HomePod at $349, with plans to ship it in December first to customers in the US, UK, and Australia. It will enter more international markets next year. Check out our hands-on with the HomePod for a first look. iMac Pro, alongside updated desktop specs Apple’s introducing updated iMac desktops with improved Retina displays, graphics boosts, Kaby Lake processors, and USB-C. They will also support graphics for VR content creation. During the keynote, Apple demoed this by showing off a VR game featuring Darth Vader, a lightsaber, and TIE fighter. There’s a new iMac Pro as well, with a 5K display with improved cooling capacity, and 8-core Xeon processor (upgradeable up to 18-core,) up to 4TB of SSD, up to 128GB of ECC memory, four Thunderbolt 3 ports, and built-in 10GB Ethernet.           The new iMac starts at $1,099 for the 21.5-inch model, and $1,299 for the 4K model. MacBooks will get upgraded, too; the MacBook Pro starting at $1,299, which includes the updated Kaby Lake processor. The iMac Pro starts at $4,999, and ships in December. iOS 11 comes with improved Siri, automatic Do Not Disturb driving mode, iMessage features The new version of iOS software has some pretty social updates, such as an update to Siri that has improved speech, the ability to help translate sentences into different languages, and on-device learnings that suggest actions based on what you do on your iPhone or iPad. iMessages now live in the iCloud, with synchronized conversations that you can delete from any device you own that are under the same account. You can also pay and receive payments from contacts through iMessage — so no more Venmo or Square Cash if you don’t want to download extra apps.  Siri now has improved speech Photo capture is also improved, with better low-light performance, and the ability to edit Live Photos so you can change the key still image or trim the video. There’s a new control center as well, which relies a lot on 3D Touch and condenses most controls on the lower half of the screen without looking cluttered. There’s also a new safety feature that recognizes when a user is driving and automatically turns on Do Not Disturb to prevent distractions. When you’re available to be more social, you can now head to Apple Music to see what your friends are listening to and check out shared playlists. Lastly, the App Store has been redesigned for better discovery and a How To section for tips on how to use various popular apps. Apple’s also bringing back the “App of the Day” section to promote users to open the App Store more frequently. iOS 11 for iPad brings Windows-esque multitasking abilities On the iPad, iOS 11 improves multitasking that lets users pull up an app from the dock and drag it onto the screen to split the screen. Similar to what you can do on a MacBook, you can use touch to hold and drag folders, files, or photos and drop them in a different app such as Mail or iMessage. Handwritten text from an Apple Pencil will also be searchable from the Notes app. Apple claims it uses “deep learning” to recognize penmanship. Apple also talked briefly about the Files app that leaked a few hours before the keynote kicked off, which is just a management system that you can use to sort files by size and date, similar to how you’d go through your files on a desktop or laptop. Apple lets developers make more immersive apps with ARKit             Just as Lauren Goode predicted, Apple introduced a new ARKit to let developers build augmented reality apps for the iPhone. The kit can help find planes, track motion, and estimate scale and ambient lighting. Popular apps like Pokémon Go will also use ARKit for improved real-time renders. Rather than requiring external hardware like Microsoft’s HoloLens, Apple seems to be betting on ARKit to provide impressive quality imaging through a device most people already own. We’ll know more on how the quality actually compares when we get to try it out ourselves. 10.5-inch iPad Pro introduced The iPad Pro will now be available in three different sizes, with a new 10.5-inch model introduced today. There’s a 12-megapixel camera, just like the iPhone 7, with a 7MP selfie cam. It supports USB 3.0 and has 10 hours of battery life. There’s a new feature called ProMotion which reduces the Apple Pencil’s latency to 20 milliseconds. It can automatically adjust the refresh rate based on what you’re watching (fast-moving video versus still image). ProMotion also doubles the refresh rate to up to 120Hz. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro will be available starting with a 64GB configuration at $649; it’s available to order now and shipping next week. The new macOS is named High Sierra. Yep. The upcoming version of macOS will be called High Sierra, and it comes with updates to Safari that help block site trackers and autoplaying videos. Apple’s also added new photo-editing tools like curves (helpful for those who don’t have Adobe Photoshop), and it has better filtering tools to sort images by keywords or faces. An updated file management system will be a part of the update as well, which speeds up directory cloning with native encryption. On the graphics end, there’s a second version of Metal, support for VR, and a Metal 2 developer kit that you can order with an AMD GPU to tune apps for external graphics. WatchOS 4 brings new Siri watchface, fitness coaching, and a new app-browsing UI An update for the Apple Watch is coming which introduces new faces that display different types of informations, such as Siri reminders or more visual ones that feature Toy Story characters a la Mickey Mouse. There’s also a fitness-focused update, which includes monthly challenges to encourage the wearer to get more active and NFC-enabled data sharing where the user can tap their Apple Watch on gym equipment to pair the two, sharing the most accurate calorie burn and activity information. There’s also a new Music app to make finding and playing music via the Apple Watch more visual — you can now use a new dock layout to scroll through recently opened apps. TAGS Craig Federighi Phil Schiller Tim Cook SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleBola Ray presents himself to the world this August Next articleChina marks National Eyecare Day Admin RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR MainOne Cable leading the digital data charge in West Africa ISYX joins IFS Partner Network in Middle East & Africa FinTech and Banks: Should we say there is Competition or rather a Collaboration? Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. Thank you for subscribing. Something went wrong. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Recent Posts Young Achievers Summit slated for June 17 48Megawatt Winneba Wind project wins US$7 from Access First Bank records a little above 100k in growth of its Heritage Fund MainOne Cable leading the digital data charge in West Africa BECE: 32 candidates in Kwahu West fail to write BREAKING NEWS DPRK test-fires “multiple” missiles – military French police shoot hammer attacker at Notre Dame Borussia Dortmund announce Peter Bosz as new manager Arsenal signs Sead Kolasinac on two-year deal Follow us on Instagram @newsghana ABOUT USNews Ghana is Ghana’s leading online news publication for business executives in West Africa and around the continent. Tel: +233 244244807 Contact us: newsghana101@gmail.com FOLLOW US Home Advertising About Us About Ghana Contact Us Partners Privacy & Cookies © 2012-2017 News Ghana Edit with Live CSS Save Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete.
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Business Comment Londoner's Diary Election 2017 Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine The Agenda Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury Food Month Sign in Register Benefits User policies News London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport The FA Cup Final Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out London Food Month Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating The Agenda Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: News Politics Londoners wanting to leave Tory Party dwarf those seeking to join, suggests Google search data Rashid Razaq Tuesday 6 June 2017 13:40 BST Click to follow The Evening Standard Findings: Internet users also often search 'How tall is Theresa May?' AFP/Getty Images Twice as many Londoners have searched online on how to leave the Conservative Party than join it in since the general election was called, according to new research. The data from Google Trends shows the reverse was the true for Labour, but not by as big a margin. More people also searched on how to join the Liberal Democrats and Greens than those looking to leave. The only party that mirrored the Tory trend in the capital was Ukip. While Google does not provide absolute figures of the number of searches the internet giant handles 85 per cent of all search engine traffic in the UK. Read more Tory candidate's amazing 'Alan Partidge' election video goes viral Tory poll lead slashed by 16 points as 'election race on a knife edge' Evening Standard hustings goes ahead in run-up to General Election The data covers the period between April 18 when the election was called and May 31 and shows that outside of the capital more people were looking to join the Conservatives than leave. Labour was the most searched for political party in London at 46 per cent, followed by the Lib Dems on 20 per cent, Conservatives on 14 per cent and Ukip on 9 per cent. The most asked question on Google about the Conservative leader was “How old is Theresa May?” Others in the top five include “How tall is Theresa May?” And “Why has Theresa May called an election?” The top question about the Labour leader was “Is Jeremy Corbyn married?” Aside from his age, Londoners wanted to know “Who is Jeremy Corbyn?” And “Will Corbyn resign?” General Election 2017 Campaign - In pictures 43 show all General Election 2017 Campaign - In pictures 1/43 Jeremy Corbyn joins leaders for the BBC's Election Debate Stefan Rousseau/PA 2/43 Prime Minister Theresa May samples cheese at the Royal Bath and West Show in Shepton Mallet Leon Neal/Pool/Reuters 3/43 First Minister Nicola Sturgeon during the launch of the SNP General Election manifesto at Perth Concert Hall Jane Barlow/PA 4/43 Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg at the launch in central London of a Liberal Democrats campaign poster attacking the Conservatives' school meals policy Victoria Jones/PA 5/43 Jeremy Corbyn appears on The One Show BBC 6/43 Liberal Democrats leader Tim Farron and the party's local candidate Sir Simon Hughes are given a baking lesson at Comptoir Gourmand, an artisan bakery in Bermondsey, London Gareth Fuller/PA 7/43 Prime Minister Theresa May answers questions from the studio audience during a joint Channel 4 and Sky News general election programme recorded at Sky studios Stefan Rousseau/PA 8/43 Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn is interviewed by Jeremy Paxman during a joint Channel 4 and Sky News general election programme 'May v Corbyn Live: The Battle for Number 10' at Sky studios Stefan Rousseau/WPA Pool/Getty Images 9/43 Home Secretary Amber Rudd (left) and Shadow Home Secretary Diane Abbott appearing on the BBC One current affairs programme, The Andrew Marr Show. PRESS ASSOCIATION Photo. Picture date: Sunday May 28, 2017. Abbott has said she no longer opposed the security services as she insisted her time as a graduate civil servant would prepare her for becoming home secretary Jeff Overs/BBC/PA 10/43 A new poster by the Green Party featuring pictures of the Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary either side US Preseident Donald J Trump Green Party/PA 11/43 Conservative party leader Theresa May during the Welsh Conservative manifesto launch at Gresford Memorial Hall, Gresford, Wrexham Stefan Rousseau/PA 12/43 Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn with former Labour deputy prime minister John Prescott during General Election campaigning in Hull Chris Radburn/PA 13/43 A man is arrested after protesting against fox hunting as Theresa May arrives at the Welsh Conservative manifesto launch at Gresford Memorial Hall, Gresford, Wrexham Stefan Rousseau/PA 14/43 Green Party co-leaders Caroline Lucas and Jonathan Bartley launch the Green Party's 'Green Guarantee' of key priorities for the party at a general election campaign event in London AFP/Getty Images 15/43 Julie Etchingham presents the ITV Leaders' Debate, a live two-hour debate with Caroline Lucas, Tim Farron, Leanne Wood, Paul Nuttall, Nicola Sturgeon ITV/PA 16/43 Conservative party leader Theresa May during her party's general election manifesto launch in Halifax Danny Lawson/PA 17/43 Demonstrations take place before the arrival of Prime Minister Theresa May as she launches the Conservative Party Election Manifesto in Halifax Getty Images 18/43 Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond listens as Britain's Prime Minister Theresa May speaks during an election campaign event in east London Ben Stansall/AFP/Getty Images 19/43 Labour Party Leader Jeremy Corbyn launches the party‚'s manifesto at the University of Bradford, in Bradford Nigel Roddis/EPA 20/43 Prime Minister Theresa May meets Cathy Mohan at Abingdon market in Oxfordshire during an General Election campaign visit Stefan Rousseau/PA 21/43 Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron leaves the Royal College of Nursing conference at Liverpool Arena and Convention Centre following a General Election campaign visit Gareth Fuller/PA 22/43 Screengrab taken from Facebook Live broadcast, hosted by ITV News of Prime Minister Theresa May answering questions sent in by users of the social media website, with presenter Robert Peston ITV News 23/43 Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn speaking about national security and foreign policy at Chatham House in Londo David Mirzeoff/PA 24/43 Jeremy Corbyn the leader of Britain's opposition Labour Party holds one year old Angelo during a campaign event in Harlow, Essex Neil Hall/Reuters 25/43 Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn reads with children as he visits Brentry Children Centre in Bristol on 21 April 2017 during Labour's election campaign. Steve Parsons/PA 26/43 Jeremy Corbyn looks around as he arrives at Savoy Place. His vehicle hit BBC Cameraman Giles Wooltorton on the way into the garage entrance Neil P. Mockford/Getty Images 27/43 British Trade Union leader Len McCluskey falls on the steps outside the Clause 5 Labour meeting to finalise the Labour manifesto in Londo Andy Rain/EPA 28/43 Pro-EU campaigner Gina Miller breaks down after receiving an ovation from the crowd during her speech at the Convention on Brexit in central London Andy Rain/EPA 29/43 The Liberal Democrat party campaign bus is unveiled at an event at the Harts Boatyard on 01 May 2017 in Surbiton Leon Neal/Getty Images 30/43 Co-Leader of the Green Party, Caroline Lucas, speaks during the launch of the Green Party Brexit policy at the Space Studio in London Stefan Rousseau/PA 31/43 The Liberal Democrat party leader Tim Farron listens to a speech during an event at the Harts Boatyard on May 1, 2017 in Surbiton Leon Neal/Getty Images 32/43 Anti-racism protesters speak to the media after being removed ahead of UKIP Leader Paul Nuttall's speech Jack Taylor/Getty Images 33/43 UKIP Leader Paul Nuttall gestures as he makes a speech as the party launch their general election campaign at the Marriott County Hall Hotel on 28 April 2017 in London Jack Taylor/Getty Images 34/43 Britain's opposition Labour party Leader Jeremy Corbyn walks past a bus shelter with Alan Whitehead, Labour MP for Southampton, and local councillor Satvir Kaur (right), before meeting local residents Adrian Dennis/AFP/Getty Images 35/43 Shadow home secretary Diane Abbott Diane leaving Four Millbank in Westminster, London, following her stumbling explanation of how the party would fund its plans for 10,000 extra police in an interview that left her struggling to do the sums live on air. Victoria Jones/PA 36/43 Philip Hammond and David Davis at a General Election campaign event in Central London Jeremy Selwyn 37/43 Pensioner Malcolm Baker confronts Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron while he was the election campaign trail in Kidlington, near Oxford Sam Lister/PA 38/43 Prime Minister Theresa May eats chips as she meets with residents in Mevagissey, south-west England Dylan Martinez/AFP/Getty Images 39/43 Conservative party handout of Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn on a new poster, warning that families face a tax and debt bombshell under Jeremy Corbyn's leadership Conservative Party/PA 40/43 Nick Clegg delivers a campaign speech on the European Union at the National Liberal Club in London Stefan Rousseau/PA 41/43 Ukip leader Paul Nuttall (left) eats grapes during a walkabout in Dudley town centre in the West Midlands, with Ukip West Midlands MEP Bill Etheridge (right) and Phil Durnell, West Midlands Metro Mayor candidate Richard Vernalls/PA 42/43 Former Labour Party leader Ed Miliband retweeted a photo of him mowing a lawn whilst canvassing in his Doncaster North constituency Jane Nightingale 43/43 Prime Minister Theresa May makes a statement on 18 April calling for a general election Dan Kitwood/Getty Images The top five questions about the Lib Dem leader included “Is Tim Farron homophobic?” And “Why was Tim Farron asked if being gay is a sin?” The most searched for political issues in the capital were in declining order Brexit, NHS, housing, immigration and mental health. More about: General Election 2017 News: UK Polls, Candidates and Odds Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site
