make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Joel Lee Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Joe Keeley Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 5 Better Alternatives to Pocket That Bookmark Anything for Later Internet Browsers 5 Better Alternatives to Pocket That Bookmark Anything for Later Mihir Patkar April 15, 2017 15-04-2017 4 minutes 5 Better Alternatives to Pocket That Bookmark Anything for Later Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Pocket has long held the crown of being the internet’s best digital bookmarking service Pocket - The Ultimate Digital Bookmarking Service Pocket - The Ultimate Digital Bookmarking Service As Bakari previously reported, the well loved Read It Later - which enabled users to save articles to read later from a bookmarklet or various apps it was integrated with - was discontinued and replaced... Read More . But is it time to scrap it in favor of something else? Long-time Pocket users are familiar with the problem of an abundance of unread bookmarks. You have to rely on tricks to get through your Pocket queue 9 Ways to Get More Out of Pocket 9 Ways to Get More Out of Pocket Pocket is the ultimate digital bookmarking service out there. Let's find out how to boost your Pocket experience with the right web apps and extensions. Read More . And let’s not forget, Pocket started as “Read It Later”, its focus being on reading articles. That’s not what bookmarks on the internet are solely about any more. A few new apps seek to solve other bookmarking needs. Videos, for instance, or the ability to add notes to your bookmarks. Or turning your entire browser into a perennial bookmark engine. 1. Vookmark (Android, iOS, Chrome, Safari, Apple TV): “Watch It Later” for Videos Vookmark is, in essence, Pocket for Videos. When you come across a video on the web and want to save it to watch later, just “vookmark” it. You can then see the videos on Apple TV, Android, or iOS devices. Install the extension in Safari or Chrome (or Chromium-based browsers like Opera How to Install Google Chrome Extensions in Opera Browser How to Install Google Chrome Extensions in Opera Browser Opera is making a case for you to switch to it. There's one small problem: extensions. What if you could install Chrome extensions in Opera? It's easy, so here's a quick guide. Read More ). The Vookmark bookmarklet will be neatly embedded in supported sites like YouTube, Facebook, Vimeo, DailyMotion, and Reddit. Click the bookmarklet and the video is automatically added to your list. The only thing I found weird is that Vookmark doesn’t let you view videos later on desktops. It needs you to fire up your iOS or Android gizmo. Tad annoying, that. Download — Vookmark for Android, ffor iOS, for Chrome, for Safari, and for Apple TV (Free) 2. EmailThis.me (Web): Send Articles to Your Inbox, Cleaned Up for Reading One of the features people love about Pocket is how it cleans up web pages for an optimum reading experience. EmailThis.Me brings that to your inbox, no apps required. Sign up for the service, then use it to share any article to your inbox. EmailThis will strip unnecessary elements like ads, comments, and social sharing buttons, and send the article to your inbox using the lightweight bookmarklet Extensions vs Bookmarklets: The Shocking Truth About the State of Your Browser Extensions vs Bookmarklets: The Shocking Truth About the State of Your Browser One of the little known factors affecting browser speed is those third-party extensions you install. But uninstalling them doesn't mean getting rid of your favorite app. All you need are bookmarklets. Read More . And soon, your inbox becomes your read-it-later service. The big advantage of this is that the article is saved in your inbox now, so even if the site deletes the original, you still have it with you. It avoids the pain you feel when you add links to Pocket only to find them dead later. 3. Booky.io (Web, Chrome): A Dashboard of Bookmarks There are some bookmarks you visit more often than others. While I’m personally partial to using the bookmarks bar on my browser, others prefer their bookmarks in the Speed Dials on a new tab The Idiot's Guide To Adding Website Bookmarks On Your Google Chrome New Tab Page The Idiot's Guide To Adding Website Bookmarks On Your Google Chrome New Tab Page For the past couple of years now, I have more or less been exclusively using Google Chrome as my day-to-day work browser. It is simply one of the best products that Google has ever produced.... Read More . Booky can be your personal new tab page, and you can use it on any browser in the world. It has a unique interface based around dashboards. For example, you can make Dashboard #1 your “Work Dashboard”. Add categories, and links within those categories, related to your work requirements, such as emails, Slack, the company’s internal pages, and so on. And then Dashboard #2 can be your “Social Dashboard”, with links for social networking sites, messaging apps, your personal email, and so on. In short, Booky is a neat bookmark system for those who like to keep links organized. Add color coordination as well as a simple bookmarklet, and you have a winner on your hands. Download — Booky for Chrome (Free) 4. Save To Google (Web, Chrome): Google’s Bookmarking App, With Notes Did you know Google has its own bookmarking service? I used to love the goo.gl bookmark and link shortener for Android URL Shortener Is The Swiss Knife Of Link Sharing And Saving On Android URL Shortener Is The Swiss Knife Of Link Sharing And Saving On Android What sets URL Shortener apart is how easy it makes it for you to save links, copy them to a clipboard, or share them directly from a menu. Read More , but that stopped a while ago. The new version, though, is even better. Adding a link is as simple as clicking the “Save to Google” extension on any web page. But Google goes the extra distance by letting you add notes. Every bookmark automatically grabs the first few lines of the page, but you can edit that to turn it into your own notes. So when you revisit the bookmark days later, you no longer have to remember why you saved that link. Your notes will have it. To view all your bookmarks, go to Google.com/Save from your desktop or mobile browser. That is, if you can trust Google with more of your data. Download — Save to Google for Chrome (Free) 5. WorldBrain (Chrome): When History Becomes Bookmarks You know what I hate about bookmarks? That often, I forget to actually save a link. And yes, my browser history has those links, but finding them is like looking for a needle in a haystack. I’ll only remember some words from the link, but not the site I read it or anything else. How do I find it? Enter WorldBrain. This smart extension is a full-text search for your browser’s history as well as bookmarks. It’s kind of like doing a Google search among the links you have visited, to find exactly the page you are looking for. It’s still in beta, so there are a few bugs, but it works pretty well so far in Chrome. Unlike other extensions though, it didn’t work on Chromium-based browsers like Opera. In a nutshell, WorldBrain wants to end your habit of adding bookmarks by searching your entire history 3 Applications To View Your Entire Internet History In One Place [Windows] 3 Applications To View Your Entire Internet History In One Place [Windows] I've run into a bit of a problem lately. I've started using one browser for basic purposes, then another for everything Flash-based (such as games). Flash just feels faster in one browser, without heavy add-ons... Read More . Everything you visit is a bookmark in itself. Cool, eh? Download — WorldBrain for Chrome (Free) Is Your Pocket Queue Too Big to Handle? Pocket users, doth thy cup runneth over? Is the queue of bookmarks getting too large to handle? Is there value in switching to something else to rid yourself of the overwhelming backlog? Previous Post17 Easy Home Repair Tips You Can Learn From YouTube Anytime 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Mihir Patkar 793 articles Mihir Patkar is a freelance writer on technology and life hacks, who firmly believes chocolate is the answer to any question. You can usually find him saying other such silly things on Twitter. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About What’s the Best Chromebook for Performance in 2017? Buying Guides What’s the Best Chromebook for Performance in 2017? Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update… Advertisement Related Articles The 10 Most Practical Productivity Blogs of 2017 Productivity The 10 Most Practical Productivity Blogs of 2017 5 Evil Alarm Clock Apps Guaranteed to Get You Out of Bed Internet Android 5 Evil Alarm Clock Apps Guaranteed to Get You Out of Bed You vs. Animals: Compare Strength, Speed, Size, and More Internet You vs. Animals: Compare Strength, Speed, Size, and More Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Paul Quinn Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 70 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares144 Editorials Google Home The Amazon Echo was my pacifier as I waited for Google’s entry into the home assistant space. Setting my Google Play Music library aside, I suffered through using Amazon’s attempt at a music service devoid of most of my own library. I connected my Google Calendar to Alexa and it offered a glimpse into my future relationship with Google’s assistant. Finally, in early November, I could get my hands on a new Google Home. I had pre-ordered from Google and then discovered I could pick one up at my local Best Buy. The very morning it hit the shelves, I immediately bought one. I brought it home, set it up in the family room and eagerly asked – “OK Google, play my morning hits playlist.” Without skipping a beat, she announced the list and the room filled with my music. The key point here – it was music from MY library. I didn’t cancel that Google pre-order. It was on its way. I figured I could listen to music in my bedroom as well. But – what about the other rooms in my house? What about the smart lights, smart switches, clever irrigation controller, and intelligent thermostat scattered throughout? I need a Google Home in every room to live the dream of a voice controlled home! I bought four more. My home is outfitted with six Google Home devices. There’s one in every room. I can control my smart home with my voice from anywhere I stand. I can spread music into any room. I can turn on, dim, and turn off lights in various rooms with just my voice. It’s as close as I can get to living on the Enterprise. Google's vision of the future with Google Home. Well, one Home. That’s the dream. Unfortunately, it isn’t a reality (yet). Google has failed at a key feature that it so proudly spoke of that morning in May. The nice lady living inside each Home is often unable to tell if you are talking to her or her sister in the neighboring room. It can result in some frustrating, sometimes comical, exchanges. It is amazing how well the little air freshener shaped unit can hear you from several rooms away. With multiple Homes, you’ll find yourself making requests and getting responses from two of them. It usually involves one of them, not necessarily the one closest to you, executing the request and the other apologizing to you that it can’t. From my bedroom in the morning, I might ask how long it will take to get to work and hear the detailed response in the distance from the kitchen. There will be times when the Home in front of me fulfills my request and another will rattle off from down the hall. You also have the ghosts. I never thought my home might be haunted - until now. There will be times when I turn off the TV, hang up on a call, or just walk out of the bathroom and hear something in another room. I’ll find a Google Home playing music or a podcast that I don’t listen to in a randomly selected room. Who asked to listen to opera at low volume in the guest room? Ghosts. There isn’t a constant circus of home assistants chiming in from all over the house. The closest Home does respond properly more than half of the time. However, I have found myself at times leaning over and almost whispering to a Google Home when I want to be sure the others don’t hear. There is talk of multiuser support coming soon, but it remains to be seen if this will improve its ability to identify which Home I am talking to. For now, I must look like a fool. I am whispering to an air freshener because I don’t want the others to hear. Creepy? Maybe. Tags editorial google home google home app google home fail video subscribe ... Previous Story Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues ... Next Story Some Pixel and Nexus fingerprint sensors not working after Android 7.1.2 update Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments David Ruddock Paul already has one small post up on AP, but this is his real "introduction" post. When Paul pitched this to us, I knew I wanted to see it on AP, it's just such a funny, kind of ridiculous situation he describes. Say hi to Paul, everyone. OligarchyAmbulance Hi to Paul, everyone. Steve Wright Surely, you must be joking. Zomby2D No, he's OligarchyAmbulance Suicide_Note Don't call him Shirley. Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,........ Carson Saldanha Hi David Sean Thomas Hey Paul next time you're buying expensive accessories for every room in your house can you just throw me a hundo instead? Thanks! Sean Thomas Seems like something I would say. Paul Quinn I asked my office Home to get on that. The one in the kitchen responded. She can't do it but she's learning. Christopher Young I can completely sympathize with you. I have two Google Homes in my small apartment (living room/bedroom), and they frequently get confused where I'm at. I want to play music in the bedroom? Nope, the cozy jazz station starts blaring in the living room. There is one awesome benefit of having two Google Homes: I can fill my entire apartment with music with only a few words. dcdttu I hope Google Home gets a lot of support from Google itself and doesn't turn out to be a Hangouts. Or a Wave. Or a Nexus Player. Or a Nexus Q. Or a Google Reader. Or a tablet of any kind. Oh and hi Paul! Paul Quinn HI! Yeah, I'm worried that they will jump ship because they can't figure out a way to monetize it. No ads. If it starts playing ads, Home is moving out. The Echo doesn't really have a monetization angle except that you can shop on Amazon. Google added Google Express to the Home. But really? I'm not shopping on one of these things (yet). Lateef Alabi-Oki I thought the monetization was making money off selling the hardware. Paul Quinn They also need to keep expanding the ecosystem and product functionality which takes work that costs money. I don't know if that one time purchase price covers all that in the long run. Lord Argyris I think what Google is banking on is that if a user has one or more Homes, it makes them that much more likely to stick with the Android ecosystem in general, which means all Google's already existing means of getting money are a bit more secure from such a user switching over to the big "A". Of course it remains to be seen whether or not this is effective. Dk Schlösser The monetization is in the services offered by Google Paul Quinn I don't know what service I access through the Home makes Google any money, short of using it to buy things on Google Express. It does produce a little more profiling information but I doubt that it's enough to pay for the ongoing development. Ryan I think its all about search and locking you into their services, just like the chromecast. Because of chromecast (and now google home) I am more locked into Google Music. I am more locked into Youtube, Play Movies, searching on Google, etc. Just like Android. The specific device/service doesnt have to make money, its a "loss leader" to drive you to their other, profitable services. A very common thing in almost any consumer industry. fluffthebunny The monetization is off selling all the data gleaned by your six devices listening to your every word. You have become one with the Home. You have been assimilated. skitchbeatz I've got an open concept, one in the kitchen and one in the living room. They fight over responding and sometimes both respond. It's frustrating. I've thought about moving one of them up or down a floor. It's half implemented. It doesn't make sense because the assistant on the phone will sometimes read "answering on another device. Artem Russakovskii I have 4 Google Homes (2 in nearby areas where they can both hear me at the same time - kitchen and living room), 2 Alexas (though both Alexas can't hear me at the same time), and I can confirm - combined with multiple phones on family members, it's a mess. Let alone Home kicks in and starts talking once a day or so when not asked (doesn't happen nearly as often with Alexa). LithiumFox Never had that happen with ours... givitumibeybi 4 google homes and 2 alexas?? Artem, I think you might have some issues. Artem Russakovskii No, I just have more than one room. Dk Schlösser Change the trigger word for your Alexas Nick After my experiences with Amazon Echo, I have felt that these type of products are not ready for prime time. It's a cool concept, but these little, quirky issues that pop up with these "Home Assistants" suggest otherwise. Perhaps I'm more security minded than other people, but these sort of IoT products are ripe for security issues as well and the combination of these things has me totally turned off to the current market. Tony T. If you have multiple Homes, can you ask Google to play music and have all of them play the same music in sync? Defenestratus yes. Ed G You can have all of them play music like a Sonos. Also will link with Chromecast Audio. trickytree1984 Will it link to chrome cast proper? Joshua Pritt no, you can't group Chromecast video devices, only audio. Paul Quinn Yes, you can create groups. For example, I have a group named "Front of the house" that connects three of them. You're best bet is to name them things that roll of the tongue like, "Hey Google, play my 90's hits playlist on the front of the house." Defenestratus I've got three homes, and I don't have this issue at all. Of course they're all on different floors and I live in a rather open-floor plan home so there's that. I've never had it come on as a ghost... ever. Chris You spent over 800 on google homes?!?! Omg man what kinda bank you making. That is insanity. Or no savings? I mean a financially responsible person cannot spend that much unless their income is huge haha. Defenestratus Yesterday I spent $1000 on a shower fixture (Moen U) David Ruddock OMG YOU ACTUALLY BOUGHT ONE OF THOSE? Defenestratus My wife saw it on "I want that" on DIY network and, well, yeah. We're about to start a master suite renovation so it was the perfect opportunity. For her, the hardest part of the day is getting up out of bed and waiting for the shower to heat up, getting cold in the process (she could get cold in the middle of equatorial guinea and we live in the North East US) so when she saw that she could turn the shower on from bed and it would alert her when it was ready for her, it was a done deal. I'm actually thinking of making a google assistant handler for it when it shows up. Chris Damn dude! How much do you make?? I see all these cool things and want them but I decide my money is better sitting in my savings account or the stock market. Defenestratus I specialize in software that is used for pharmaceutical research and clinical trials. I make a good living. Oh and my wife's a doctor. Chris Ah definitely. That's awesome dude. I work at a vaccine start up so hopefully we'll get a product past the FDA then I can buy 1k showers ;) Defenestratus Very cool. My company does a lot of work on vaccine studies. Best of luck. You have a long 12-14 years of approval process ahead of you! goodnightmare "Ok Moen...." Doesn't have quite the same ring to it. Paul Quinn The timing was right. I got three of them for $100 apiece using Visa Checkout and some helpful friends. Chris That's good dude. I haven't been able to convince myself to get one yet. I don't listen to music at home and not really sure what else I'd use it for. I did get a nest recently but still I don't mind pulling out my phone to change the temp. Paul Quinn I have an Ecobee now. My Nest kept thinking I was away because I didn't walk down that hallway enough. The Ecobee has remote sensors. Unfortunately, the Home currently does not have a direct integration with Home. I'm using IFTTT. Lawstorant Is it that hard to check which Home is the closest, based on the loudness of one's speech? Paul Quinn It might be that Google focused on their ability to hear your voice based on having one Home. If you have one, you want it to be able to hear you from a distance. That will backfire when you introduce more of them. They are all listening too well. Mace Moneta It could probably be resolved easily, by having the Google Homes reduce sensitivity of the mic, based upon the number of Google Home's on the network. Paul Quinn I had two Echos when they announced improved far-field functionality. I tested it at the time and it was working better. I didn't do any long term testing because I switched to the Home. With that in mind, Amazon was able to improve the situation with a software update so I agree that Google should have fixed this by now. Lawstorant Well, it's still Google. They have the money and the manpower to overcome such "hurdles". Why is it that more often than not, they seem like a small start-up composed of fresh out-of -college programmers. Nigel Antonio lol I thought I was the only one with that problem... Jesse Corbett So I have 2, one that covers the bedroom/bathroom half of my apartment and on that covers the kitchen/dining/living room section. I have never had an issue with both responding, if I may share my anecdote. However, I frequently am sitting 10 feet from the living room Home and hear my bedroom Home respond, despite being further away, in another room, down a hallway, with the first between me and it. I don't understand. Michael Stiffler Haha, I've had to whisper to my phone if I don't want her (Home) to hear! Aleem Kanji I think it's time to admit that Google is really screwing the pooch here. Nexus hardware failures, Pixel issues, Google Homes not living up to the hype, constant beta-feel to their products... I have a Nexus 6P, two Google Homes, and I'm all-in on Google services, but... for fuck's sake, I'm thinking of jumping ship entirely. Even Android news sites are seeming to be whole-heartedly disappointed with Google and the growing lack of positivity is disheartening. Google either needs to put up and get their shit together with product polish and following through on promises (or not promising the moon to begin with) or they shut the hell up and we all buy iPhones and call it a day. Paul Quinn My thoughts are not really heading down that road. The Home does a lot of things right. It's core features, music and access to Google's massive database of information, are working. Light control works well. There are some very useful IFTTT integrations. The Echo had its issues when it came out and it has grown up. I'm not ready to give up on the Home. I see it slowly improving. I don't miss any Echo features. My 6P was a good experience overall but ultimately, yeah, it failed me in terms of the camera. My new Mate 9 has an absolutely amazing camera. I have no experience with the Pixel though. The general consensus is that the Pixel is amazing. I'm looking forward to the next one. Leoniv Same here. I'm all in with Google tech and have been with them since 2.3, but lately they've been a hot mess. They broke the dialer on multiple phones, hosed bluetooth so it disconnected randomly, and that doesn't even include the issues with the nexus and pixel phones. I hate to admit it, but the iPhones are looking more attractive. Jack Smith Really? Google home is not even 6 months old. GH is easily the most humanist technology that you can buy It is incredible what can do but not perfect and yet it is over? Little dramatic? Where are you going to get anything close? I have had the Echo since the very first day. It is NOT like the GH. Comparisons are ridiculous. Echo has commands and the GH you talk We are so.early with this and obviously the relatively minor issues in the scheme of things will get resolved. I have one echo and counting GHs that I gave away I have purchased 7. Not to say I dislike my Echo but it is not the future, IMO, like the GH. Aleem Kanji I'm TOTALLY being dramatic, actually. I love my Google Home. I love my Nexus. I also tried an iPhone for the first time late last year (iOS 10 got my attention) and I love it too. My tenure with my iPhone was about 4 months, and, like clockwork, I'd always put my SIM back in my N6P every Wednesday night until Saturday, then switch back to my iPhone (which is a bitch with iMessage, BTDub). The iPhone IS more polished, has better power and battery management, but isn't exciting to me the way Android is. I could never give it up. It's like a drug. But, like a drug, I'm hopelessly addicted to something that promises the highest of highs, then always leaves me chasing the dragon. Google promises the world, then has a tendency to either fall short or simple pulls the rug out. In a world where the Pixel exists and it commands iPhone and Galaxy level money, in a world where Google is trying it's hand at a software AND hardware ecosystem, I expect more. I expect polish, I expect promises to be kept - or at least reasonable expectations to be given. Now, people can come back and say that Google is new at hardware and I understand and forgive that. But they aren't a hardware company in the way that they take responsibility for their products 100%, in that they quality test, in that they have any sort of retail presence that goes beyond simply "trying" something out. They have time to build that, so I'll admit that I need to give them time to sort it out. I'm just worried that they'll get complacent or lose interest and one morning wake up and say "Oh yeah, that Android thing and all that hardware and stuff - I'm over it." If Google is going to change direction and add hardware to their list of products, I expect that they keep in mind that it also means that we - not our data - become customers too. 2×4 alexa does this same thing compuguy1088 That's not true. A software update allows for multiple amazon echo devices with the same hotword to work. They've had this since around the end of last year. 2×4 that's my point - it doesnt work well Midnitte "You also have the ghosts. I never thought my home might be haunted - until now. There will be times when I turn off the TV, hang up on a call, or just walk out of the bathroom and hear something in another room. I’ll find a Google Home playing music or a podcast that I don’t listen to in a randomly selected room. Who asked to listen to opera at low volume in the guest room? Ghosts." I have two and I've grouped them in a "home unit" and I've never experienced this. Typically I'll play music on one but sometimes I'll tell it to play music on both and I've never experienced it playing music on a rogue Home goodnightmare Nor have I. kalehv This is a constant struggle. I have two Google Homes and a bunch of phones / tablets that also respond to "Ok Google" I usually use "Hey Google" to avoid waking up phones and tablets but there is no other way round like when I want to be reminded of something, there is no command that only capable devices (phones and tablets) would listen and not the Home. Home wins over taking control and apologizes for not being able to set reminders and actual capable devices say "Answering on other device" :( thacounty I have mine in opposite corners of the house to prevent this. The real issue is that I'll talk quietly to my phone and it will still hear me. Then my Pixel says answering on another device, which is Home telling me she can't do that yet, while my Pixel could have handled it just fine. Gets frustrating, but my 2 year old son yelling at it to play Batman Play-Doh Eggs makes it worth double what I paid. JG Glad I'm not the only one with this problem. Right now I only have two Google Homes set up, one in my bedroom and the other in the living room. If I'm in the living room, even my normal speaking voice will almost certainly trigger both Home units to talk to me. Like Paul, I have to turn to the one in the living room and whisper in order to get only one. And that can be hard if the TV is blasting away to. Though for some reason when I'm in my bedroom, I usually only trigger the bedroom unit. It gets very annoying when the one I want to talk to tells me she can't help while the other rattles off some long winded multi-paragraph answer (especially when I just asked "what time is it"). Being in another room (and sharing the same voice as the one talking next to you) its often hard to understand what she's saying - and of course there's no "Hey Google, what did you just say?" command... I wanted to set up a third in the other bedroom. But until I'm sure I won't be getting three different responses to each query.... Amazon claims to have an algorithm to determine which of multiple Echo units should respond. I don't have multiple Echo units so I can't test the validity myself, but if they can figure it out... I'm sure Google, with their expertise in machine learning shouldn't have too much bother with it. goodnightmare Acoustics. :) illregal I've got 3 in pretty close proximity, and a 4th whenever lg decides to send those out. Only about 1 out of 10 requests gets answered by the one i wasn't intentionally talking to. 4Ui812 Hi Paul ? Paul Quinn Hi! Rasovan Mircea Google have to upgrade the sound waves and not allow them to travel more than one room.... Tired_Guy I have a Home, a Nexus 9, a Nexus 7 and a Pixel XL, so assistant works on all of them. If all are in my den charging, saying OK Google is like he described only a bit weirder, as I can say it specifically to my Pixel XL in my hand and the Nexus 9 answers, through it's cover. Multiple device synchronization is vital Packer Backer Another reason to allow users to set the hot word. "Hey Bub! Hey Betty! Hey Fumbduck!" would would activate three different devices. Dk Schlösser The solution is to be able to change the trigger word for each device. You can do this on Alexa. Paul Quinn Currently, only my Home responds to "Hey Google" so I use that to talk to the Home. my phones and tablets don't respond. That cuts down on the problem a bit as long as I don't want to use voice with my phone. If I say "OK Google" to my phone, the Home may also respond. A quick fix for now would be to have the option to set the Home NOT to respond to "OK Google" and only "Hey Google." Bill Riess Yeah I just recently discovered this issue when I moved from an echo and echo dot to 4 Google homes. For the most part they work pretty good but it's annoying when they pick up in the wrong room. Multiuser and Sonos integration would be great additions as well. goodnightmare I've had four of these in my home since day one. Yes, occasionally we'll get some random response from a distant device, but it doesn't affect performance. The requested task is completed properly 95% of the time and any hiccups have never been due to multiple devices trying to provide feedback. Our Google Home experience has been quite pleasant and loads of fun. DomBrady Same. I've got three. I have had one interference related issue. Charles222 Same with four here as well. I've had an interference problem with my kitchen & living room ones, but taking a few steps towards one or the other solves it. nerdshowandtell.com I also have 6 Google Homes and the issues described here I only had a month or so ago and they went away. Id also make sure you have solid wifi with no interference to eliminate any delay in the homes seeing each other. As for the random asking/talking, maybe have seen that 3 times since it came out. Definitely not in awhile. Brett Koger I also have several Google Home devices, I am not experiencing the issues you state. I even have two of them with in 20 feet (they are in different rooms) I will see both activate but only one will respond. I have only experienced what you are see a few times. It is not the norm. Paul Quinn I have noticed that situation where more than one activate but only two of them can actually be visualized at one time. To me, that's a good sign. It means they are hearing you but identifying which one should respond. Maxr1998 Hi Paul! Very entertaining and interesting article. I don't have a Google Home myself yet (not available in Germany, functionality in German is likely pretty limited (as seen in Assistant on phones), my Home Assistant setup isn't supported by Google Home/Google Assistant, and IFTTT is too slow (10 seconds+) atm), but the idea of having one is very intriguing for me :) Paul Quinn Hi Max! I guess one plus side of living in another country is that Google works out bugs in the United States before it expands across the globe. JD So it's not just me. Alexa is just that much better with its spatial recognition. It has a 100% hit rate on responding on the right unit. Sandeep Raghuraman One solution to your problem - setup mic + speakers in each room, and use one Google Home. That way, only one Google Home device will respond. Although, the next problem would be, how does Google Home decide which mic to listen through? Maybe a device that mixes all of those input streams from the different mics? Nick Riviera Try power cycling your units to keep them from talking over one another. sucatrops If you bought 6 Google Homes and didn't expect more than one to respond to you, you should shoot yourself. Ryan I dont see the need to have one in all 6 rooms of my home. Having one in the open air living/dining room and kitchen is plenty, it hears me from 40 feet no matter what. Then another in my bedroom. I dont think I need them in the guest rooms. Maybe one in the office, but that is all the way on the other side of the house from the bedroom. Maybe 6 is the overkill. Paul Quinn I have smart lighting in all the main rooms of the house. I wouldn't want any of us to be yelling from room to adjust lighting in another. I did put in remotes in the rooms as well because you should have another option besides voice. I think for most people, one or two is plenty. I'm really into smart home technology despite its incredibly fragmented implementation right now. I know my house is going beyond the norm. The fact that yours hear you from 40 feet away is what is causing the downfall in my house. Đức Thành 6 Google Homes? You're a crazy man. I like you. 6 is still nowhere near enough, though. Andrew Hartley It was clear Paul was a bit 'unusual' from the moment he mentioned the Enterprise. I've been teaching science using the latest technology for 30+ and my dream has always been to walk into my classroom in the morning and for a cute sounding female voice to welcome me from my computer with a good morning asking me what I would like to do today. Google home I found you at last 😉 That doesn't sound weird does it 😎 Paul Quinn Sounds fantastic! D.Smithee I like when you're home alone in a quiet house and this thing starts spouting gibberish with no warning. Paul Quinn Tonight.... one of the Homes (in the office) decided to "forget" the lights in the room. Just the lights in the room that it's in. It kept saying there were no lights set up for that room. The remote went dead too. It was darkness. But... it let me operate the lights from other Homes. No I'm starting to wonder if Google read this... and is toying with me. I got the remote back online. The Home is still protesting. Bill3 Hi Paul, not sure what's going on there. I have three Google Homes and have only had that happen once or twice. They'll often beep together, but only one will answer. It could be a problem with your WiFi network. Are they connected to different AP points? Paul Quinn Yes. Despite two of them being closer to another access point in my house, I've kept the Homes on the primary router which is able to deliver a strong enough signal throughout the house. I use an access point to guarantee a connection to the irrigation controller outside. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.437s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 13 Share on Facebook 39 Share on Twitter Total Shares104 Applications Google News Google Now on Tap was introduced alongside Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which used context on your screen to help you find information. Google Assistant replaced Now on Tap (for compatible devices), and carried over most of its functionality. Now Assistant is making it slightly more obvious that it can search your screen and take screenshots.    Left: Old design; Center, Right: New design Before, screen search results would appear below the main Assistant prompt after a few seconds, and the screenshot button was found below the screen search results. Buttons for screen search and taking a screenshot are now immediately visible when Assistant is opened. This is a minor improvement, but definitely a welcome one. The change appears to be part of a server-side update, so if you don't have it, you will soon. Thanks: Łukasz Tags assistant Google google now on tap now on tap Screen Search screenshot ui subscribe ... Previous Story Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger ... Next Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 Finally. The old swipe up barely even worked most of the time. I've been waiting for them to do something like this. Paul Smith Don't even have assistant yet... Nexus 5x 7.12 samiazza Same here, is there any way to get it without root? Suresh Aryal Change the phone language to US English, delete Google app data and you should be running Assistant after few setup screens or just wait for few hours. samiazza Thank you, it worked:-) belac77 that's so weird. I've had Assistant on my Moto G Play running Marshmallow from the second or third day the rollout began! Zahir_SMASH be glad you don't. Alex Dueppen Is it just me or did Assistant get rid of the OCR thing where you could select text on your screen? Bombaglad this was never a part of assistant, only now on tap Nicholas Matranga Nope, they removed it for some reason. That was one of the main things I used now on tap for. Corbin Davenport That feature was never ported to Assistant. Mohammad Fazal Love this Now on tap feature. And now its gone :/ Evgany Used it all the time. Bring it back. Ruel Johnson It's still there you highlight the text then once you open assistant you tap "What's on my screen" Rami Hmm, never knew that worked. Still doesn't help if the text is in an image or it is non selectable text. Steve Riendeau Awesome, thank you! XgudwilX Not the same. You could copy text from within any app, screen, photo, whatever. Even a photo you took of a food label, street sign, or hand written note. Many languages and fonts too. You'd just hit the little copy (👆🏿)icon and go to town. It was amazing. The Now On Tap reverse image search, from within the camera app was awesome too. Much faster than what the Assistant tries to do. It's usually hit or miss. Oh well, maybe this new change is Google making room to bring back the text select (👆🏿) icon! MayorMcCheese Main reason I removed Assistant David Hyman While not ideal and not always a option, you can select text and then trigger the assistant and it'll use that for search context. And there are other apps CTRL-F (I think) that does basically the same thing. So you can share the screenshot with CTRL-F and then copy the text form there kalehv Also I remember Google Now on Tap did screen search when Camera was open. Was helpful to read barcodes but now that's gone. I don't want to install another app just to read barcodes, or QR codes whatever. mjmdroid Got it and already used it more than 4 times today Nicholas Smith Is there any way to use google assistant to schedule calendar events from your text messages? That was a huge feature of on-tap and I don't get why it went away. SocialSupaCrew Yes it's still present with assistant :) Miles Reiter What kind of context were you using that feature in with Assistant? I was trying to get that to work the other day with a clearly spelled out date and time from an email, and it wasn't finding a thing on my screen. motoridersd Awesome! I hated scrolling down to get to the button, so I wasn't using this feature much. This is much better. Eddy Nelson Lopez They need to bring text selection back! Deeco I got a Screenshot of not having Google Assistant, shall I share? FU Google demarcmj no thank you abqnm Maybe someday they'll add a button to open the damn Google app from the assistant pop-up. If I can't talk to my phone, I want to still be able to search without having to go back to the homescreen and then into the Google app. Miles Reiter I'm thinking about writing some kind of case study around the rollout of Assistant and the pro's/con's compared to Now on Tap. What you mentioned is definitely a pain point in my own usage. I'm curious whether there's anything else (good or bad) that stands out to you about Assistant. Luke Taylor As a language learner, one of the big setbacks about GA is that I no longer have the ability to translate my screen or select specific text on my screen if the screen search doesn't pull up any results. I used those on a daily basis! Grey It's easy. You hit the Google icon next to the search, nothing happens, you fumble around, you tap the search box, you swipe up and down, you get very frustrated, and eventually it randomly closes on you when you try pressing the phone back button, so you press the "recent apps" button but it doesn't exist and you get even more frustrated so you tap the Home Screen Search Box and tap the Google icon and Google Now might load. See? Easy. LOL There are still things that Google Now does better then Assistant.....Very annoying Cory S Eh, I think Now did just about everything better than Assistant. aRvInD I want my Google Now onTap back? Is there any mod to get it? Zahir_SMASH Change your phone's language to US Virgin Islands English. You get Now On Tap back, and Google's voice responses get an Australian accent, which I think you can fix, but I find charming in its own way. titetanium Go to apkmirror and download Google App version 6.11.21 or earlier. You'll probably lose any recent data saved in the current version, but Now on Tap will be back. Don't upgrade the app afterwards. Profit. Zahir_SMASH That's a lot more trouble than just changing your language to another English option titetanium Perhaps, but you won't have to worry about getting Assistant going forward as long as you stay on the old version. How long before El Goog updates the other English language options to have Assistant? Miles Reiter What are some of those things that Now did better for you? To be clear I definitely agree, just looking for some things I might not have thought of for writing a case study on the subject! LOL To be honest I don't really use them often. But I really like how Google Now gives you this nice weather card with ton of info, there is no such a thing in Assistant. Also Google Now is able tell which song is playing, again it's missing from Assistant brownjames Text search from any screen. Selection of non selectable onscreen text. Language translation of non selectable text onscreen. Those are my favorite 3 features of Now on Tap that are not in Assistant. Luke Taylor Exactly the same as you. Text translation and selection was used daily by me. Hugely bummed that Assistant can't do it. Michel Sa I could do image searrch (searching by image) using Now on tap, Assistant can't Mohit Saini Will Moto X2 get google assistant? Or it's only available to 64bit devices like s7,nexus 6p...... Zahir_SMASH Pretty sure it is supposed to be rolling out to any device with Marshmallow and up. Corbin Davenport It's for any phone (not tablet) running 6.0 and up, and I think there's a minimum RAM requirement too. Zahir_SMASH Good to know, thanks blindexecutioner Still isn't as good as now on tap. Before when I'd use that on my home screen it would bring up a bunch of options like navigate to work or home. Now it just says there isn't anything. Margaritas Ante Porcos Bixby button is a good place for Google Assistant. diskostu I hate the Assistant, but I love Now On Tap. Is there any way to get Now On Tap back? ro.opa.eligible_device=false does not work anymore. Major Sceptic I liked on tap too , the assistant may be ok in some ways , but I find myself using the AI features less now than when I had on tap . Sometimes I wonder if having all the Wizz bang software that tries to make life easier by bombarding us with constantly​ with organisational​ suggestions that it may in fact be more like a nagging mother in-law . Or I'm just getting old and grumpy in my old age 😎 ? _jack_ You're not. Guilherme Pata Typing to the assistant as you do in Allo would be a real feature. This button doesn't do much when all you had to do before was swipe up... itsatrap It's not as good as Now on tap. demarcmj Didn't this happen like a month ago? https://www.google.com/search?q=google+assistant+%22What%27s+on+my+screen%22&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8 All the results are from around 3/15 (ish) Corbin Davenport It's been rolling out slowly. demarcmj Interesting. I figured the roll-out was about done since I have it and I never get anything early. Still, staged roll-out or not, I was surprised to see that you guys hadn't covered this already. Cakefish Still no assistant available in the UK on a non-Pixel device... hurry up Google. And bring YouTube Red over here while you're at it. Why is Google so lethargic with updates? freshprince_87 Never cared for the now on tap screenshot option. kalehv I also wish that Assistant could be dismissed by just swiping down. It shows up from bottom halfway to the top and it stretches to top when you pull it up only makes me think it could be pulled down to dismiss but .... Dan it does that if it's still on the bottom half of the screen. just tried it. kalehv Yeah but you pull it up to go all the way to top makes me think you can pull it down as well which doesn't work. Ishti Screen translation and text recognition scanning missing. Portzblitz Smart. Before, when you'd summon Assistant, whether you needed more info or not, Google would be processing at the bottom anyway even though few people ever actually swipe up for it; now, the button can be instantly available, but the processing will only happen for people who press it. Separates the task load. Michel Sa Where is the image search from Now on tap! Assistant is a step back. DC_Guy It's MUCH more useful this way. I take a lot of screenshots and i hated always having to scroll down to get to the share button. Sang Ngaihte No Assistant till now in India. Only Now on tap. Sibin C Baby I need the old text selection back....That's the only reason I'm still continuing in Google now Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 320 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 105 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Weekly Roundup: Sony Xperia XA1, Xiaomi Mi VR Play 2, Airtel Internet TV, Micromax Evok Note and more This week Sony launched the Xperia XA1 smartphone, Xiaomi introduced Mi VR Play 2, Airtel launched Internet TV, a hybrid DTH and Android TV box, Micromax launched two new mid-range Evok series smartphones, and more that happened this week in our weekly roundup. Sony Mobile this week launched Xperia XA1. It packs a 5-inch HD edge-to-edge display, is powered by an Octa-Core MediaTek Helio P20 processor, runs on Android 7.0 (Nougat), has a 23-megapixel rear camera with LED flash, Hybrid Auto-Focus and a 8-megapixel auto focus front-facing camera. It comes in White, Black and Pink colors in India, is priced at Rs. 19,990. Micromax this week launched Evok Power and Evok Note, two new smartphones in the Evok series. The Micromax Evok Power comes with a 5-inch 720p display, while the Evok Note comes with a 5.5-inch 1080p display. Both the phones pack a 4000mAh battery and VoLTE support. The Evok Note comes with a fingerprint sensor on the front and the Evok Power has a fingerprint sensor on the back. The Micromax Evok Power and Evok Note are priced at Rs. 6,999 and Rs. 9,499, respectively and is available exclusively on Flipkart. Airel Digital TV this week launched Internet TV, which is an Android TV box that is developed by LG that also offers 500 satellite TV channels. It comes pre-loaded with Netflix, YouTube, Google Play Music, Google Play Games, Airtel Movies and more apps. Since there is Google Play, you can install more apps and games. It is also compatible with Dolby Surround Sound Audio. It is available exclusively on Amazon.in in select cities and will be available via Airtel Digital TV touch points – retail stores,website, contact centers soon. Xiaomi this week introduced Mi VR Play 2 its second-generation VR (Virtual Reality) headset. This has outer covering made of light-weight and soft fabric so the whole headset weighs just 183 grams. It can fit phones from 4.7 to 5.7 inches in size, similar to the predecessor. It looks like Google Daydream View but it doesn’t come with a wireless remote. The Xiaomi Mi VR Play 2 comes in black color, is priced at 99 yuan (US$ 14.3 / Rs. 930 approx.) and will go on sale in China on April 19th. Coolpad this week launched 3GB RAM version of the Cool 1 phone, compared to 4GB RAM version. Other specifications are same, including a 5.5-inch 1080p display, Octa-Core Snapdragon 652 SoC, Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) and a 8-megapixel front-facing camera. It is priced at Rs. 10,999 and is available exclusively on Amazon.in. Acer launched Aspire VX 15, Predator 15 (G9-593), Predator  17 (G9-793) and Predator G1 Desktop in India exclusively for gamers. The Aspire VX 15 comes with enhanced cooling capabilities and NVIDIA GeForce GTX series 10 graphics card. Also, the Predator 15 (G9-593), 17 (G9-793) gets VR ready with NVIDIA Pascal graphics cards- GeForce GTX 1060 with 6GB VRAM. The Aspire VX 15 is available online on Flipkart and through Acer retail stores at a price of Rs. 87,999. The Predator G1 Desktop is available starting from Rs. 1,19,999. The Acer Predator 15 (G9-593), 17 (G9-793) is available starting from Rs. 1,59,999. Misfit this week introduced Flare, its latest budget fitness tracker, which is water resistant up to 50 meters. It automatically tracks steps taken, distance traveled, and calories burned. It can also track activities such as running, walking, yoga, swimming, soccer, basketball, tennis and more. It has a aluminum case, a capacitive touch sensor and a single LED light beneath a crystal face. Since this uses a replaceable coin cell, it lasts up to 4 months. The Misfit Flare is priced at $59.99 (Rs. 3880 approx.) and is currently available in the U.S. Nikon this week announced D7500 with DX-format 20.9-megapixel CMOS sensor, 4K UHD video recording and lighter, compact body. It has high-performance EXPEED 5 image-processing engine and has a native ISO range of 100 to 512001 that promises minimal noise in low-light scenarios. It also has built-in Bluetooth 4.1 and Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g. It starts at Rs. 96,950 (MRP) for body only and the D7500 with AF-S DX NIKKOR 18-105mm f/3.5-5.6G ED VR lens costs Rs. 1,15,450 (MRP). It will be available in India from June, 2017. ZOPO this week launched ZOPO Color X 5.5 that packs a 5.5-inch HD display, quad-core MediaTek MT6737, Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), fingerprint sensor embedded into the home button that lets you unlock the phone in just 0.3 seconds. It has a metal back and has “One Button Access” feature that allows you to control all the features with the touch of the home button. It comes in Charcoal Black, Royale Gold, Orchid Gold and Space Grey colors, is priced at Rs. 11,999 and will be available on all major offline retail showrooms from 20th April.   Author: Srivatsan Sridhar Srivatsan Sridhar is a Mobile Technology Enthusiast who is passionate about Mobile phones and Mobile apps. He is currently using the Motorola Moto G4 Plus. You can follow him on Twitter @ssrivatsan and on Google+ View all posts by Srivatsan Sridhar Author Srivatsan SridharPosted on April 15, 2017April 15, 2017Categories Roundup Post navigation Previous Previous post: Sony Xperia XZs Review Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Weekly Roundup: Sony Xperia XA1, Xiaomi Mi VR Play 2, Airtel Internet TV, Micromax Evok Note and more Sony Xperia XZs Review Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ launching in India on April 19 Instagram adds Selfie Stickers, Pinning for Stories which is now used by over 200 million people every day Xiaomi introduces Mi VR Play 2, Google launches Areo food delivery app in India and more – FoneArena Daily OnePlus 3 and 3T OxygenOS 4.1.3 update brings bug fixes, improves stability Google WebVR on Chrome now works with Google Cardboard Samsung’s Bixby Voice assistant on Galaxy S8, S8+ will not debut at global launch on April 21 Facebook Messenger gets Group Payments Google launches Areo food delivery and home services app in India CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews This Motorcycle Sold Me On Electric Dirt Bikes Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review Phone Reviews LG G6: The Gizmodo Review Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Fitbit Alta HR: The Gizmodo Review Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Gadgets Reviews Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show Qantas Wi-Fi: The Gizmodo Australia Review Riese & Mueller Charger GT E-Bike: Australian Review North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Gaming Reviews Allcade 64-Bit Retro Console: The Gizmodo Review The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Entertainment Reviews YouTube TV Isn't Perfect, But It's Very Promising The New Sonos Playbase Is Great, But Comes A Little Too Late Ghost In The Shell Delivers A Beautiful But Ultimately Empty Adaptation Of An Anime Classic How Good Are The 'Best' Star Wars Books, Really?  What On Earth Makes A $700 Router Worth It? YouTube TV Isn't Perfect, But It's Very Promising Inspirational Tech From The Sydney Home Show The New Sonos Playbase Is Great, But Comes A Little Too Late Smart Home & Gadgets This Nine-Minute Short Film Was Shot In A Single Take Using Just One Camera Drone Apple Is Buying All The Good Trees For Its New Campus, And The Tree People Are Fighting Back What Would The Cops Look Like If You Lived In A Futuristic Authoritarian Police State? Deals: These Bluetooth Speakers Kind Of Look Like Alien Tech Mobile Kids Who Use Touchscreen Devices Sleep Less At Night The Best Apps For Sending Money, From Least To Most Annoying This Guy Says He Built His Own iPhone From Scratch Using Spare Parts HP Seeks Hybrid Superiority With Elite X3 Car Tech Report: Uber Had Yet Another Secret Tracking Program Called 'Hell' 8-Year-Old Steals Car To Buy McDonald's After Learning To Drive On YouTube I Will Still Literally Eat The Sun If This Flying Car Is Released In 2017 This Poor Bastard Got Hit In The Face With A Drift Car's Wing Online Data Analyst Reveals The Secret To Highly Successful Reddit Comments How To Choose The Best VPN In Australia Three Charts On Australia's Growing Appetite For Fast Broadband How To Hide Online Better Than The Director Of The FBI Science & Health Saturn's Moon Enceladus Has The Basic Ingredients For Life Why Is Saturn Making So Much Pasta? Kids Who Use Touchscreen Devices Sleep Less At Night This Fitness Tracker Wants To Tell You How Stressed You Are About Not Being Fit Cameras Unable To Sell New Cameras, GoPro Wants To Buy Old Ones NYPD's Proposed Body Camera Policies Are A Disaster For Police Accountability Netgear's Arlo Pro Is Now A Two-Way Camera, Speaker And Siren Taser's Latest Body Cams Push Is Unregulated, Unprecedented And Disturbing Computing The Complete Guide To Cookies And All The Scary Stuff Websites Install On Your Computer Some Beautiful Nerd Built A Motorised, Rotating Monitor Stand To Save His Neck All The Coolest New Features In The Windows 10 Creators Update Inmates Stashed Two Homebrew Computers In Ohio Prison's Ceiling, Used Them To Do More Crimes Gaming Why Did Nintendo Just Kill One Of Its Coolest Products In Years? Microsoft Seems To Think An Awesome PC Gaming Feature Is Coming To TVs  Here's Another Scene From 'Uncharted: The Lost Legacy' (And A Release Date) This Leaked Trailer For Star Wars: Battlefront 2 Looks *Amazing* Entertainment If You See Just One Sun-Baked Apocalyptic Love Story (With Cannibals), Make It The Bad Batch Watch The Deep-Frozen, Scifi Crime Thriller Fortitude And Thank Us Later Everything The Last Jedi Trailer Reveals About The Future of Rey, Luke And The Star Wars Galaxy These The Last Jedi Set Pics From Director Rian Johnson Are Amazing Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment The Glorious First Trailer For Star Wars: The Last Jedi Is Here Deals: These Bluetooth Speakers Kind Of Look Like Alien Tech Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle This Leaked Trailer For Star Wars: Battlefront 2 Looks *Amazing* Data Analyst Reveals The Secret To Highly Successful Reddit Comments Bryan Menegus Apr 15, 2017, 2:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  bigquery data dataisbeautiful google max woolf reddit Share Crunching the numbers on the millions upon millions of Reddit comments just to crack the code on upvotes would be difficult work. Thankfully, two software engineers, a Google big data project, and some careful analysis have already done the heavy lifting, revealing the simple trick to getting the top comment in most threads: get there first. Jason Michael Baumgartner of Pushshift.io has been sporadically releasing databases of Reddit's trove of comments, and last November Max Woolf ran that mass of data through Google's BigQuery to answer a question that had been posited by another Redditor: What percentage of top comments are the first comment? The answer BigQuery spat back out was a sizable 17.24 per cent. Extend that range to the first five comments and it covers a whopping 56 per cent. It's perfectly intuitive: The first comments get a head start on gathering upvotes, and upvotes signal quality to people who don't have the time or patience to scroll farther into what are perceived as less valuable responses. Image: llewellynjean from r/dataisbeautiful, based on work by Max Woolf "Because first comments carry so much weight, it provides a bias toward power users who are on Reddit all the time," Woolf told Gizmodo over email. A recent update to his work by redditor llewellynjean "is the same and has the same percentage breakpoints," according to Woolf. Partly that's because a few more months of comments are a drop in the bucket for a dataset of this size, though Reddit also hasn't done any major overhaul of their comment sorting algorithm that we've been privy to. While Reddit prides itself on being highly democratic and community-driven, the numbers indicate that the success of comments isn't driven by their conversational value so much as by who had the time to camp out on a subreddit's new submissions and plant their flag first. "Dramatically increase the weighting of new comments such that they are more likely to be seen, even in megacrowded threads," is the solution Woolf suspects might unmire comments from favouring speed over quality, though he seemed sceptical a change would ever be implemented. "From Reddit's perspective, it's possible they may not want newer comments to have a chance to be seen," he wrote, "because proven-comments are safer and may drive more engagement." Woolf and llewellynjean's data only pulls from threads with at least 30 parent-level comments (those replying directly to the post), and doesn't factor in child-level comments (those replying to other commenters). Many subreddits also feature automated responses that post instantly and aren't heavily voted on, which might also skew the results somewhat. As a sober, non-exhaustive analysis though, it provides some insight into yet another way to game the Frontpage of the Internet for all the comment karma it's worth. [Max Woolf blog, r/dataisbeautiful] WATCH MORE: Tech News Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now How To Choose The Best VPN In Australia Campbell Simpson 14 Apr 2017 10:30 AM As of now, Australia's telecommunications service providers have to store your metadata -- records of your phone and internet activity, which can reveal a huge amount of detail -- for two years. Approved government agencies can access that data without a warrant. It's not private information, either. One way to circumvent Australia's draconian metadata retention scheme is to install and use a VPN on your phone and on your PC. Here's what a VPN is, what it does, and why -- and how -- you should get one. Why Did Nintendo Just Kill One Of Its Coolest Products In Years? Alex Cranz 15 Apr 2017 1:00 PM Remember guys, when you have a really cool product that everyone loves and that sells out immediately, the first order of business is to kill it and put it in the ground before people get too attached. This impossibly foolish logic seems to be guiding Nintendo, who will stop shipping the popular NES Classic. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: These Bluetooth Speakers Kind Of Look Like Alien Tech Deals: Kickstart Your Coding Career With This Java Training Bundle Deals: You Asked For It, So Here's A Dash Cam Deal Target Has Great Deals On Games And Consoles This Week Trending Articles 1 How To Choose The Best VPN In Australia 2 Why Did Nintendo Just Kill One Of Its Coolest Products In Years? 3 Everything The Last Jedi Trailer Reveals About The Future of Rey, Luke And The Star Wars Galaxy If You See Just One Sun-Baked Apocalyptic Love Story (With Cannibals), Make It The Bad Batch Watch The Deep-Frozen, Scifi Crime Thriller Fortitude And Thank Us Later Data Analyst Reveals The Secret To Highly Successful Reddit Comments Why Did Nintendo Just Kill One Of Its Coolest Products In Years? Podcast: The Voice Of Horizon Zero Dawn If You're Not Following Squirrel Girl On Twitter, You Are Not Living Your Best Life Nintendo Also Discontinues The Mini Famicom For Japan, But Only Temporarily  Recent Switch Game Has A Surprising Feature: Emojis Hoyts Needs To Lift Its Game If It Wants Our Money Use Your Facebook Habit As Inspiration To Read More Books Your Guide To All The Devastating Weapons You Hear About In The News How To Keep Your Diet Healthy This Easter Trump lawyers have a new argument to fight a lawsuit filed by protesters injured at a campaign rally 10 ways to set yourself up for success before 9 a.m. North Korea celebrated its founder's birthday with an extravagant military display I recently flew on an all-business-class airline I had never heard of, and it was one of the best travel experiences I've ever had © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Miracle Skin Cream Nets Biggest Deal in Shark Tank History Home | Newsfront Tags: google | searches | world war 3 Google Searches Spike for 'World War 3' (Photo by Jaap Arriens/NurPhoto via Getty Images) By Wanda Carruthers   |   Friday, 14 Apr 2017 11:12 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Google released data on Friday that showed a dramatic uptick in searches for "World War 3" during April, breaking records for the most-searched term since the company began recording search data in 2004, The Hill reported. Google Trends also reported that searches for "Trump War" hit its highest mark ever, and search terms "nuclear war" and "war" have also spiked. Foreign policy decisions of the administration of President Donald Trump have recently been at the forefront following a missile strike against Syria last week over Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's alleged use of chemical weapons against civilians. Then, a military buildup in the seas nearby North Korea edged closer to that country on Saturday as tensions escalated over their nuclear weapons program. And, on Thursday the U.S. launched the nation's largest bomb against Afghanistan targeting ISIS. Related Stories: North Korean Official: Ready for War If Trump Wants it China on US-North Korea Rift: 'Storm Clouds Gathering' © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront Google released data on Friday that showed a dramatic uptick in searches for "World War 3" during April, breaking records for the most-searched term since the company began recording search data in 2004, The Hill reported. google, searches, world war 3 135 Friday, 14 Apr 2017 11:12 PM 2017-12-14 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like British Analyst: For NKorea's Kim, Backing Down Would Be 'Unimaginable Humiliation' Friday, 14 Apr 2017 22:41 PM North Korean leader Kim Jong-un would "willingly" take his poverty-stricken nation to the "brink of war" with the United . . . NKorea Starts Celebrating Birthday of Country's Founder Friday, 14 Apr 2017 21:46 PM North Korea has started a massive parade in its capital city to mark the 105th birth anniversary of its founding father, . . . John Kelly: NKorea 'Kinetic Threat' Not Likely, But 'Cyber Threat' Is Friday, 14 Apr 2017 21:41 PM Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly said Friday that North Korea poses a cyber threat to the United States, but th . . . More Most Commented Trump: Hillary Was 'Guilty of Every Charge' Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 625 comments AY-MEN, Brother, stand up and testify! I think everyone with an IQ above... Is O'Reilly Going Off Fox? Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 517 comments Unnamed sources say that other unnamed sources may not be real unnamed... Russia, Iran Warn US: Cross 'Red Lines' Again, 'We Will Respond With Force' Sunday, 09 Apr 2017 | 628 comments Putin showing his true colors, when Assad get's slapped upside the head... Report: Mulvaney Will Inform Federal Agencies to Plan on Major Cuts Monday, 10 Apr 2017 | 512 comments It about time we started applying basic budgeting of the corporate world... Wash Post: FBI Had FISA Warrant to Monitor Trump Aide Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 487 comments Uh-oh....looks like Trump was right.....again!!! Susan? Oh Susan.....where... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 108 Plus 1 on G+ 218 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares391 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.647s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Paul Quinn Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 70 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares144 Editorials Google Home The Amazon Echo was my pacifier as I waited for Google’s entry into the home assistant space. Setting my Google Play Music library aside, I suffered through using Amazon’s attempt at a music service devoid of most of my own library. I connected my Google Calendar to Alexa and it offered a glimpse into my future relationship with Google’s assistant. Finally, in early November, I could get my hands on a new Google Home. I had pre-ordered from Google and then discovered I could pick one up at my local Best Buy. The very morning it hit the shelves, I immediately bought one. I brought it home, set it up in the family room and eagerly asked – “OK Google, play my morning hits playlist.” Without skipping a beat, she announced the list and the room filled with my music. The key point here – it was music from MY library. I didn’t cancel that Google pre-order. It was on its way. I figured I could listen to music in my bedroom as well. But – what about the other rooms in my house? What about the smart lights, smart switches, clever irrigation controller, and intelligent thermostat scattered throughout? I need a Google Home in every room to live the dream of a voice controlled home! I bought four more. My home is outfitted with six Google Home devices. There’s one in every room. I can control my smart home with my voice from anywhere I stand. I can spread music into any room. I can turn on, dim, and turn off lights in various rooms with just my voice. It’s as close as I can get to living on the Enterprise. Google's vision of the future with Google Home. Well, one Home. That’s the dream. Unfortunately, it isn’t a reality (yet). Google has failed at a key feature that it so proudly spoke of that morning in May. The nice lady living inside each Home is often unable to tell if you are talking to her or her sister in the neighboring room. It can result in some frustrating, sometimes comical, exchanges. It is amazing how well the little air freshener shaped unit can hear you from several rooms away. With multiple Homes, you’ll find yourself making requests and getting responses from two of them. It usually involves one of them, not necessarily the one closest to you, executing the request and the other apologizing to you that it can’t. From my bedroom in the morning, I might ask how long it will take to get to work and hear the detailed response in the distance from the kitchen. There will be times when the Home in front of me fulfills my request and another will rattle off from down the hall. You also have the ghosts. I never thought my home might be haunted - until now. There will be times when I turn off the TV, hang up on a call, or just walk out of the bathroom and hear something in another room. I’ll find a Google Home playing music or a podcast that I don’t listen to in a randomly selected room. Who asked to listen to opera at low volume in the guest room? Ghosts. There isn’t a constant circus of home assistants chiming in from all over the house. The closest Home does respond properly more than half of the time. However, I have found myself at times leaning over and almost whispering to a Google Home when I want to be sure the others don’t hear. There is talk of multiuser support coming soon, but it remains to be seen if this will improve its ability to identify which Home I am talking to. For now, I must look like a fool. I am whispering to an air freshener because I don’t want the others to hear. Creepy? Maybe. Tags editorial google home google home app google home fail video subscribe ... Previous Story Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues ... Next Story Some Pixel and Nexus fingerprint sensors not working after Android 7.1.2 update Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments David Ruddock Paul already has one small post up on AP, but this is his real "introduction" post. When Paul pitched this to us, I knew I wanted to see it on AP, it's just such a funny, kind of ridiculous situation he describes. Say hi to Paul, everyone. OligarchyAmbulance Hi to Paul, everyone. Steve Wright Surely, you must be joking. Zomby2D No, he's OligarchyAmbulance Suicide_Note Don't call him Shirley. Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,........ Carson Saldanha Hi David Sean Thomas Hey Paul next time you're buying expensive accessories for every room in your house can you just throw me a hundo instead? Thanks! Sean Thomas Seems like something I would say. Paul Quinn I asked my office Home to get on that. The one in the kitchen responded. She can't do it but she's learning. Christopher Young I can completely sympathize with you. I have two Google Homes in my small apartment (living room/bedroom), and they frequently get confused where I'm at. I want to play music in the bedroom? Nope, the cozy jazz station starts blaring in the living room. There is one awesome benefit of having two Google Homes: I can fill my entire apartment with music with only a few words. dcdttu I hope Google Home gets a lot of support from Google itself and doesn't turn out to be a Hangouts. Or a Wave. Or a Nexus Player. Or a Nexus Q. Or a Google Reader. Or a tablet of any kind. Oh and hi Paul! Paul Quinn HI! Yeah, I'm worried that they will jump ship because they can't figure out a way to monetize it. No ads. If it starts playing ads, Home is moving out. The Echo doesn't really have a monetization angle except that you can shop on Amazon. Google added Google Express to the Home. But really? I'm not shopping on one of these things (yet). Lateef Alabi-Oki I thought the monetization was making money off selling the hardware. Paul Quinn They also need to keep expanding the ecosystem and product functionality which takes work that costs money. I don't know if that one time purchase price covers all that in the long run. Lord Argyris I think what Google is banking on is that if a user has one or more Homes, it makes them that much more likely to stick with the Android ecosystem in general, which means all Google's already existing means of getting money are a bit more secure from such a user switching over to the big "A". Of course it remains to be seen whether or not this is effective. Dk Schlösser The monetization is in the services offered by Google Paul Quinn I don't know what service I access through the Home makes Google any money, short of using it to buy things on Google Express. It does produce a little more profiling information but I doubt that it's enough to pay for the ongoing development. Ryan I think its all about search and locking you into their services, just like the chromecast. Because of chromecast (and now google home) I am more locked into Google Music. I am more locked into Youtube, Play Movies, searching on Google, etc. Just like Android. The specific device/service doesnt have to make money, its a "loss leader" to drive you to their other, profitable services. A very common thing in almost any consumer industry. fluffthebunny The monetization is off selling all the data gleaned by your six devices listening to your every word. You have become one with the Home. You have been assimilated. skitchbeatz I've got an open concept, one in the kitchen and one in the living room. They fight over responding and sometimes both respond. It's frustrating. I've thought about moving one of them up or down a floor. It's half implemented. It doesn't make sense because the assistant on the phone will sometimes read "answering on another device. Artem Russakovskii I have 4 Google Homes (2 in nearby areas where they can both hear me at the same time - kitchen and living room), 2 Alexas (though both Alexas can't hear me at the same time), and I can confirm - combined with multiple phones on family members, it's a mess. Let alone Home kicks in and starts talking once a day or so when not asked (doesn't happen nearly as often with Alexa). LithiumFox Never had that happen with ours... givitumibeybi 4 google homes and 2 alexas?? Artem, I think you might have some issues. Artem Russakovskii No, I just have more than one room. Dk Schlösser Change the trigger word for your Alexas Nick After my experiences with Amazon Echo, I have felt that these type of products are not ready for prime time. It's a cool concept, but these little, quirky issues that pop up with these "Home Assistants" suggest otherwise. Perhaps I'm more security minded than other people, but these sort of IoT products are ripe for security issues as well and the combination of these things has me totally turned off to the current market. Tony T. If you have multiple Homes, can you ask Google to play music and have all of them play the same music in sync? Defenestratus yes. Ed G You can have all of them play music like a Sonos. Also will link with Chromecast Audio. trickytree1984 Will it link to chrome cast proper? Joshua Pritt no, you can't group Chromecast video devices, only audio. Paul Quinn Yes, you can create groups. For example, I have a group named "Front of the house" that connects three of them. You're best bet is to name them things that roll of the tongue like, "Hey Google, play my 90's hits playlist on the front of the house." Defenestratus I've got three homes, and I don't have this issue at all. Of course they're all on different floors and I live in a rather open-floor plan home so there's that. I've never had it come on as a ghost... ever. Chris You spent over 800 on google homes?!?! Omg man what kinda bank you making. That is insanity. Or no savings? I mean a financially responsible person cannot spend that much unless their income is huge haha. Defenestratus Yesterday I spent $1000 on a shower fixture (Moen U) David Ruddock OMG YOU ACTUALLY BOUGHT ONE OF THOSE? Defenestratus My wife saw it on "I want that" on DIY network and, well, yeah. We're about to start a master suite renovation so it was the perfect opportunity. For her, the hardest part of the day is getting up out of bed and waiting for the shower to heat up, getting cold in the process (she could get cold in the middle of equatorial guinea and we live in the North East US) so when she saw that she could turn the shower on from bed and it would alert her when it was ready for her, it was a done deal. I'm actually thinking of making a google assistant handler for it when it shows up. Chris Damn dude! How much do you make?? I see all these cool things and want them but I decide my money is better sitting in my savings account or the stock market. Defenestratus I specialize in software that is used for pharmaceutical research and clinical trials. I make a good living. Oh and my wife's a doctor. Chris Ah definitely. That's awesome dude. I work at a vaccine start up so hopefully we'll get a product past the FDA then I can buy 1k showers ;) Defenestratus Very cool. My company does a lot of work on vaccine studies. Best of luck. You have a long 12-14 years of approval process ahead of you! goodnightmare "Ok Moen...." Doesn't have quite the same ring to it. Paul Quinn The timing was right. I got three of them for $100 apiece using Visa Checkout and some helpful friends. Chris That's good dude. I haven't been able to convince myself to get one yet. I don't listen to music at home and not really sure what else I'd use it for. I did get a nest recently but still I don't mind pulling out my phone to change the temp. Paul Quinn I have an Ecobee now. My Nest kept thinking I was away because I didn't walk down that hallway enough. The Ecobee has remote sensors. Unfortunately, the Home currently does not have a direct integration with Home. I'm using IFTTT. Lawstorant Is it that hard to check which Home is the closest, based on the loudness of one's speech? Paul Quinn It might be that Google focused on their ability to hear your voice based on having one Home. If you have one, you want it to be able to hear you from a distance. That will backfire when you introduce more of them. They are all listening too well. Mace Moneta It could probably be resolved easily, by having the Google Homes reduce sensitivity of the mic, based upon the number of Google Home's on the network. Paul Quinn I had two Echos when they announced improved far-field functionality. I tested it at the time and it was working better. I didn't do any long term testing because I switched to the Home. With that in mind, Amazon was able to improve the situation with a software update so I agree that Google should have fixed this by now. Lawstorant Well, it's still Google. They have the money and the manpower to overcome such "hurdles". Why is it that more often than not, they seem like a small start-up composed of fresh out-of -college programmers. Nigel Antonio lol I thought I was the only one with that problem... Jesse Corbett So I have 2, one that covers the bedroom/bathroom half of my apartment and on that covers the kitchen/dining/living room section. I have never had an issue with both responding, if I may share my anecdote. However, I frequently am sitting 10 feet from the living room Home and hear my bedroom Home respond, despite being further away, in another room, down a hallway, with the first between me and it. I don't understand. Michael Stiffler Haha, I've had to whisper to my phone if I don't want her (Home) to hear! Aleem Kanji I think it's time to admit that Google is really screwing the pooch here. Nexus hardware failures, Pixel issues, Google Homes not living up to the hype, constant beta-feel to their products... I have a Nexus 6P, two Google Homes, and I'm all-in on Google services, but... for fuck's sake, I'm thinking of jumping ship entirely. Even Android news sites are seeming to be whole-heartedly disappointed with Google and the growing lack of positivity is disheartening. Google either needs to put up and get their shit together with product polish and following through on promises (or not promising the moon to begin with) or they shut the hell up and we all buy iPhones and call it a day. Paul Quinn My thoughts are not really heading down that road. The Home does a lot of things right. It's core features, music and access to Google's massive database of information, are working. Light control works well. There are some very useful IFTTT integrations. The Echo had its issues when it came out and it has grown up. I'm not ready to give up on the Home. I see it slowly improving. I don't miss any Echo features. My 6P was a good experience overall but ultimately, yeah, it failed me in terms of the camera. My new Mate 9 has an absolutely amazing camera. I have no experience with the Pixel though. The general consensus is that the Pixel is amazing. I'm looking forward to the next one. Leoniv Same here. I'm all in with Google tech and have been with them since 2.3, but lately they've been a hot mess. They broke the dialer on multiple phones, hosed bluetooth so it disconnected randomly, and that doesn't even include the issues with the nexus and pixel phones. I hate to admit it, but the iPhones are looking more attractive. Jack Smith Really? Google home is not even 6 months old. GH is easily the most humanist technology that you can buy It is incredible what can do but not perfect and yet it is over? Little dramatic? Where are you going to get anything close? I have had the Echo since the very first day. It is NOT like the GH. Comparisons are ridiculous. Echo has commands and the GH you talk We are so.early with this and obviously the relatively minor issues in the scheme of things will get resolved. I have one echo and counting GHs that I gave away I have purchased 7. Not to say I dislike my Echo but it is not the future, IMO, like the GH. Aleem Kanji I'm TOTALLY being dramatic, actually. I love my Google Home. I love my Nexus. I also tried an iPhone for the first time late last year (iOS 10 got my attention) and I love it too. My tenure with my iPhone was about 4 months, and, like clockwork, I'd always put my SIM back in my N6P every Wednesday night until Saturday, then switch back to my iPhone (which is a bitch with iMessage, BTDub). The iPhone IS more polished, has better power and battery management, but isn't exciting to me the way Android is. I could never give it up. It's like a drug. But, like a drug, I'm hopelessly addicted to something that promises the highest of highs, then always leaves me chasing the dragon. Google promises the world, then has a tendency to either fall short or simple pulls the rug out. In a world where the Pixel exists and it commands iPhone and Galaxy level money, in a world where Google is trying it's hand at a software AND hardware ecosystem, I expect more. I expect polish, I expect promises to be kept - or at least reasonable expectations to be given. Now, people can come back and say that Google is new at hardware and I understand and forgive that. But they aren't a hardware company in the way that they take responsibility for their products 100%, in that they quality test, in that they have any sort of retail presence that goes beyond simply "trying" something out. They have time to build that, so I'll admit that I need to give them time to sort it out. I'm just worried that they'll get complacent or lose interest and one morning wake up and say "Oh yeah, that Android thing and all that hardware and stuff - I'm over it." If Google is going to change direction and add hardware to their list of products, I expect that they keep in mind that it also means that we - not our data - become customers too. 2×4 alexa does this same thing compuguy1088 That's not true. A software update allows for multiple amazon echo devices with the same hotword to work. They've had this since around the end of last year. 2×4 that's my point - it doesnt work well Midnitte "You also have the ghosts. I never thought my home might be haunted - until now. There will be times when I turn off the TV, hang up on a call, or just walk out of the bathroom and hear something in another room. I’ll find a Google Home playing music or a podcast that I don’t listen to in a randomly selected room. Who asked to listen to opera at low volume in the guest room? Ghosts." I have two and I've grouped them in a "home unit" and I've never experienced this. Typically I'll play music on one but sometimes I'll tell it to play music on both and I've never experienced it playing music on a rogue Home goodnightmare Nor have I. kalehv This is a constant struggle. I have two Google Homes and a bunch of phones / tablets that also respond to "Ok Google" I usually use "Hey Google" to avoid waking up phones and tablets but there is no other way round like when I want to be reminded of something, there is no command that only capable devices (phones and tablets) would listen and not the Home. Home wins over taking control and apologizes for not being able to set reminders and actual capable devices say "Answering on other device" :( thacounty I have mine in opposite corners of the house to prevent this. The real issue is that I'll talk quietly to my phone and it will still hear me. Then my Pixel says answering on another device, which is Home telling me she can't do that yet, while my Pixel could have handled it just fine. Gets frustrating, but my 2 year old son yelling at it to play Batman Play-Doh Eggs makes it worth double what I paid. JG Glad I'm not the only one with this problem. Right now I only have two Google Homes set up, one in my bedroom and the other in the living room. If I'm in the living room, even my normal speaking voice will almost certainly trigger both Home units to talk to me. Like Paul, I have to turn to the one in the living room and whisper in order to get only one. And that can be hard if the TV is blasting away to. Though for some reason when I'm in my bedroom, I usually only trigger the bedroom unit. It gets very annoying when the one I want to talk to tells me she can't help while the other rattles off some long winded multi-paragraph answer (especially when I just asked "what time is it"). Being in another room (and sharing the same voice as the one talking next to you) its often hard to understand what she's saying - and of course there's no "Hey Google, what did you just say?" command... I wanted to set up a third in the other bedroom. But until I'm sure I won't be getting three different responses to each query.... Amazon claims to have an algorithm to determine which of multiple Echo units should respond. I don't have multiple Echo units so I can't test the validity myself, but if they can figure it out... I'm sure Google, with their expertise in machine learning shouldn't have too much bother with it. goodnightmare Acoustics. :) illregal I've got 3 in pretty close proximity, and a 4th whenever lg decides to send those out. Only about 1 out of 10 requests gets answered by the one i wasn't intentionally talking to. 4Ui812 Hi Paul ? Paul Quinn Hi! Rasovan Mircea Google have to upgrade the sound waves and not allow them to travel more than one room.... Tired_Guy I have a Home, a Nexus 9, a Nexus 7 and a Pixel XL, so assistant works on all of them. If all are in my den charging, saying OK Google is like he described only a bit weirder, as I can say it specifically to my Pixel XL in my hand and the Nexus 9 answers, through it's cover. Multiple device synchronization is vital Packer Backer Another reason to allow users to set the hot word. "Hey Bub! Hey Betty! Hey Fumbduck!" would would activate three different devices. Dk Schlösser The solution is to be able to change the trigger word for each device. You can do this on Alexa. Paul Quinn Currently, only my Home responds to "Hey Google" so I use that to talk to the Home. my phones and tablets don't respond. That cuts down on the problem a bit as long as I don't want to use voice with my phone. If I say "OK Google" to my phone, the Home may also respond. A quick fix for now would be to have the option to set the Home NOT to respond to "OK Google" and only "Hey Google." Bill Riess Yeah I just recently discovered this issue when I moved from an echo and echo dot to 4 Google homes. For the most part they work pretty good but it's annoying when they pick up in the wrong room. Multiuser and Sonos integration would be great additions as well. goodnightmare I've had four of these in my home since day one. Yes, occasionally we'll get some random response from a distant device, but it doesn't affect performance. The requested task is completed properly 95% of the time and any hiccups have never been due to multiple devices trying to provide feedback. Our Google Home experience has been quite pleasant and loads of fun. DomBrady Same. I've got three. I have had one interference related issue. Charles222 Same with four here as well. I've had an interference problem with my kitchen & living room ones, but taking a few steps towards one or the other solves it. nerdshowandtell.com I also have 6 Google Homes and the issues described here I only had a month or so ago and they went away. Id also make sure you have solid wifi with no interference to eliminate any delay in the homes seeing each other. As for the random asking/talking, maybe have seen that 3 times since it came out. Definitely not in awhile. Brett Koger I also have several Google Home devices, I am not experiencing the issues you state. I even have two of them with in 20 feet (they are in different rooms) I will see both activate but only one will respond. I have only experienced what you are see a few times. It is not the norm. Paul Quinn I have noticed that situation where more than one activate but only two of them can actually be visualized at one time. To me, that's a good sign. It means they are hearing you but identifying which one should respond. Maxr1998 Hi Paul! Very entertaining and interesting article. I don't have a Google Home myself yet (not available in Germany, functionality in German is likely pretty limited (as seen in Assistant on phones), my Home Assistant setup isn't supported by Google Home/Google Assistant, and IFTTT is too slow (10 seconds+) atm), but the idea of having one is very intriguing for me :) Paul Quinn Hi Max! I guess one plus side of living in another country is that Google works out bugs in the United States before it expands across the globe. JD So it's not just me. Alexa is just that much better with its spatial recognition. It has a 100% hit rate on responding on the right unit. Sandeep Raghuraman One solution to your problem - setup mic + speakers in each room, and use one Google Home. That way, only one Google Home device will respond. Although, the next problem would be, how does Google Home decide which mic to listen through? Maybe a device that mixes all of those input streams from the different mics? Nick Riviera Try power cycling your units to keep them from talking over one another. sucatrops If you bought 6 Google Homes and didn't expect more than one to respond to you, you should shoot yourself. Ryan I dont see the need to have one in all 6 rooms of my home. Having one in the open air living/dining room and kitchen is plenty, it hears me from 40 feet no matter what. Then another in my bedroom. I dont think I need them in the guest rooms. Maybe one in the office, but that is all the way on the other side of the house from the bedroom. Maybe 6 is the overkill. Paul Quinn I have smart lighting in all the main rooms of the house. I wouldn't want any of us to be yelling from room to adjust lighting in another. I did put in remotes in the rooms as well because you should have another option besides voice. I think for most people, one or two is plenty. I'm really into smart home technology despite its incredibly fragmented implementation right now. I know my house is going beyond the norm. The fact that yours hear you from 40 feet away is what is causing the downfall in my house. Đức Thành 6 Google Homes? You're a crazy man. I like you. 6 is still nowhere near enough, though. Andrew Hartley It was clear Paul was a bit 'unusual' from the moment he mentioned the Enterprise. I've been teaching science using the latest technology for 30+ and my dream has always been to walk into my classroom in the morning and for a cute sounding female voice to welcome me from my computer with a good morning asking me what I would like to do today. Google home I found you at last 😉 That doesn't sound weird does it 😎 Paul Quinn Sounds fantastic! D.Smithee I like when you're home alone in a quiet house and this thing starts spouting gibberish with no warning. Paul Quinn Tonight.... one of the Homes (in the office) decided to "forget" the lights in the room. Just the lights in the room that it's in. It kept saying there were no lights set up for that room. The remote went dead too. It was darkness. But... it let me operate the lights from other Homes. No I'm starting to wonder if Google read this... and is toying with me. I got the remote back online. The Home is still protesting. Bill3 Hi Paul, not sure what's going on there. I have three Google Homes and have only had that happen once or twice. They'll often beep together, but only one will answer. It could be a problem with your WiFi network. Are they connected to different AP points? Paul Quinn Yes. Despite two of them being closer to another access point in my house, I've kept the Homes on the primary router which is able to deliver a strong enough signal throughout the house. I use an access point to guarantee a connection to the irrigation controller outside. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.437s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Android 7.1.2 Update Breaking Fingerprint Sensors On Pixel/Nexus Devices By Tyler Lee on 04/14/2017 20:34 PDT If you own a Google Pixel phone or either the Nexus 5X or Nexus 6P and you receive a prompt asking you to update to the Android 7.1.2 update, maybe you should hold off on doing so. Why is this, you ask? This is because there have been several users who are reporting that the update is breaking the fingerprint sensors on their phones. This is according to a post on the Google Product Forums (via Android and Me) where some users are complaining about the issue. One user writes, “After updating I got the following message in red at the bottom of the screen when trying to unlock my phone with my fingerprint “Fingerprint hardware not available.” I tried rebooting and clearing my cache with no change. I thought if I deleted my fingerprints and re-added them it might help. Instead I just get the following error when trying to add a fingerprint: “Enrollment was not completed. Fingerprint enrollment didn’t work. Try again or use a different finger.”” The good news is based on the comments made by Orrin, the Pixel Community Manager, Google is aware of the problem and they are trying to gather as much information as possible in order to determine what might have caused the problem. So like we said, if you haven’t updated yet then maybe you want to hold off until the problem can be identified and resolved. In the meantime it does not seem to be affecting other handsets, so for now it looks like it might be a Pixel and Nexus problem although we can’t say for sure how widespread it is yet. Filed in Cellphones. Read more about Android, android 7.0 nougat, android updates, Google, Pixel and Security. Related Articles 2017-04-14 Next ‘Layton’ Game Will Be Arriving On iOS And Android This July 2017-04-13 Dropbox’s Document Scanner Finally Arrives On Android 2017-04-13 Latest WhatsApp Beta For Android Adds Shortcut For Text Formatting 2017-04-12 Huawei Reportedly Already Testing Android O For The Mate 9 2017-04-06 Latest Android Distribution Figures Shows Nougat At Nearly 5% 2017-03-15 Google Confirms Nexus 6 Android 7.0 Downgrade 2017-02-09 Android 7.0 Nougat Now Installed On 1.2% Of Android Devices 2017-01-11 Android 7.1.1 For Nexus 6 Causing Speakerphone Echo Google Exec: iPhone Crystallized Smartphone UI Design Teens Killed While Trying To Take A Selfie With A Plane Apple Sued For Apparently Crippling The iPhone 4S With iOS 9 Update North Korea’s Red Star OS Has Absolutely Zero Privacy Son Waits 8 Years To Pull Revenge Xbox Prank On His Dad GoPro Attached To A Cannonball Results In Pretty Interesting Footage User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
OUR METHODS OUR TECHNOLOGY OUR WORK CASE STUDIES TESTIMONIALS CLIENTS PARTNERS WHAT WE DO Search Engine Optimization Pay-Per-Click-PPC Display Advertising Social Media Marketing Conversion Rate Optimization Marketing Automation Content Marketing Analytics and Reporting Creative Development Email Marketing OUR THINKING BLOG EBOOKS ABOUT US CONTACT OUR METHODS OUR TECHNOLOGY OUR WORK CASE STUDIES TESTIMONIALS CLIENTS PARTNERS WHAT WE DO Search Engine Optimization Pay-Per-Click-PPC Display Advertising Social Media Marketing Conversion Rate Optimization Marketing Automation Content Marketing Analytics and Reporting Creative Development Email Marketing OUR THINKING BLOG EBOOKS ABOUT US CONTACT Get Found Using Google My Business Home/Local Search, SEO/Get Found Using Google My Business Get Found Using Google My Business The internet has changed the way people shop. People often start on the internet and then visit stores in person. Of the people who conduct local searches on their smartphones before buying something,  50% end up visiting a store within the day. 50% of local searchers end up visiting a store the same day Click To Tweet With so many motivated local buyers, it is important for businesses to increase their local visibility. They can do this with Google My Business. When used correctly, it can lead to a spike in visibility and click-through-rate. In fact, well-maintained listings get five times more views than unclaimed listings do. First, you need to learn how to get started with Google My Business. Then, you will be ready to build local citations and reach customers. Setting Up Your Listing When you start a new business website you will need to add a Google My Business listing in order to use this service. Begin by conducting a Google search for your business. Just go to the search engine and type the name of your business into the search box. Google My Business results display prominently at the right or top of the search results. If you see your business name in the map listings, it means that you already have a Google My Business listing. Click on the “Are You the Business Owner” link to claim the business. If you don’t see the “Are You the Business Owner” link or if your business doesn’t show up, you need to set everything up from scratch. This is very easy to do. Start by creating or signing into your Google account for your business. If you are creating a new account, you will probably want to keep this separate from your personal Google accounts. Visit google.com/business and select “Start Now”. Google will show a large map of your country with fields for you to complete. Enter your information and then go through the verification process. Make sure you enter your information accurately so there aren’t any issues with your listing. Be sure to note EXACTLY how you enter your information for future reference. Google will ask how you whether you would like to verify your listing by post, by phone, or if you would like to postpone verification. Select the method that is best for you and Google will send you a post card or contact you by phone to complete the verification process. Google will automatically set up a page for your business. Review the information in the top banner of the page and add details as needed. Be sure to include your website URL, as this will help you later. You can add quite a bit of information, including business hours, images, logo, and a virtual tour. Once your listing is confirmed, you can show up on Google Maps and in the search results. You can also edit your listing to modify your information as needed. Building Local Citations Once you've got your Google My Business listing up it's time to start building citations. A citation is a reference to your business name and address appears on a webpage. A link to your site isn’t necessary to get a citation. You just need the text to get credit for a citation. Citations are one of the main local organic factors search engines use when ranking websites, so it is important that you take the time to build them. Everything else being equal, the site with more citations will probably rank higher in the search engines. You’ll already have one citation when you create your Google My Business listing. You will use that as a springboard to create citations on other sites. There are LOTS of places to make a citation. Search Google for “citations list {your country}” and you'll find lots of ideas, like this list of 200 citation sources in the US. Common places to register your business (ie get a citation) include: Yellow pages Yelp Facebook Hotfrog and many, many more You need to remain consistent in regards to your name, address, and phone number (NAP) when creating citations. A minor change will throw the entire process off course. For instance, if you use an abbreviation on Google My Business and spell out the entire name on your website, you may not get credit for the citation. Look at your Google My Business listing and use it as your guide as you create citations across the web. You might need to make changes to other citations you have built, but that is okay. As long you remain consistent from this point forward, you can begin to harness the power of citations. This will help you move up in the search listings and reach more people. Google My Business is an excellent tool for reaching your customers. It’s also free, so there is no reason to wait any longer. Start by creating your Google My Business listing. Then, make your edits and build citations. It won’t be long before you are getting your fair share of online business. Hand-Picked Related Articles: Google My Business: A Guide to the Local Marketing Dashboard Google My Business Dashboard: 5 Messages that Need Attention How to Optimize Your On-Page Signals for Local SEO * Adapted lead image: Public Domain, pixabay.com via getstencil.com By Matthew Murray| 2017-03-27T10:27:45+00:00 April 12th, 2017|Local Search, SEO|0 Comments About the Author: Matthew Murray Matthew Murray is the Managing Director of Notable, a business solutions firm based in Singapore. Notable helps companies incorporate in Singapore and matches them with clients looking for their services. Notable Related Posts Leave A Comment Cancel reply Comment Categories Analytics & ROI Analysis (196) Company News (80) Content (1,071) Conversion Optimization (131) Display Advertising/RTB (29) Email Marketing (50) En Espangol (7) En Francais (22) Inbound Marketing (188) Lead Nurture & Marketing Automation (62) Local Search (153) Marketing (150) Mobile (69) Partnership Marketing (9) PPC (270) PR (84) SEO (1,966) Social Media Marketing (897) Web Design (320) Latest Posts Mobile Shopping Cart Optimization: Do’s & Don’ts Get Found Using Google My Business How To Design The Perfect Customer Journey For Successful eCommerce Conversion Rate Optimization How To Easily Find Traffic Smashing Topic Ideas How To Write Content For Uber-Niche Clients Recent Comments Ann Smarty on Site Speed: Ranking Factor or Not? Everything Googlers Ever Said about Site Speed Steven on Site Speed: Ranking Factor or Not? Everything Googlers Ever Said about Site Speed Nick Stamoulis on Site Speed: Ranking Factor or Not? Everything Googlers Ever Said about Site Speed Zain Ul Haq on Site Speed: Ranking Factor or Not? Everything Googlers Ever Said about Site Speed Adi on 7 Top Tips To Boost Your Social Media Traffic Learn more about SEP About Us Why Choose Us? The SEP Advantage Client Reviews and Testimonials Our Process Our Research PARTNERS In The News Contact Us MENU OUR METHODS OUR TECHNOLOGY OUR WORK WHAT WE DO TESTIMONIALS ABOUT US CAREERS THINKING DIGITAL BLOG Mobile Shopping Cart Optimization: Do’s & Don’ts Get Found Using Google My Business How To Design The Perfect Customer Journey For Successful eCommerce Conversion Rate Optimization How To Easily Find Traffic Smashing Topic Ideas How To Write Content For Uber-Niche Clients GIVE US A CALL 1.877.486.7875 GET SOCIAL Privacy Policy | Contact Us Copyright: Search Engine People Inc. – Canada’s Top Digital Agency FacebookTwitterPinterestGoogle+Linkedin More in Local Search, SEO How Voice Search Affects SEO Close
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, April 15, 2017 2:47 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Google launches Style Ideas, a new shopping tool Saturday April 15, 2017 11:08 AM GMT+8 ICYMI New Afghan claim of 90 with IS killed by ‘Mother of All Bombs’ When billionaires brawl: Soros in US$10b iron ore mine lawsuit The Edit: Apple allowed to test self-driving cars The Edit: Four Seasons to open in Tunisia Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Style Ideas is currently only available as a new feature in the Image Search in the Google app for Android and on mobile web. — Google screenshotNEW YORK, April 15 — Google has just announced an update to its Image Search app which enables you to see what a fashion item you’re interested in would look like worn on a model or blogger. The new Style Ideas feature could seem quite basic at first. But haven’t we all  all asked ourselves how a jacket or dress would sit on the waist or shoulders in real life, or wondered which pants would go with a pair of shoes we’re eyeing? The idea is simple: in addition to the standard retail photo of a fashion product, Google will show you other photos of the same item worn by one of the brand’s official models or a blogger, who has teamed it with other things. “With style ideas you can see real-life options of what bag and jeans look stellar with those red high heels you’ve been eyeing”, Google explained in a blog post. “Style Ideas” is currently only available in Image Search on mobile web and in the Google app for Android. — AFP-Relaxnews                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Apple gets permit in California to test self-driving cars Facebook disrupts suspected spam operation Google launches Style Ideas, a new shopping tool Nintendo to release mini-size Switch in 2019, Citigroup predicts NUS researchers invent way to ‘teleport’ drinks over the internet (VIDEO) Project Scorpio: Five consoles that won with less power, and one that didn't Artificial intelligence to put an end to failed selfies (VIDEO) That fingerprint sensor on your phone is not as safe as you think Student-designed rocket soars to record heights (VIDEO) Facebook looking at behaviour to weed out fake accounts Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner file for divorce Reuters Video: The fight for luxury comes to the New York auto show Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Google adds ‘fact check’ to global search results (VIDEO) Waze and Spotify’s duet means musical commuting Google vows fix for ‘inappropriate’ search results End of the road for CyanogenMod, an alternative smartphone operating system Facebook is still the biggest drain on your smartphone battery, study finds Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 108 Plus 1 on G+ 218 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares391 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.647s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 125k 87k 202k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact The Mini-Mate Huawei P10 review - - - Android 7.1.2 breaks fingerprint some Pixel and Nexus devices Post your comment Comments (11) Ricky 15 April 2017 LG Huawei HTC Google Firmware updates Another Android update, another broken feature. Google is not having the best of luck with supporting its newest smartphones: the Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL. A new forum thread opened on Googles product forum just ten days ago on April 4. The thread has gained a small number of replies and feedback regarding a feature thats affecting what appears to be small batch of devices. The newest 7.1.2 update has broken the fingerprint scanner sensor and has been affecting Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Pixel, and Pixel XL devices. If you are experiencing this issue, you should head to the Pixel User Community thread and share your experience with the issue. The more information that Google can get from the community, the easier the issue will be to understand and the quicker the patch can be pushed to affected users. The Google Pixel has already had a few issues with software including: a glitchy Bluetooth radio, LTE-related problems, and a problem with the camera that causes the operating system to crash. Lets hope Google doesnt need to deal with these little issues on the next Pixel phones. Tell us, has the Android 7.1.2 update caused your fingerprint scanner to stop working? Let us know which model youre using as well. Source | Pixel Community Thread | Via Related articles Google fixes Bluetooth issue on Pixel devices There are some reports of Pixel users with LTE issues Pixel and Pixel XL plagued by microphone issues Huawei Nexus 6P starts getting Android 7.1.2 beta Reader comments ReliableX Lfsp 3 hours ago "Another Android update, another broken feature." Why am I not suprised.... It seems that Google is rushing the update (again). Reply Anonymous Yijx 3 hours ago Meh Reply Anonymous GRNM 3 hours ago As someone who never goes for "New software available? Update, quick!', I feel that my approach is vindicated Not sure why people run after software updates, especially these days when phone software (at least android) is so feature packed alrea... Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 11 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 111,111 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 63,021 3. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 61,712 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 57,322 5. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 49,501 6. OnePlus 5 46,032 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 44,982 8. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 39,649 9. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro 37,549 10. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 34,146 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,110 2. OnePlus 3 1,664 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,649 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,604 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,498 6. HTC 10 1,412 7. LG G5 1,205 8. Xiaomi Mi Mix 838 9. OnePlus 3T 780 10. LG V20 711 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Online Advertising * Total Front Page * Digital Marketing * More Tags... Industry News * Advertising * More Industries... News By Location * United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Sa Fr Th We Tu Mo Su 15 14 13 12 11 10 9 Online Advertising Total Front Page Total Front Page is marketing firm offering a unique and powerful online advertising tool that yields never before seen search results.     Online Advertising Total Front Page   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Online Advertising * Total Front Page * Digital Marketing Industry: * Advertising Location: * USApril 14, 2017 - PRLog -- Online Advertising Total Front Page Marketing and advertising your company effectively in the major search engines is a very important part of business growth and sustainability.  The challenge is that the "real-estate", the space, to market your company is limited. I'm talking about first page of Google and Bing, the top two search engines in terms of usage.  If you aren't, or can't efficiently market your business on this precious piece of "real-estate", you will miss out a potentially game-changing market share. Later in this article, we will show you how to get in front of every customer looking for you, even some that didn't know they were.  We will also show how to completely bypass your competition.  And we will show you how to completely dominate the traffic looking for your business product or service.  All of this while using white hat (http://www.webopedia.com/TERM/W/White_Hat_SEO.html) methods, online advertising Total Front Page is one-of-a-kind product and service Almost everyone understands that they need to be on the first page of the major search engines to be truly effective. The problem is that everyone else is trying to get there also.  If and when you finally get your company on the first page, you see that you are there with about nine or more other companies.  It's difficult to stand out. In today's fast moving world, everything changes and evolves often when it comes to advertising your business online.  The first step is knowing and understanding the playing field.  Google is now putting a lot of emphasis on how customers search for your company name.  It's all about what the user wants. Google ranks sites on what we can control, such as your website content, social media activity, etc., and also what we can't control, such as online user activity.  In Google's newest algorithm they put a lot of weight on user activity. They are trying to do a better job of providing the results customers want. An important note to that after the last Panda/Penguin update (Google's name for their algorithm changes), appears that Google favors the large sites like Amazon, Sears, Home Depot, etc.  The reason these major sites have moved up so aggressively in rankings is because of all the users searching for these company names included in the search, for instance, "plumbing materials home depot".  Because of the new updates, these types of searches allow for a huge ranking advantage when users search for a product and a company name in the search before they hit Search.  So, Google does not favor these company websites. It's because Google thinks that users favor these websites.    It is basically a situation where we asked for it, so we get it.  We keep putting company names in our searches, so search engines are ranking these companies higher in the results. In order to explode your online advertising, you first need to make sure that you have (1) a good website with good relevant content, (2) social media activity, (3) directory listings, and (4) some content on other sites that link back to your website, such as blogs where you answer questions from customers. At that point, you have the foundation to build your online advertising.  But, as we related, many other companies are doing the same thing.  So, how do you get yourself in front of the competition with your online advertising campaign? The way to be in front of every customer looking for your product or service is to be suggested by the major search engines.  About 71% of all users engage with what is called the auto-complete box. As we told you earlier in this article, we will show you how to get in front of your targeted consumer and dominate the traffic when you do.  Here's how - Online advertising Total Front Page (http://www.totalfrontpage.com/). Whenever a customer is typing in a search term looking for your product or service, you can be in front of every customer.  Every customer who types in the search box will have your name in front of them as a suggestion before they see any of your competition.  Consumers will click on your company and those that click on your name in the auto-suggestion box will see the first page of organic results that has only your company listed on the entire page.  You completely bypass your competition. To help you achieve your goal of dominating your marketplace with search box optimization online advertising Total Front Page is safe and results are guaranteed. We do not use any black hat methods. End Source : Total Front Page Email : ***@totalfrontpage.com Tags : Online Advertising, Total Front Page, Digital Marketing Industry : Advertising Location : United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Total Marketing News Gold Ridge Cabinets Sacramento Kitchen Cabinets Sacramento Gold Ridge Cabinets Hunter Douglas Sacramento Home Fashion Designs Shutters Sacramento Home Fashion Designs Window Coverings Sacramento Home Fashion Designs Trending TalentRaters Magazine to Expand Emerging Global Talent Network to Smart Televisions Data Startup Cinchapi Wins Atlanta Startup Battle Collaborative Technologies Announce Transonic Reaction Mill Availability An African Star is born -DJ Rachael is pioneering the entertainment industry Annette Rivers and Operation Heal hosts a City-Wide Call to Prayer Daily News PRISON B.R.E.A.K.-Building Relationships Empowerment and Knowledge Is Set To Change Lives Forever - 325 views NYC ACS Lawyer Announces Not Guilty Verdict in Manhattan Family Court - 305 views TalentRaters Magazine to Expand Emerging Global Talent Network to Smart Televisions - 280 views IMPRESS!® Dietary Supplement for Men Selects World's Most Expensive Ingredient – Taking Male Enhancement Upscale - 201 views LIFT OFF:Women Adding Greater Impact in The Space Industry - 174 views Weekly News NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 2079 views Civil Air Patrol Cadet Captain Joseph Waldron Appointed To U.S. Military Academy - 1116 views OneTraction Select Finalists for Artificial Intelligence Hackathon - 912 views California Hall of Fame Football Coach Larry Reisbig Passes Away - 831 views Steve Fryer, Former Disney Guest Services Exec, Named President of CX Opportunity - 686 views Daily News PRISON B.R.E.A.K.-Building Relationships Empowerment and Knowledge Is Set To Change Lives Forever - 325 views NYC ACS Lawyer Announces Not Guilty Verdict in Manhattan Family Court - 305 views TalentRaters Magazine to Expand Emerging Global Talent Network to Smart Televisions - 280 views IMPRESS!® Dietary Supplement for Men Selects World's Most Expensive Ingredient – Taking Male Enhancement Upscale - 201 views LIFT OFF:Women Adding Greater Impact in The Space Industry - 174 views Weekly News NBC's 'Superstore' Actor Dominic Pace Signs On To Civil War Era Feature Film - 2079 views Civil Air Patrol Cadet Captain Joseph Waldron Appointed To U.S. Military Academy - 1116 views OneTraction Select Finalists for Artificial Intelligence Hackathon - 912 views California Hall of Fame Football Coach Larry Reisbig Passes Away - 831 views Steve Fryer, Former Disney Guest Services Exec, Named President of CX Opportunity - 686 views PTC News Code Green Apparel Corp. Shareholder Update - 368 views Winning! Charlie Sheen To Make Wizard World Comic Con Debuts In Minneapolis, Des Moines, Phila - 206 views Lennar Offers New Next Gen® – The Home Within A Home® at Tehaleh - 192 views Lennar Bay Area Nominated for 12 Excellence in Home Building Awards - 134 views Visit The San Francisco Shipyard for Spring Open Studios and a Model Tour - 113 views Apr 14, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Megyn Kelly left Fox News in part due to O’Reilly: report News — 3h 59m ago Google searches spike for 'World War 3' amid heightened tensions abroad Blog Briefing Room — 4h 34m ago Report: GOP pressuring House rep to stay out of race against Heitkamp Senate — 5h 17m ago DHS head: North Korea more of a cyber threat Cybersecurity — 6h 7m ago Obama WH photographer mocks Trump for keeping visitor logs secret Blog Briefing Room — 6h 31m ago Trump, RNC fundraising tops $42M in 2017: report Administration — 6h 38m ago Secret Service has spent $35,000 on golf cart rentals since inauguration: report Blog Briefing Room — 6h 53m ago CENTCOM: Afghanistan bombing statements were 'inappropriate' Defense — 7h 17m ago view all   Google searches spike for 'World War 3' amid heightened tensions abroad By Brooke Seipel - 04/14/17 10:26 PM EDT 439   As tensions rise abroad, Google searches for "World War 3" are at an all-time high. New data provided by Google shows a surge in searches for "World War 3" this month, breaking a record for the most searches for the phrase since Google started keeping track in 2004. Searches for "Trump War" are also at their highest. According to Google Trends, searches have also spiked for "nuclear war" and "war" this month. ADVERTISEMENT The increase in searches follows a week of big foreign policy decisions by the Trump administration. Last Thursday Trump launched nearly 60 missiles at Syria in response to a chemical weapons attack. On Saturday, a Navy strike group was moved closer to North Korea. And this Thursday, Trump dropped the nation's largest non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan against ISIS. Also on Thursday, NBC reported that the U.S. os preparing for a preemptive strike against North Korea if officials believe Pyongyang is going to go through with a nuclear weapons test, although several reporters have said their sources disputed the story.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Megyn Kelly left Fox News in part... O'Reilly publicly criticized Kelly for discussing sexual harassment claims... 184 Shares 2 Stealth caucus gains ground in... In President Trump’s White House, it’s better to not be seen or heard — at... 168 Shares 3 Surprise! Now the establishment is... President Trump is suddenly winning positive reviews from a Washington... 156 Shares 4 FLASHBACK: Trump hammered Obama... A 2012 tweet by Donald Trump accusing then-President Barack Obama of... 143 Shares 5 Clinton campaign plagued by... The following is an excerpt adapted from “Shattered: Inside Hillary... 128 Shares 6 Battle intensifies between Trump’s... The battle between the CIA and WikiLeaks is intensifying.CIA Director Mike... 112 Shares 7 Nationwide marches set to protest... Tens of thousands of people are expected to attend rallies on Saturday... 85 Shares 8 Report: Body of country's first... The body of the United States’ first ever female Muslim judge was found... 79 Shares 9 US may launch strike if North... The U.S. is reportedly ready to launch a preemptive strike against North... 70 Shares 10 ACLU: Trump's refusal to release... The American Civil Liberties Union is denouncing President Trump's... 65 Shares 11 Sanders wins big with free public... While President Trump has as many changing positions  as an Octopus has... 64 Shares 12 Trump administration won't release... The Trump administration will not voluntarily disclose logs of visitors to... 55 Shares 13 North Korean official warns of... A top North Korean official is threatening a preemptive strike against the... 53 Shares 14 Secret Service has spent $35,000... The Secret Service has spent more than $35,000 on golf cart rentals at... 50 Shares 15 Japanese PM warns of possible... Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Thursday said that North Korea could... 48 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
15/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live Bulletin Weather All views World 14/04/2017 Wikileaks slammed by CIA Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Wikileaks walks like a hostile intelligence service and talks like a hostile intelligence service" Mike Pompeo CIA Director World 14/04/2017 "The development of Africa will be done only by Africans," Guinea's president states Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The development of Africa will be done only by Africans" Alpha Condé Guinean President World 14/04/2017 Hope for French suburbian kids via creative means Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I think the gap is too big between neighborhood residents and politicians." Hind Founder, Hope and Creation Sport 14/04/2017 AC Milan seek rebirth with Chinese investment Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 14/04/2017 Jean-Luc Mélenchon: what do we know of his policies? Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The court of Versailles is having fun while the people are dying of hunger" Jean-Luc Mélenchon French presidential candidate World 14/04/2017 United Airlines passenger David Dao 'planning lawsuit' Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "What happened to my dad should never happen to any human being regardless of the circumstance" Crystal Dao Pepper Daughter of United Airlines passenger David Dao World 13/04/2017 Pope washes prisoners' feet in Holy Week ritual Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "It is a gesture to recall what Jesus did" Pope Francis World 13/04/2017 US drops 'mother of all bombs' on Afghanistan Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We targeted [...] tunnels and caves that ISIS fighters used to move around freely." Sean Spicer White House Press Secretary more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > World > Look out Silicone Valley, Europe is coming Now Reading: Look out Silicone Valley, Europe is coming View 12/04/2017 Look out Silicone Valley, Europe is coming Today's Top Stories North Korea 15/04/2017 North Korea show of strength as US tensions rise Turkey 14/04/2017 Erdogan slams OSCE ahead of constitutional referendum Afghanistan 14/04/2017 Dozens of militants killed by US mega bomb - Afghan defence officials Aa Aa Editor's choice world news 13/04/2017 GBU-43: What is 'the Mother Of All Bombs'? world news 13/04/2017 Power grab or stability amid the turmoil? Turkey's presidential referendum... View 13/04/2017 Turkish constitutional referendum: TRexit from parliamentary democracy? last updated: 12/04/2017 Euronews by William Echikson, head of the Digital Forum at the Centre for European Policy Studies in Brussels Europe is often viewed as a digital laggard, running far behind the frontier-pushing United States and Asia. But appearances are deceiving. In fact, according to a new report by the London venture capital firm Atomico, European startups are now taking the lead in artificial intelligence, building new tech hubs, and drawing investment from traditional industrial stalwarts. Last year, a record-setting $13.6 billion was invested in Europe’s tech sector, compared with $2.8 billion in 2011. Gone are the days when Europe’s “tech” sector largely comprised consumer-oriented e-commerce businesses – often blatant knockoffs of successful US companies. Today, Europe is the home of real pioneering innovation, led by what Atomico calls “deep tech” – the kind of artificial intelligence developed by Google’s DeepMind. Deep tech accounted for $1.3 billion of European venture investments in 2015, delivered in 82 rounds, up from $289 million, delivered in 55 rounds, in 2011. Europe’s new tech hubs are emerging in unexpected places, far beyond the early hotspots of London, Berlin, and Stockholm. Atomico pinpoints Paris, Munich, Zurich, and Copenhagen as the cities to watch over the coming years. The French capital, Atomico points out, is already starting to challenge London and Berlin in terms of the number and volume of venture-capital-financed deals. Europe’s traditional industries are now awakening to tech. Two-thirds of Europe’s largest corporates by market capitalization have made a direct investment in a tech company. One-third of those companies have acquired a tech company since the beginning of 2015. Foreign firms are also rushing to take advantage of Europe’s tech talent. Google, Facebook, and Amazon have all announced major expansions of their European tech hubs. Transactions worth more than $88 billion took place last year – compared to just $3.3 billion in 2014 – including SoftBank’s purchase of the British semiconductor-design firm ARM and Qualcomm’s $47 billion purchase of NXP Semiconductors. Another study, by the Boston Consulting Group, points out that many small export-oriented European Union member countries – namely, the Benelux, Baltic, and Nordic countries – rank well above the US in so-called “e-intensity,” which covers IT infrastructure, Internet access, as well as businesses, consumer, and government engagement in Internet-related activities. These “digital frontrunners” generate about 8% of their GDP from the Internet, compared to 5% in Europe’s Big Five (Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom). Digitization is expected to generate between 1.6 million and 2.3 million more jobs than it eliminates in these countries between 2015 and 2020. Of course, Europe’s tech sector still has its weaknesses, reflected in its failure so far to produce a tech giant to rival the behemoths of Silicon Valley. While European tech entrepreneurs find it as easy as their American counterparts to raise startup funds, US firms enjoy 14 times more later-stage capital. That funding gap would disappear, if European pension funds allocated just 0.6% more of their capital under management to venture investments. A related weakness is the lack of a true European single digital market. In the US or China, tech entrepreneurs gain immediate access to a massive market. In Europe, they still must navigate 28 different consumer markets and regulatory regimes. To be sure, the European Commission promised to create a single digital market two years ago, estimating that it could boost the EU economy by €415 billion ($448.5 billion) annually. But Hosuk Lee-Makiyama and Philippe Legrain of the Open Political Economy Network recently delivered a scathing assessment of the results. Europe’s “single digital market,” they argue, currently amounts “to a jumble of outdated, corporatist, counterproductive industrial policies that favor producers over consumers, big companies over small, traditional incumbents over digital startups, and EU firms over foreign ones.” Instead of liberalizing, the EU wants to regulate. For example, it is working to ban companies from refusing online sales (except for copyright reasons) or setting different prices on the basis of a customer’s home country. Other dangerous possibilities – such as an effort to regulate data ownership, access, and usability – lie on the horizon. Despite these risks, the overall trend in Europe’s tech sector is a positive one. A new appetite for risk seems to be sweeping the continent; Atomico reports that more than 85% of founders say it is “culturally acceptable” to start one’s own company. Add to that deep research talent – five of the top ten global computer science faculties are within the EU – and Europe’s start-up boom looks sustainable. Politically, too, there is reason for optimism. Europe’s digital frontrunners are beginning to organize into a potent force, with 16 small EU countries, from Denmark to Ireland and Estonia, having formed a pro-Internet group. Together, these countries have urged the EU to ban data-localization requirements. At a time when the US is pursuing protectionist, insular, and backward-looking policies, Europe is stepping up as an innovative and forward-looking economic force. Wouldn’t it be ironic if, as now seems likely, it is the supposedly backward EU that ended up leading the way in unlocking the Internet’s true economic potential? William Echikson is Associate Senior Fellow and Head of the Digital Forum at the Centre for European Policy Studies in Brussels. Copyright: Project Syndicate 2017 The views expressed in opinion articles published on euronews do not represent our editorial position Picture: French President Francois Hollande takes part in the inauguration ceremony of the “Grande ecole du numerique” (Great school of digital technology) in Le Kremlin-Bicetre, near Paris, France, October 3, 2016. Share this article: More about: Europe Information society technology New technologies California Most viewed Pakistan 14/04/2017 Pakistan 'blasphemy killing': murdered student 'devoted to Islam' Turkey 14/04/2017 Erdogan slams OSCE ahead of constitutional referendum Spain 14/04/2017 Holy Week horror in Spain France 14/04/2017 Melenchon from obscurity to spotlight in French election world news 14/04/2017 Jean-Luc Mélenchon: what do we know of his policies? Flashback: one year ago Sport 15/04/2016 El Morabity wins third straight Marathon des Sables title Syria 15/04/2016 An emotional return home to Palmyra Brazil 15/04/2016 Debate begins in Brazil ahead of impeachment vote for Rousseff United Kingdom 15/04/2016 Brexit: politicians for and against Turkey 15/04/2016 Iran criticised by leaders of Muslim nations at Istanbul summit Editor's choice world news 13/04/2017 GBU-43: What is 'the Mother Of All Bombs'? world news 13/04/2017 Power grab or stability amid the turmoil? Turkey's presidential referendum... View 13/04/2017 Turkish constitutional referendum: TRexit from parliamentary democracy? world news 14/04/2017 Jean-Luc Mélenchon: what do we know of his policies? world news 14/04/2017 Why won't Russia be at Eurovision 2017? world news 14/04/2017 The week in pictures ... When Donald Trump met Xi Jinping North Korea 14/04/2017 'We honour to the highest degree' DPRK and the cult of Kim world news 13/04/2017 Seville's Semana Santa Christian parades world news 11/04/2017 Shell's shady dealings with money launderer revealed in ex-spy's emails Next Article View 10/04/2017 Constitutional referendum: state of emergency could become permanent in Turkey Today's Top Stories North Korea 15/04/2017 North Korea show of strength as US tensions rise Turkey 14/04/2017 Erdogan slams OSCE ahead of constitutional referendum Afghanistan 14/04/2017 Dozens of militants killed by US mega bomb - Afghan defence officials Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Browse today's tags USA Religion France French presidential election 2017 North Korea Syria Football Jerusalem Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 13 Share on Facebook 39 Share on Twitter Total Shares104 Applications Google News Google Now on Tap was introduced alongside Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which used context on your screen to help you find information. Google Assistant replaced Now on Tap (for compatible devices), and carried over most of its functionality. Now Assistant is making it slightly more obvious that it can search your screen and take screenshots.    Left: Old design; Center, Right: New design Before, screen search results would appear below the main Assistant prompt after a few seconds, and the screenshot button was found below the screen search results. Buttons for screen search and taking a screenshot are now immediately visible when Assistant is opened. This is a minor improvement, but definitely a welcome one. The change appears to be part of a server-side update, so if you don't have it, you will soon. Thanks: Łukasz Tags assistant Google google now on tap now on tap Screen Search screenshot ui subscribe ... Previous Story Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger ... Next Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 Finally. The old swipe up barely even worked most of the time. I've been waiting for them to do something like this. Paul Smith Don't even have assistant yet... Nexus 5x 7.12 samiazza Same here, is there any way to get it without root? Suresh Aryal Change the phone language to US English, delete Google app data and you should be running Assistant after few setup screens or just wait for few hours. samiazza Thank you, it worked:-) belac77 that's so weird. I've had Assistant on my Moto G Play running Marshmallow from the second or third day the rollout began! Zahir_SMASH be glad you don't. Alex Dueppen Is it just me or did Assistant get rid of the OCR thing where you could select text on your screen? Bombaglad this was never a part of assistant, only now on tap Nicholas Matranga Nope, they removed it for some reason. That was one of the main things I used now on tap for. Corbin Davenport That feature was never ported to Assistant. Mohammad Fazal Love this Now on tap feature. And now its gone :/ Evgany Used it all the time. Bring it back. Ruel Johnson It's still there you highlight the text then once you open assistant you tap "What's on my screen" Rami Hmm, never knew that worked. Still doesn't help if the text is in an image or it is non selectable text. Steve Riendeau Awesome, thank you! XgudwilX Not the same. You could copy text from within any app, screen, photo, whatever. Even a photo you took of a food label, street sign, or hand written note. Many languages and fonts too. You'd just hit the little copy (👆🏿)icon and go to town. It was amazing. The Now On Tap reverse image search, from within the camera app was awesome too. Much faster than what the Assistant tries to do. It's usually hit or miss. Oh well, maybe this new change is Google making room to bring back the text select (👆🏿) icon! MayorMcCheese Main reason I removed Assistant David Hyman While not ideal and not always a option, you can select text and then trigger the assistant and it'll use that for search context. And there are other apps CTRL-F (I think) that does basically the same thing. So you can share the screenshot with CTRL-F and then copy the text form there kalehv Also I remember Google Now on Tap did screen search when Camera was open. Was helpful to read barcodes but now that's gone. I don't want to install another app just to read barcodes, or QR codes whatever. mjmdroid Got it and already used it more than 4 times today Nicholas Smith Is there any way to use google assistant to schedule calendar events from your text messages? That was a huge feature of on-tap and I don't get why it went away. SocialSupaCrew Yes it's still present with assistant :) Miles Reiter What kind of context were you using that feature in with Assistant? I was trying to get that to work the other day with a clearly spelled out date and time from an email, and it wasn't finding a thing on my screen. motoridersd Awesome! I hated scrolling down to get to the button, so I wasn't using this feature much. This is much better. Eddy Nelson Lopez They need to bring text selection back! Deeco I got a Screenshot of not having Google Assistant, shall I share? FU Google demarcmj no thank you abqnm Maybe someday they'll add a button to open the damn Google app from the assistant pop-up. If I can't talk to my phone, I want to still be able to search without having to go back to the homescreen and then into the Google app. Miles Reiter I'm thinking about writing some kind of case study around the rollout of Assistant and the pro's/con's compared to Now on Tap. What you mentioned is definitely a pain point in my own usage. I'm curious whether there's anything else (good or bad) that stands out to you about Assistant. Luke Taylor As a language learner, one of the big setbacks about GA is that I no longer have the ability to translate my screen or select specific text on my screen if the screen search doesn't pull up any results. I used those on a daily basis! Grey It's easy. You hit the Google icon next to the search, nothing happens, you fumble around, you tap the search box, you swipe up and down, you get very frustrated, and eventually it randomly closes on you when you try pressing the phone back button, so you press the "recent apps" button but it doesn't exist and you get even more frustrated so you tap the Home Screen Search Box and tap the Google icon and Google Now might load. See? Easy. LOL There are still things that Google Now does better then Assistant.....Very annoying Cory S Eh, I think Now did just about everything better than Assistant. aRvInD I want my Google Now onTap back? Is there any mod to get it? Zahir_SMASH Change your phone's language to US Virgin Islands English. You get Now On Tap back, and Google's voice responses get an Australian accent, which I think you can fix, but I find charming in its own way. titetanium Go to apkmirror and download Google App version 6.11.21 or earlier. You'll probably lose any recent data saved in the current version, but Now on Tap will be back. Don't upgrade the app afterwards. Profit. Zahir_SMASH That's a lot more trouble than just changing your language to another English option titetanium Perhaps, but you won't have to worry about getting Assistant going forward as long as you stay on the old version. How long before El Goog updates the other English language options to have Assistant? Miles Reiter What are some of those things that Now did better for you? To be clear I definitely agree, just looking for some things I might not have thought of for writing a case study on the subject! LOL To be honest I don't really use them often. But I really like how Google Now gives you this nice weather card with ton of info, there is no such a thing in Assistant. Also Google Now is able tell which song is playing, again it's missing from Assistant brownjames Text search from any screen. Selection of non selectable onscreen text. Language translation of non selectable text onscreen. Those are my favorite 3 features of Now on Tap that are not in Assistant. Luke Taylor Exactly the same as you. Text translation and selection was used daily by me. Hugely bummed that Assistant can't do it. Michel Sa I could do image searrch (searching by image) using Now on tap, Assistant can't Mohit Saini Will Moto X2 get google assistant? Or it's only available to 64bit devices like s7,nexus 6p...... Zahir_SMASH Pretty sure it is supposed to be rolling out to any device with Marshmallow and up. Corbin Davenport It's for any phone (not tablet) running 6.0 and up, and I think there's a minimum RAM requirement too. Zahir_SMASH Good to know, thanks blindexecutioner Still isn't as good as now on tap. Before when I'd use that on my home screen it would bring up a bunch of options like navigate to work or home. Now it just says there isn't anything. Margaritas Ante Porcos Bixby button is a good place for Google Assistant. diskostu I hate the Assistant, but I love Now On Tap. Is there any way to get Now On Tap back? ro.opa.eligible_device=false does not work anymore. Major Sceptic I liked on tap too , the assistant may be ok in some ways , but I find myself using the AI features less now than when I had on tap . Sometimes I wonder if having all the Wizz bang software that tries to make life easier by bombarding us with constantly​ with organisational​ suggestions that it may in fact be more like a nagging mother in-law . Or I'm just getting old and grumpy in my old age 😎 ? _jack_ You're not. Guilherme Pata Typing to the assistant as you do in Allo would be a real feature. This button doesn't do much when all you had to do before was swipe up... itsatrap It's not as good as Now on tap. demarcmj Didn't this happen like a month ago? https://www.google.com/search?q=google+assistant+%22What%27s+on+my+screen%22&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8 All the results are from around 3/15 (ish) Corbin Davenport It's been rolling out slowly. demarcmj Interesting. I figured the roll-out was about done since I have it and I never get anything early. Still, staged roll-out or not, I was surprised to see that you guys hadn't covered this already. Cakefish Still no assistant available in the UK on a non-Pixel device... hurry up Google. And bring YouTube Red over here while you're at it. Why is Google so lethargic with updates? freshprince_87 Never cared for the now on tap screenshot option. kalehv I also wish that Assistant could be dismissed by just swiping down. It shows up from bottom halfway to the top and it stretches to top when you pull it up only makes me think it could be pulled down to dismiss but .... Dan it does that if it's still on the bottom half of the screen. just tried it. kalehv Yeah but you pull it up to go all the way to top makes me think you can pull it down as well which doesn't work. Ishti Screen translation and text recognition scanning missing. Portzblitz Smart. Before, when you'd summon Assistant, whether you needed more info or not, Google would be processing at the bottom anyway even though few people ever actually swipe up for it; now, the button can be instantly available, but the processing will only happen for people who press it. Separates the task load. Michel Sa Where is the image search from Now on tap! Assistant is a step back. DC_Guy It's MUCH more useful this way. I take a lot of screenshots and i hated always having to scroll down to get to the share button. Sang Ngaihte No Assistant till now in India. Only Now on tap. Sibin C Baby I need the old text selection back....That's the only reason I'm still continuing in Google now Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 320 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 105 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 108 Plus 1 on G+ 218 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares391 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.647s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Topics Retail Content Marketing Data/Analytics Customer Experience Direct Mail/Postal Digital Email Mobile Omnichannel/Multichannel Social Media B2B Marketing Podcasts Resources Essential Guides eBooks eBooks Descriptions Datamine Whitepapers Jobs Directory Events Caples Awards DMN Awards Marketing Hall of Femme Webcasts DMN Facebook DMN Twitter DMN LinkedIn DMN Google Plus DMN Pinterest Archive Subscribe Log in | Register DMN > Sections > Topics > Digital Marketing > What the Burger King Internet of Things Ad Portends Keith O'Brien, VP digital strategy, Haymarket Media April 13, 2017 What the Burger King Internet of Things Ad Portends Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Email Print The recent Burger King advertisement intended to hijack your Google virtual assistant is a feature, not a bug. You may have noticed the below ad being shared on social media or been one of the (un)lucky few to see it on TV and be (un)fortunate enough to have a Google Home or other virtual assistant that it activated. The Verge puts that audience at a very small one indeed. While Burger King clearly conceived of the ad as a media stunt (unknown whether they anticipated the Wikipedia editing that cast the Whopper in negative light), it portends a future showdown between brands, advertising agencies, consumers and virtual assist device and operating system developers.  The ad's effectiveness was short-lived, Google tweaked its operating system to shut down the request. But this will be an arm's race.  Advertisements currently rely on data intake from a complex, but fallible operating system - the human brain. The advertisers judge success by how well that same "computer" - the one that routinely forgets names and birthdays and where the keys are - recalls the ad.  Virtual and home assistants are the evolution for which advertisers have been waiting a long time. It can enable advertisements to rely on a smarter system to push their message further down the funnel. Imagine an ad that can purchase tickets or supplies directly for you. Or put a sale on your calendar. The possibilities are endless.  Also endless will the fighting: you, the consumer, and the Googles of the world will not want their products hijacked for marketing messages. Brands obviously do not want to annoy you to the point that you end up hating them, but they also don't mind a bit of disruption. Google and Amazon (and others sure to follow) know that their current products are still "beta" and do not want the consumers that are still wary of usability and security to find a simple reason to not use their products.  At some point in time, there will likely be a middle ground where ads like this are opt-in and useful, but prepare for a lot of moving fast and breaking things before we get there.  Previous Post Influencer Marketing is Creeping into Alexa Similar Articles The marketer's guide to the windfalls and pitfalls of the Internet of Things Burger King goes mobile to drive traffic Burger King taps NASCAR driver for multichannel push Burger King trolls McDonald's with a well timed tweet Burger King Uses Web, TV, DRTV, Posters for New BK Stacker Sandwich Next Article in Digital Marketing One on One: Ric Elert and the Person-Centric Approach Sign up to our newsletters Best of... Weekly Daily Insider Events Weekly Hot List of the Day Sponsored Promotion Whitepaper of the Day DMNTech Roundup DMNTech Sponsored Promotion United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo (DRC) Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Islands Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia-Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Virgin Islands, British Wallis and Futuna Western Samoa Yemen Yugoslavia Zambia Zimbabwe Company of the Week We recently were named B2B Magazine's Direct Marketing Agency of the Year, and with good reason: We make real, measureable, positive change happen for our clients. A full-service agency founded in 1974, Bader Rutter expertly helps you get the right message to the right audience at the right time through the right channels. As we engage our clients' audiences along their journey, direct marketing (email, direct mail, phone, SMS) and behavioral marketing (SEM, retargeting, contextual) channels deliver information relevant to the needs of each stage. We are experts at implementing and leveraging marketing technologies such as CRM and marketing automation in order to synchronize sales and marketing communications. Our team of architects and activators plan, execute, measure and adjust in real time to ensure the strategy is working as needed and change things if it's not. Find out more here » Career Center Check out hundreds of exciting professional opportunities available on DMN's Career Center.   Explore careers in digital marketing, sales, eCommerce, marketing communications, IT, data strategies, and much more. And don't forget to update your resume so employers can contact you privately about job opportunities. >>Click Here More in Digital Marketing One on One: Ric Elert and the Person-Centric ... Ric Elert of Conversant describes how data picks out the unique (anonymized) customer Cariloha Drives Traffic and Conversion with Retargeting How the bamboo apparel and accessories retailer targeted returning site visitors with display and Facebook ads IBM Study Finds Most People are Disappointed with ... 70 percent of consumers aren't impressed with "The Experience Revolution." Back to Top Insight on profitable data-driven marketing strategies. Connect with us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds Coverage Features Topics DMNotes Case Studies Resources Advertise Social Events Directory Lists Editorial Calendar User Center Register Jobs About us Ad Choices Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Some Pixel and Nexus fingerprint sensors not working after Android 7.1.2 update Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 12:17pm PDTApr 14, 2017 51 Plus 1 on G+ 50 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares166 Bug Watch Device Updates News Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Pixel Pixel XL A number of Google Pixel and Nexus users are reporting that their fingerprint sensor is no longer working after the latest Android OS update. Several members of the Pixel and Nexus communities on Google's product forums have encountered the issue since installing the Android Nougat 7.1.2 OTA. The issue appears to be affecting both the Pixel and Pixel XL, as well as the LG-made Nexus 5X and Huawei Nexus 6P. Reports suggest that while the Pixel and Nexus Imprint sensors are no longer granting access to the devices, the swipe down for notifications Moves gesture is still functional. Attempts to solve the problem by deleting pre-existing fingerprints and starting from scratch haven't worked, as error messages are preventing new prints from being added to the devices. As usual, we'll update if we hear any official word from Google about the issue, hopefully regarding a fix. Source: Pixel User Community forum, Nexus Help Forum Tags 5x 6P bug bug watch fingerprint Imprint nexus pixel pixel xl subscribe ... Previous Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. ... Next Story Google officially moves the AOSP issue tracker away from Google Code Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Andrew Palmer No issues here. 6P. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article Removed VAVAMk_2 Same thereasoner Same here with my Pixel. Suicide_Note No issues on my XL or 6P. Good_Ole_Pinocchio 6p has never given me those issues either... But it is slower than most newer scanners. Nick Which is to be expected. It's still fine. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article defeated. If you do get it expect to lose all unsaved data. Then if want refund you will need to go to court. Sean Please GO AWAY....you have said this TWICE.......Its NOT the Nexus 5 and 6 Mr Brainiac....its the 5X and 6P......which are TOTALLY different than the Nexus 5 and Nexus 6. Max Same here with my XL. elav Me too. No issues on my XL.. Nicholas Matranga My Nexus 5x works just fine after the update. kalehv Sometimes my Pixel XL asks for pattern even after it recognizes my fingerprint (no, I am not talking about the first time after reboot). Rebooting the device works but why does this happen? Nathan Bryant I've also experienced this. It's random. Not so often it's a bother for me. kalehv Yup not so often with me either but being a mobile developer what bothers me is this happening, not the inconvenience it causes. Nathan Bryant That totally makes sense. I assume it's some kind of error even though it's not stating that it is. I don't see the pattern or constant of what causes it when it happens. mattcoz It does that after more than 48 hours have passed since you've last used your pattern. kalehv Nop its not that either. It does that after 4 hours I think. And it should do that only once after 4 hours but not keep doing that until you reboot. mattcoz It's definitely 48 hours, that comes straight from Google. But if it continues to do so, then that's something else. Mgamerz I've had it happen on my Nexus, it just occasionally requires a PIN. Says it's 4 hours of non usage but that doesn't seem true, sometimes I wake up and no pin and sometimes I'll be on and off the phone and it'll require a pin. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Typical. Google needs to fire some of their geniuses and hire some diligent coders, and also diligent testers for their QA department (assuming they even have one -- I sincerely doubt it). Middlefinger Oh really. Nexus/Pixel/Google error 4.453.563 this year alone. Im shocked (not really). Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Best hot steaming pile of dog s**t 2016. SpeakethTheTruth I think you might be on to something with that last paragraph. Cause for real, quality control is out of control right now. sebastianer If fixed my 6P bad battery life and early shutdown only replacing the stock Huawei battery with other battery with different brand (no need to wipe the phone in the process...) Several people did the same and is enjoying the battery life they were having when they bought the phone more than a year ago: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=3534410 You could even try a Huawei battery replacement...but they say they aren't original. I just went for another brand because of the bad experience I had with the stock battery durability I don't know in the Pixel. But in the 6P in 90% of the cases...this is just a problem of the Huawei stock battery. Kendall Gustafson “Pixel”, the word sounds like the color pink. “Pixel” sounds like a little girl’s toy. Most men would never put a phone in their pocket named “Pixel” unless they were a cross/dresser. The word “Pixel” equates to a 50% loss of market share from the male market. “Nexus”, the word does not sound female or male. “Nexus”, the word sounds like science, desirable to any man, woman, or child. “Nexus”, the word sound like domination of market share. kalehv Hahaha that made me laugh. No I do not agree. I am a Pixel owner man and I am not whatever you said they'd be if they owned one but I laughed for some reason. Christian Trevor Clauss I must be a cross dresser then :D mattcoz Real men aren't insecure about what their phones are named. Middlefinger Except that the Nexus sold poorly and was generally complete junk Van_Hammersly Most of us have exited adolescence. bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9bd2ce0665c300ab872edc5e5fa1ef348b87f551cc01532d17bf41264dd126c1.jpg Bruce Wayne Google is really dropping the ball. We just can't have a stable, functioning phone that works. I just had to send my phone in for repair because it went into boot-loop after the recent update. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google: "It compiled with warnings but no errors. Must be ready to go." Bruce Wayne Nothing about Google or Android came up. What are you getting at? Middlefinger This isnt device specific, its a fault in Android itself. Google has become really bad lately with poor quality control. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Even Chrome is going to the dogs. Seriously, Google is staffed by a bunch of incompetent high-paid prima donnas. paxmos At least, Google is not charging an arm and a leg for their phones ;-) 2kool4skool Lol, $869 for a phone that doesn't have waterproofing, wireless charging, expandable storage, and ois is not charging an arm and leg? paxmos Didn't you see the wink? 2kool4skool Apologies, I just woke up and haven't fully recovered when I read your comment, my sarcasm detector didn't work really well that time. Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,...... athorax Can't tell if joking or.... He wasn't telling you to google that phrase, that is what google says when they release a new build of android. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Exactly. If it compiles, it's ready. No need to test or anything. Too much trouble for the geniuses at Google. They're so smart that if it compiles with just warnings, there couldn't possibly be any problems. John Doe I am sure that they do test it but there are things that go wrong...obviously those bugs will be in the spotlight on an Android blog meaning in real life they are probably affecting a small number of users. This is why you do a roll out of the OTA not just dump it all out there. Bruce Wayne Ohhh...Lol. I just re-read his statement now. neates Pixel and Nexus - rich beta testers... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Rich alpha testers. asifalimirza No issues two weeks after the update. I have a Verizon Pixel XL Necronos Yeah, sometimes it doesn't wanna read my finger, really annoying and sometimes I have to reboot. Nope.jpeg If you are reading this, set you Disqus profile to private, if you'd like. I just found out today that it's available. EvilHowl That has been availiable since years Nope.jpeg >I just found out today that it's available. I meant that I just discovered it today. 7-down But it has been there for years! bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/65fbb30db9562d2071d7be874cf7e6b0b6724c0c6b0333a36a817e13eef2bd99.gif Kougeru Thanks tigerstown Another so called pixel issue and yet I have never had one that's been reported. It blows my mind been on 7.1.2 sense the factory imgs dropped Sean Same for me.....my Pixel XL hasnt had a single reported issue so far......... Donovan Goodwin Using mine actually causes phone to restart. Updating to 7.1.2 caused this and it even happens on ROMs. JG W00t! For once I don't suffer from Atrem's Luck... My 5X still lets me in with my fingerprint :) Doomberg I updated just last night. Glad I didn't get hit with this issue. nickarli 6P - had 4 fingers registered, right index stopped working after the update but other 3 still fully functional. I thought it was the massive amount of Utah dust in my fingers all of a sudden, but I guess not Defenestratus There's that vaunted Google QA again. This is how you get more Samsung. New_Guy Yep 4Ui812 Why is Google having app many issues with the Fixel ? Sruly J Except since it's also affecting Nexus devices, this is more of a software issue in 7.1.2 than a hardware issue for Pixel devices. Defenestratus Because IIRC they use Agile software development. Agile is how you get shitty software. Lawstorant I've never thought I would say such thing, but I'm getting fed up with all the "issues" Google is facing with every update. On the Nexus 6, they went as far as to roll it back to 7.0. They should really step up their game especially if, they are fully responsible for every aspect of the device from now on. EvilHowl No issues on my 5X wade_county I thought these Pixels weren't supposed to be beta products? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ They aren't. They're outrageously expensive alpha products. And they even have one defect (halo-cam) that can't be fixed in software. Still the best steaming pile of dog s**t of 2016, though. Everyone should buy one. Everyone who likes dog s**t anyway. Apparently people do, since HTC has shipped 2 million since launch. Kougeru I bad a Pixel for a week and took dozens of photos with no halo Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good for you. Phandroid did an LG G6 vs. Pixel photo comparison. 4 out of 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the 22 G6 pictures had halos. They were all pictures of the same things, obviously with the same lighting. Google admits it's a design defect. If Google admits it, it's kind of hard to pretend it doesn't exist. whispy_snippet No one denies it's an issue. But what you seem incapable of accepting is it's a very minor issue that only very rarely rears its head. If you actively try to shoot an image with a strong light source angled towards the sensor (something you generally don't do because it often results in a poor shot on any camera) you might experience a halo effect. Might. But I've got literally hundreds of photos taken with my Pixel with no halos. You can choose to believe whatever exaggerated narrative you want to fuel your juvenile rage fits. But people who actually use a Pixel every day don't seem to have a problem worth caring about. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It has nothing to do with a strong light source angled toward the sensor. That's normal lens flare. The Pixel halos are NOT normal lens flare. Like I said 4 out of 22 pictures. That's 18% of the pictures they took, and they didn't have strong light sources angled toward the sensor. 18% is not a rare problem, especially when the G6 NEVER had halos with the same exact pictures. Google admitted it's a flaw. Get over yourself and stop trying to justify it. whispy_snippet And like I said, I've taken hundreds of pictures and have seen a halo perhaps a couple of times. And I take a lot of photos given video and photography is my day job - indeed one of the reasons I chose the Pixel is because I wanted the best phone camera available for the times I don't have my proper gear with me. I've seen countless comparisons between the Pixel, iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 edge and while they're all great, in most situations the Pixel takes what I consider the better shot. You're making mountains out of molehills and carrying on like a right twat in the process. P. Sherman ANECDOTAL EVIDENCE DOESN'T MEAN JACKS--- if in scientific tests under controlled environments and the same conditions, the Pixel produced the halo effect, which Google has acknowledged to be a design deficiency standard on LITERALLY EVERY PIXEL MADE, but other cameras feature no such halo effect. FFS whispy_snippet I'm not denying there's an issue! I'm saying it's being blown out of proportion by people who want to blow it out of proportion. P. Sherman Referencing a scientific, controlled test and camera comparison is NOT blowing this out of proportion. Blowing out of proportion would be something how the Wall Street Journal set out to destroy PewDiePie for boneheadedly saying "Death to all Jews" as a joke. But referencing a camera comparison in exactly the same conditions and one phone had a halo effect but the other didn't is science, fact, nothing to blow out of proportion there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good luck arguing with a Google fanboy in deep denial. thereasoner He's actually making solid points, the Pixels do have the best cameras overall​ and all smartphone cameras have some issues. whispy_snippet Show me the link to the test. I would like to see it. Even if their results suggest there's an issue (which there is as we all agree), the significance of the results can still be blown out of proportion which is what we're seeing occur in this ridiculous discussion. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here you go again. phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ Now that I've viewed the pics again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. Two involve a bright light. The other 3 do not. So that's 23% of 22 pictures. I wouldn't say that's blowing things out of proportion. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. Yeah, you paid a lot for your Pixel, so you have a hard time admitting it's a steaming pile of dog s**t. I understand. whispy_snippet Yep, so as we've agreed, halos sometimes appear in shots with strong light sources pointing at or angled towards the edge of the sensor. But let's just ignore the purple flaring and chromatic aberation in at least four of the images from the LG, right? You're demonstrating selective criticism. Every camera has strengths and weaknesses but on balance, the Pixel offers better images than competing phones more often than not. My position is unchanged. You're both making mountains out of molehills, and in no way does this "scientific" test guarantee that 23% of photos taken with a Pixel will exhibit a halo. It simply shows 23% of photos taken in this example demonstrated halos. You're both being completely ridiculous. It's like some sort of sorry crusade to demonise a great product by focusing on a tiny negative while ignoring all the positives. No one ever said the Pixel is perfect. But only you two are using ridiculous, extreme labels like "steaming pile of dog shit" and "HARDWARE DEFICIENCY" as though using capital letters makes your odd ball assertions more valid. Most reputable tech reviewers agree the Pixel has the best overall smartphone camera. You're entitled to disagree. P. Sherman 4/22. 4/22 photos from the Pixel have a halo effect. That's from Phandroid. That's 18% of photos the Pixel. That alone is damning. Google themselves have acknowledged that it is a HARDWARE DEFICIENCY and software fixes have done little to address this. They admitted it was there, that's all we need. If you knew that 4/22 Burritos Chipotle made would give you the Runs, but ZERO/22 Burritos Taco Bell made would, would YOU still choose to eat at Chipotle? whispy_snippet Show me the test! I've asked twice now. P. Sherman Lena Flare was removed from the photos, but not the video. http://highonandroid.com/android-smartphone-news/the-truth-about-google-pixel-camera-halolens-flare-effect/ Also, someone in the official Google forums shot with their Pixel and Nexus 6P in the same Time, conditions, everything. Guess what? https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsrROqMaXHqHg/?hl=by Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ 3 halos are obvious, 1 is subtle. The subtle one is where the picture is looking up at a building's windows. Now that I've viewed them again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. mr.fozzo On my Nex6P, I have noticed that the Fingerprint reader has been less reliable lately. It requires more presses than the usual 1 press. Besnik Rrustemi My Nexus 6P working excellent so far, no battery problems, no fingerprint problems (better standby times on 7.1.2 to be honest). But yes,i can agree that fingerprint was much faster when i first got the device on 6.0 Marshmallow (for unlocking the device with the fingerprint) now it takes like 2 full seconds for that :( jimv1983 No issues on my Nexus 5X and the swipe on the sensor to bring down the notification panel is great. Alex Harrison Flashed the OTA myself on my 5X. No issues with it. Jeff Neston At least it is just the sensor. My nexus 5 was bricked by a Google update.. it got the boot loop. Google support lied to me claiming I broke the power button. False it was not broken. I ended up going small claims case against Google. They settled, but wanted me to sign gag order. Sorry, no way. I sent it back and got complete refund. Sneaky company. What probably causes boot loop update to occur is phone on long time. Some apps get memory leak over time. System then unpredictably unstable. Then the system does auto uplate from Google without asking user NOR even rebooting or turning off prior to the update. Then during update, Os gets corrupted. Then after failed update phone reboots thinking the. Update completed. Now phones dead. And Google not bother to address the issue. Pdiddy187 My 5x fingerprint sensor was great until it bootlooped yesterday morning. LG is going to repair it under warranty even though it's well out of warranty. La Kiesha Rodriguez Barrientes I have the ZTE axon 7 and over a month now google hasn't addressed a fix for the play store not loading apps over data or Wi-Fi.. Without uninstalling updates to play store and then maybe will not say "waiting for network" so frustrating and then maybe download once and have to do that everytime.. Dumb.. P. Sherman That's been like that since KitKat. F------ KITKAT. ahnafm Is google reacommodating their customers now? Brett Delia I thought some positive feedback was worth being added. My Nexus 6P is working perfectly after the update. I've had generally a great experience with all my Android phones. I've had an iPhone as well as a Windows mobile phone as well in my past. None have been as feature packed as my Android devices. New_Guy This and all the other ridiculous issues with the Pixel is a big reason I stick with Samsung... Fernando S Mine is working ok in my Nexus 5x running 7.1.2. It just failed once while I was on 7.1.1 and with a soft reset it came back to life Hank Is that a real screenshot in the story? Enrollment spelled wrong twice. SMH. ThisGuyFUX This is now icing on top of the cake, for anyone whom has enjoyed watching this crash and burn. If I paid $850+ for a Pixel, I'd be pursuing class action litigation by now. Slow clap. Sean Except its only affecting about 1% of the Pixels sold.........so......slow clap for you....... 2kool4skool It's gonna be sucks when you're in the 1%. And I doubt it's 1% anyway, this is probably the 20th article I've read about pixel's problems. That's alot. Probably more like 5%. Brian White Nexus 5x, running fine here ddevito If it wasn't for my OnePlus 3 I'd be on an iPhone. thereasoner One plus has their own issues/lousy support and the iPhone? They're the worst of them all when it comes to buggy software and hardware issues bricking devices ! MisterKraky I'm not having the fingerprint sensor issue myself, but after updating to 7.1.2, I can no longer install or update any apps! On a Verizon-issued Pixel here. Đức Thành What happened to all the testing, Google? It seems they have become too reliant on using Nexus users for beta-testing and now can't seem to do a proper job on their own. Get your grips together, Android team. Rob H. Nougat is such a half baked disaster of an OS. It's ruined my N6. Marshmallow was soon much more stable. Thanks google keep breaking phones. jacob Cant even spell enrolment correctly. Enrollment...... Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,....... vltkpr My sensor stopped working and all it took was a simple restart of my Nexus 6P to get it working again. Rakesh There is a known bug that after you unlock your phone the fingerprint sensor won't work for gestures - swipe down. There is no workaround for it so far other than to just press once and then it will start working. dontsh00tmesanta Guess I'm a lucky one mine is ok Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 10 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 30 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 315 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 124 queries | 0.535s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Cold case files: Google Pixel case reviews (Updated: 01/09/17) Jon Fridman View All Posts 2017/01/09 4:13pm PDTJan 9, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 27 Share on Facebook 42 Share on Twitter Total Shares89 Mobile Accessory Reviews Other Reviews Pixel Pixel XL Reviews Article Contents 1 Speck Presidio Grip 1.1 The Good 1.2 The Not So Good 2 Otterbox Defender 2.1 The Good 2.2 The Not So Good 3 Spigen Rugged Armor 3.1 The Good 3.2 The Not So Good 4 Pixel XL Case by Google - Clear 4.1 The Good 4.2 The Not So Good 5 Ringke Fusion 5.1 The Good 5.2 The Not So Good 6 Incipio Dual Pro 6.1 The Good 6.2 The Not So Good 7 Tech 21 Evo Check 7.1 The Good 7.2 The Not So Good 8 Case By Google - Silicone 8.1 The Good 8.2 The Not So Good 9 SupCase Unicorn Beetle 9.1 The Good 9.2 The Not So Good 10 Google Live Maps Case 10.1 The Good 10.2 The Not So Good 11 Diztronic Pixlee 11.1 The Good 11.2 The Not So Good 12 Spigen Slim Armor 12.1 The Good 12.2 The Not So Good 13 Spigen Tough Armor 13.1 The Good 13.2 The Not So Good 14 Spigen NeoHybrid 14.1 The Good 14.2 The Not So Good 15 LifeProof FRE 15.1 The Good 15.2 The Not So Good 16 Toast Wood (Walnut) ‘Case’ 16.1 The Good 16.2 The Not So Good 17 Incipio Octane 17.1 The Good 17.2 The Not So Good Phone protection is something that is either done by habit or is not cared for; I am a person who does the former. On a day to day basis, your phone is subjected to all types of abrasive materials, hard surfaces, accidental spills, random things in your pocket/bag etc. It is for this very reason that I simply must have a case on my device at all times. Let’s look at phone protection from another perspective: When you purchase a device, it is an important investment. This phone will at some point or another be sold, given to a family member, or no longer used after a period of time. If you’re like me and tend to go through many devices, then you want to keep them as pristine as possible. I generally sell my devices when I’m done using them, otherwise I would accumulate a ton of them and spend more on new ones. Phones that are kept in better condition will always sell for more money, effectively saving you from paying as much for your next device. If you’ve read any of my many reviews that have been posted over the years on XDA, you certainly know how much I enjoy phone cases. I tend to go through a variety of styles, companies, and protection levels just to find the perfect ones. I work in the energy sector, which is probably the worst field if you want to keep your devices in good condition. I routinely go out to field locations during less than ideal weather, with tons of dirt, chemicals, and other things that could be my phone's worst nightmare. When I’m not out in the field, I don’t want to carry around a gigantic brick of a case. I usually aim to have something a little more practical for the office. Speck Presidio Grip Only one company can pack style, protection, and grip into a streamlined case that doesn't make compromises. Speck crafted this handsome case out of their proprietary IMPACTIUMTM and some type of plastic for the rear shell. Verizon and Speck sell the case for $39.99 which is on the higher end for most cases in this category. You may be able to get it cheaper on Amazon, however (5" Pixel version here). The Good Design Excellent protection in a slim package. Grips Nothing beats the excellent grip, and unique styling it gives to the Presidio. The Not So Good Color Only one color option for the Pixel XL. Price Speck is charging a premium for their case. Speck is one of the many well-known case manufacturers and tends to be popular. Their cases offer great protection and grip, all inside a smaller profile than something like an Otterbox. I was excited to see Speck give Google’s Pixel/Pixel XL the special treatment by offering up a few varieties of their great cases. Recently, Speck completely redesigned their flagship Candyshell case line, and rebranded it as the Presidio. The new Presidio line offers all of the same great things you’d expect from the Candyshell with a matte finish, better resistance to scratches, thinner profile, and more cohesive colors. There’s just something about having a matte finish that really looks great. I have a Quite black Pixel XL (I’ll use the word Pixel interchangeably for my Pixel XL) and the black Presidio Grip seamlessly combines to give you a fantastic looking setup. Each cutout on the case looks precise, isn’t oversized, and really makes you feel like it is a tailored suit for your phone. Accessing Google’s new fingerprint scanner is even easier when using this case because of the seamless bevel around the cutout. The stock USB A-C, and C-C cables fit perfectly, as do all of my aftermarket ones from Tronsmart, Choetech, i-Orange, and other companies. You can press each button and still be greeted by that satisfying tactile ‘click’ that makes you forget the phone is even inside a case. When it comes to drop protection, Speck historically has fared well and lived up to the 10’ drop test claim on their website. I’ve personally dropped my Nexus 6P using the older Candyshell Grip from close to that height without it hurting my phone whatsoever. The case will show some damage without it translating to your phone. I also use a Candyshell Grip with my work iPhone 6 instead of the provided Otterbox Commuter for personal reasons. Since it is a work phone, I try to keep it in good shape, although it has seen a few falls in the office and out in the field. Another great mention is the new lifetime warranty that covers workmanship and materials under normal use. Now, I know some people will ask what exactly do the seemingly vague statements cover; I will give you an example of a warranty-covered issue I experienced with my S7 Edge Candyshell Grip. The S7 Edge was already an odd phone due to the dual edge display. This presented problems for case companies because it meant making the edges thinner to accommodate the phone. I had my Speck case crack right under the volume rockers from removing it multiple times. I contacted Speck, sent them a picture, copy of my receipt, and they replaced it without a hassle. I was allowed to keep the old broken one even though I had no use for it. To date, I have not found a better case for my Google Pixel XL despite a plethora of them being currently available. (Note: The smaller dedicated cutout that houses the laser, and microphone can accumulate dust. Some people mentioned this causing auto focus issues due to the sensor being covered by dirt/lint/dust. Since the area is harder to clean, you may need to use compressed 'canned air' or remove the phone and wipe off that area periodically). Otterbox Defender Otterbox offers a more industrial themed case that combines function, and protection without considering looks. The case usually sells for $59.99 direct from Otterbox's website, or other retailers including Verizon. Amazon does sell the Pixel Defender (5" version here), but you may have a limited choice of colors for the XL. The Good Holster This addition really makes carrying the phone a lot easier on top of adding more protection. Ports Port covers help add protection to an otherwise ignored area by most companies. The Not So Good Size Let's be honest with ourselves, the sheer size of the Defender makes it almost unwieldy. Weight Make no mistake on top of the case being the size of a brick, it also weighs about as much. If you ask anyone what they think the best rugged phone case is they will tell you to get a Otterbox, more specifically their Defender. This marks the first time that Otterbox (the company that also owns Lifeproof) has made a case for a Google device. Like Speck, Otterbox is very selective when it comes to the companies they partner with for cases. Otterbox prides themselves on their Defender series, the tests they subject it to, and their unique drop standard. From the consumer perspective, you cannot compare their standard to the relatively loose Mil-STD 810G without conducting it yourself. When I was active duty in the Marine Corps, most people I knew used an Otterbox. I always asked people why they bothered when it just adds bulk. The response was “it’s better” or “I need a heavy duty case." Both of these ‘requirements’ can be easily met by many other cases on the market. I always used a Speck case, even during my deployment back in 2010-2011; I have never broken a phone’s screen, or a phone while using a case. There haven’t been a whole lot of changes in their flagship brick case, or their Defender series. The case is still oversized almost to a comedic point, and features one of the most frustrating systems to install on your phone. I was very hesitant when I first saw their Pixel XL cases because I don’t need that much bulk, and what trivial extra protection it might give you. When you look at their Defender case it’s hard to imagine why they wouldn’t just use a similar methodology to Speck or Tech 21 with a thin, very protective case. I bought this for work, primarily for when I’m out in the field, yet I don't see the point. Otterbox does have a few things going in their favor that most others don’t offer. Otterbox uses port covers on their Defender case so you can protect the ‘ugly’ Pixel/Pixel XL from getting dirt in it. For the record, I like the design of Google’s Pixel line; it takes a while to adjust to, but it’s a unique-looking design on the backside. I was pleasantly surprised when I pressed the buttons on my Otterbox case and was greeted with a tactile ‘click.’ I had a less pleasant experience using Otterbox's cases with my S7 Edge where the buttons felt like trying to use a rusty typewriter. Most cables should work with the case (headphones too) unless you’re using some beastly audiophile aux cable or 0 gauge USB-C cable. Outside, you will find the soft feeling rubber/TPU material that seems to resist oils and marks well. I can’t say the same for the plastic parts. Using the fingerprint scanner is sort of easier due to the long ramp that guides your index finger into place. As with all things on this case, the bevel around the sensor is complete overkill, sticking with the company's industrial design. There is some great attention to detail on the inner plastic shell where Otterbox put a thin (almost foam feeling) liner that helps distribute the shock from a drop over your phone. A built-in screen protector is a very polarizing feature on this case; I personally have a few choice words for it. I removed mine in favor of the glass screen protector currently on my Pixel, since you cannot use both. If you decide to use the built-in screen protector, know that it scratches very fast, has an affinity for oils/dirt, and doesn’t like to wipe clean. I experienced no issues fitting the case using my glass screen protector. A lot of cases lately have such tight tolerances that you can’t even use a vinyl skin, like the ones dbrand sells. Lastly, one of my favorite things about this case is the included belt clip that also protects your screen (when in the clip). More often than not, you’re going to want to carry the Pixel in the provided belt clip as it might get mistaken for a brick if you work in construction. Most belts should work with the clip from what I can tell. I measured it at ~1.75in, so I would recommend a belt that is 1.5in at the most. I haven’t decided the fate of my Otterbox Defender yet; it might get used a lot, or just collect dust on my desk until I feel a need for it. Spigen Rugged Armor The Rugged Armor case from Spigen has become a staple in their product line by offering drop protection, unique styling, at an affordable price. Spigen always sells their cases on their website and eBay store, but it can also be found for $13.99 (as I'm writing this) on Amazon. The Good Size Spigen made a compelling case with a slimmer profile than their competitors without compromising drop protection. Buttons The serrations on the power button really are icing on the case. The Not So Good Color Unlike Spigen's other cases, the Rugged Armor is only offered in black. Spigen isn’t what I would directly call a household name unless you primarily order your accessories online. Most companies that sell cases online only have a harder time reaching out to customers in the same way that Speck, Otterbox, Incipio, or other brands would. I haven’t seen Spigen cases sold in stores myself, but that doesn’t mean they aren’t sold in store somewhere. Spigen is able to reach people better even with no big presence in your typical electronics or carrier stores. They constantly have sales online, promote their products, and more importantly make a large variety of cases for just about every flagship. I first encountered their cases back with my Note 3. At the time I bought the NeoHybrid and never looked back. Over the years their cases have evolved into a more diverse lineup with a few exceptions. They have some cases that are hard to tell apart which confuses consumers. An example of this is their Slim Armor/Tough Armor series. The Slim Armor (SA) is always better compared to the Tough Armor (TA), and while they look nearly identical, the TA is bulkier and has worse button feedback. There are a few lines they offer that I have an affinity toward: the Rugged Armor, Thin Fit, and Slim Armor. I’ve had more good experiences with these cases than some others making them a first purchase when I get a phone. I currently have their Rugged Armor (RA) case for my Pixel. It took me a while longer to get one; this was due to the RA frequently going out of stock on Amazon because of the popularity of the design. Spigen opted for a carbon fiber-ish bottom, supplemented by a horizontally grooved region at the top covering where Google has the glass back. The [somewhat] fingerprint-resistant TPU construction gives you a pleasant soft-touch like feeling when you hold it, despite not having any real grip. Don’t be fooled by the thin profile of this case, because Spigen claims it can take a beating. I’ve dropped my phones (S7 Edge, HTC 10, Nexus 6P, Note 7) in this case more times than I care to mention and never broken a screen or had any damage to my phone. TPU is a great material for absorbing shocks, maintaining its shape over time, and resisting oils /scratches to some extent. The case is said to go through 26 drops from 4 ft (48 in), thereby offering “Military grade” protection. I mentioned in my Otterbox review that bulky cases are more of a style than anything given how cases like this one, and the Presidio, offer equal protection the majority of the time. My favorite part of this case has to be the textured power button. Spigen did the same thing with their HTC 10 version of the Rugged Armor, but not with any other phone’s RA that I’ve seen. The feeling of the serrations will make you crave member berries, as it feels like you are using the phone caseless without any harm coming to it. This makes the transition to the RA not as bad. I know some people hate cases on their phones—if you’re one of those people, give this case a try. It offers a thin profile, protective design, and doesn’t interfere with any functionality whatsoever. Pressing the buttons on this case feels no different than using the phone without one, aside from the subtle softer TPU vs. metal on the phone. I highly recommend this case second only to the Presidio at the moment. There can be a lot of trial and error when finding the right case, but you won’t have that if you buy the RA. (Note: The smaller dedicated cutout that houses the laser, and microphone can accumulate dust. Some people mentioned this causing auto focus issues due to the sensor being covered by dirt/lint/dust. Since the area is harder to clean, you may need to use compressed 'canned air' or remove the phone and wipe off that area periodically). Pixel XL Case by Google - Clear Google's case is only sold through their online store for a rather expensive $30 given what is being offered. The case features a very simple two-tone clear color scheme on the back and is made out of polycarbonate like most other clear cases. The Good Looks Google made a nice looking case if you enjoy the almost two-tone color scheme of the Pixel. Support Anything bought from the Google Store always comes with the best support if you have any issues later down the line. The Not So Good Protection Unlike last year's offerings, there isn't much in the form of protection offered by this case. Design The clear 'windowed' region suffers from rainbowing due to the poor design. Then you're left with no protection for the top or bottom of your Pixel. Google first introduced its own phone cases starting back with the Nexus 5 (I could be mistaken). There was a mixed reaction, mainly due to the much higher prices, delays, and rather mediocre quality at times. Each new Nexus device thereafter would have its own generation (style) of case in the Google Store. I never owned a Nexus 5 because at that time I bought my first true phablet, the Note 3. I also used a Nexus 7 (2013) model while at school for some of my text books and other things. Google made a bumper case for the Nexus 7 that seemed to have its fair share of issues, such as the color rubbing off onto the tablet. Things changed with the Nexus 6 case which was made by CaseMate, as was their Project Fi case, if you were lucky enough to get one. These cases were still way overpriced relative to some other alternatives, on top of their already questionable design/quality. Following the 6, Google’s Nexus 5X/6P received a little more special treatment with their cases. Adopted is a company based in NY that primarily makes iPhone cases (gasp). This lineup offered better quality, unique Google-inspired designs, and a premium price to suit. I owned the clear and the felt-like backed grey one. These cases showed a big step forward compared to earlier years despite some small issues. Google went a step further many months after the phones launched with their Live Cases. Both my wife and I owned these with mixed results: Hers fit perfectly and looked great. Mine on the other hand was loose, creaked horribly, and the picture was nowhere near clear. I might have Artem’s luck with these things. I decided to get the “Made by Google” clear case for my Pixel XL this year. On their website, the pictures are deceiving because you cannot tell whether the top and bottom are protected (they’re not). I was disappointed when I opened my brand new Quite Black Pixel XL and case, only to be greeted with something that I would personally never use—there was a total lack of top/bottom coverage. I enjoy thin cases such as Spigen’s thin fit, and Ringke’s Slim series, but only when they offer top/bottom coverage. I decided to try the case anyway since I already bought it. However, things didn’t get better for Google’s latest case offering. If you look at the back, you’ll notice it has a frosted bottom and clear top corresponding to where the glass window is on the Pixel. I think this design looks good, as do other case manufacturers since they implemented a similar design of their own. The clear back region covering the Pixel’s glass is just as big of a fingerprint magnet, if not bigger than the glass itself. I also experienced a large amount of rainbowing when the case was on because it touched the glass. Google didn’t think that design through as they should have. Conventionally, cases will use a ‘micro-dot’ pattern to keep the plastic a hair off the glass; so this issue doesn’t occur like it does with other cases. The issues kept getting worse when I noticed a lot of scratches on the inside of the case from where I cleaned it with a microfiber cloth. There was no dust or dirt on it when I cleaned it. There is a trivial lip that keeps your display raised off hard surfaces, yet if you intend to use this case, should that even matter? One good thing Google did was make the buttons accessible, at least enough where I didn’t have any glaring issues hitting the power/volume keys. I believe Google needs to make a good case that doesn’t suffer from these abundant problems year after year, especially when launching a whole ‘new’ line of devices. I wouldn’t recommend buying the clear case (I cannot speak about their other case’s quality) unless you enjoy throwing money away for something that won’t protect your phone any more than using a dbrand skin. Ringke Fusion Clear cases are a popular way to show off your beautiful phone. Ringke offers interesting cases that fit this need for a reasonable price. They can be found on Ringke’s website or on Amazon for $20 or less depending on the day. The Good Looks This case will look great if you plan on using a dbrand skin to eliminate the rainbow streaking. Ports Ringke removed all port covers making the case easier to use on top of looking better. The Not So Good Design The lanyard hole is a blackhole for dirt to enter your case. Design The transparent polycarbonate back panel doesn't use microdots therefore suffers from the dreaded rainbow effect. Ringke (also known as Rearth USA) is another company that makes a very popular array of cases. Their collections include the Ringke Slim and Fusion series, both of which I’ve been using for quite some time. Depending on your phone, Ringke has a broad assortment of styles, materials, and colors. Unfortunately, only one case has been made for the Pixel/Pixel XL so far: the Fusion. If I were to think back to the early days of my Nexus 6P, there were only a few decent clear cases out there; one of my favorites was the Fusion. My first Ringke case was a Ringke Slim that I bought for my favorite phone of all time, Google’s Nexus 6. The sheer size of the device was great, and even more manageable with a thin case from Ringke. I appreciated their attention to detail with the inclusion of top and bottom coverage, unlike some other thin-fitting cases back then. The Ringke Slim and Fusion cases both took a beating during their time on my Nexus 6—even some hard falls onto the pavement that left lasting marks on the plastic. My Nexus 6 never had so much as a scratch on it despite the very minimal design of both cases. In my opinion, the protection you get boils down to a few basic things: design, materials, and coverage. Neither case was what I would call bulky, yet the right combination of those variables gave my phone adequate protection. I opted for a Smoke colored Fusion to compliment the Quite Black Pixel XL. There’s something about this combination that gives the phone a stunning appeal. Outside the Fusion is a TPU-based bumper fused to the polycarbonate back panel. This was done to give you the best transparency, while still having flexibility for impacts and removing the case. Some changes were made to the design from last year. First, the infamous port covers Ringke used on their Fusion line are now gone with the wind. Second, Ringke found a way to avoid the scratch mark around the fingerprint cutout. This was a big concern among Nexus 6P case buyers last year; I spoke with an individual who detailed the cause of this defect. When the cases are made via injection molding or other methods, there is a large amount of heat. As the polycarbonate cools, air pockets can form in a long and narrow fashion stemming from the fingerprint cutout. From a consumer perspective, it looks like a scratch, yet this was a manufacturing issue. The following areas of the case stayed the same despite not serving any real function for most people. There is a small lanyard hook at the bottom of all Ringke cases; maybe it’s a trademark design, or they just felt like adding one. This presents a large issue for their clear cases because it allows dust, dirt, and everything in between to get inside your nice clear case. Unlike their Air series, Ringke did not opt for a micro bubble texture on the clear region, resulting in what looks like an oil spill. As I mentioned in the Google Clear Case review, there is rainbowing on any place a polycarbonate section touches the glass. This is especially true with the large region covered by this case. I tried to carefully put the case on without pressing on that area, only to be met with gigantic rainbow effects. Dirt is this case’s worst nightmare, as all of it shows easily because the whole back touches the phone. Every tiny piece of lint and dust will show through the case. I carefully removed all the dust, used a can of air, then briskly placed the phone inside. To my frustration, dust still managed to find its way in. I wouldn’t even consider placing this phone inside my work laptop bag because I know it would come out looking like I took it from a dusty closet. On a more positive note, Ringke claims the Fusion offers MIL-STD 810G drop protection, making it just as protective as the Speck, Spigen, and Otterbox. This same protection is also offered by the fragile yet sleek looking V20, so keep that in mind. No one verifies the case lives up to that standard other than the company making the claim, but I don’t doubt the Fusion’s protection whatsoever. Some standards such as the MIL-STD 810G seem easy to meet if you engineer your case correctly. I believe Ringke needs to work on addressing the rainbow issue, and in doing so they will fix my other complaint regarding the dust through the addition of micro dots. As of right now, I wouldn’t recommend their case until something is done to fix this. Incipio Dual Pro When it comes to color, Incipio has your phone covered with their Dual Pro. Gold, red, and black all are offered in a nice looking case that can be found on Amazon, Incipio's website, and Verizon for around $35 or less. The Good Color Incipio chose to offer some nice colors compared to other companies. Buttons All the buttons are very responsive and easy to find. The Not So Good Size The choice of materials here likely led to this case being larger than it should have been. Cutouts For some reason Incipio chose to make their cutouts on the back so large that even my Otterbox Defender’s look small. Incipio makes cases for everything from smartphones to laptops, giving them a very diverse background. As with most other case manufacturers, Incipio primarily caters toward Apple products, which can be seen with their excessive selection of cases offered for each Apple device. During my last year in school I owned a Surface Pro 4 and housed it inside an Incipio case. I tend to be overly OCD/cautious when it comes to electronics, hence why all my phones, tablets, and devices have been inside a case since day one. While Incipio doesn’t offer a wide selection of cases for Google’s Pixel line, they do have a few good choices. I was surprised to see more cases being offered compared to last year’s Nexus 6P, which was only given one case and color, while the 5X had a slightly better lineup. I’ve owned both the Octane and Dual Pro cases for previous phones, but I haven’t tried the Carnaby yet. The Dual Pro features a hard shell Incipio calls “Plextonium,” which is still just polycarbonate as they denote on their website. Silicone is used inside (I always thought it was a softer TPU/TPE), so reading that was certainly interesting. Silicone is not ideal for cases because it will stretch out over time, as Otterbox, Seidio, and other companies have come to find out. Most cases use TPE/TPU for its favorable properties, including retaining shape better even after removing your phone countless times. I’ve never had a Spigen case become loose over time, yet all my silicone ones have. An interesting tidbit: only the black model has a soft touch finish to it. I don’t know if this is by design, or the way they finish the black one. I could only find a gaudy gold case when I bought my Pixel XL. I usually don’t care about the color if the case does its job. The gold does a decent job hiding fingerprints. This is unlike the black one, which is a magnet for oils and dirt. Compared to Dual Pro cases in the past, this one is exceptionally thick—and no, that’s not a good thing. I don’t see this case offering any more protection due to the added thickness. Rather, I feel it’s due to the use of silicone as opposed to TPU. Aside from the bulk, I can’t say I appreciate the larger fingerprint/camera cutouts. I’ve already noticed scratches on my fingerprint scanner, so any more exposed glass through the back is not something I want. I did order a skin to cover just the glass, but that won’t be here for about a week. Some of this added bulk might be a good thing because of the case’s slippery texture. Just about every negative thing I’ve mentioned is more about me being a very picky person than there being something inherently flawed about the case’s design. There are several positive aspects of this case, such as the few color options (gold/black/red). The latter isn’t nearly as common these days. If you plan to keep your phone in this case without removing it more than a few times, I don’t see the silicone losing its shape as much over time. It is ultimately up to you when deciding which case to use. Tech 21 Evo Check Simple, elegant protection is what Tech 21 offers all without any added bulk or fancy marketing. You can purchase the Evo Check case from Tech 21's website, or from Verizon currently unless Amazon decides to stock it in the near future. The Good Design I don’t think there’s a way to look at this case and say it’s ugly. The checkered back looks stunning from all angles. Protection All good things can also come in a well-designed, sleek case with the benefit of great drop protection. The Not So Good Buttons Trying to push the power button is like trying to move a building. It won’t budge without a ton of force. Cutouts Tech 21’s choice for a precise fingerprint cutout and a large camera cutout confuses me. Why wouldn’t they stick to precision for both? I prefer cases that offer good drop protection and a slimmer profile, as I’m sure most readers will have noticed at this point. I chose the Tech 21 case because it was well suited to offer protection all with a nice looking low-profile design. My experiences with Tech 21 only date back to when I bought my S7 Edge earlier this year. I found their case to be great in many areas, particularly with handling drops. Their claim to fame seems to be how well the cases hold up to drops while still protecting the phone/tablet inside. I’ve seen many YouTube videos showing someone drop the case off a balcony onto concrete/pavement with no damage to the phone. I would never test this myself, and I do not recommend ever doing so because anything is possible. Tech 21 offers a few styles in their EVO line that all look too similar for most people to tell apart. They have the Evo Check, Evo Check Active, Evo Elite, Evo Gem, Evo Tactical, etc. Only the Evo Check is offered for Google’s Pixel line. Even though each style looks similar, their functions are different. Each case relies primarily on a material they call “FlexShock,” which is another fancy way of saying some sort of TPU/TPE material. One thing I will say about their materials is how hard they feel relative to other cases. They might be using a higher density form of TPU/TPE to protect the phone against larger drops. I opted for a Black/Smoke Evo Check case since my Pixel XL is Quite black. The contrasting checkered pattern gives the phone a tactile or even stylish look. Physically, this case is only slightly larger than Spigen’s Rugged Armor, yet it claims to withstand bigger impacts. Inside, there are ribbed buffers lining the border along the sides; it then has thicker top/bottom sections that aide in impact absorption. I found the bottom thickness to be annoying at times because I rest my phone on my pinky, so these deeper cutouts started to hurt my finger after a while. The backside of each cutout is virtually flush with the phone to give you better access for charging and headphones. While their fingerprint cutout is great, I can’t say I appreciate how large the camera one is. I won’t say it hurts anything because it doesn’t, but precision is part of a case’s beauty when it’s this sleek. Speaking of sleek, you won’t find the Evo Check to offer much if any grip if that matters to you. Let’s talk about my biggest issue with this case: the power button. I was very pleased with both the volume keys after pressing them, then came the power button… I don’t know why it’s so damn hard to press or how they let it ship like this, but it’s a nightmare. I thought my first one was defective, so I swapped it out only to find the same issue. The button simply doesn’t want to move when you press it. I’m currently using the case with the hope that prolonged use will cause the button to break in somehow. If Google made a native way to turn off my screen via the fingerprint scanner I would do that, but unfortunately only 3rd party apps can do that so far. This would solve the power button issue during normal usage, but it doesn’t excuse the problem to begin with. Aside from my complaints with the awful power button, I find this case to be very pleasant during day-to-day usage. I will update this review later if the power button situation changes. Case By Google - Silicone Google is generally good at keeping things fresh. They have managed to continue that tradition by offering a wider variety of cases in a number of colors. The Silicone has many nice features, as well as a few flaws that may ultimately be the deciding factors for you. The Good Appearance The case has a sophisticated design that looks very professional. Cutouts Due to the open bottom, every USB accessory should fit without an issue. The Not So Good Texture It is very slippery and would be easy to drop. Material The silicone is bound to stretch with general wear and tear. Let me start by saying that this case is very simple and elegant. It does not try to be anything it’s not. There are no extra flourishes that make it seem too decorative, other than the “G” on the back (Google’s signature stamp). The Silicone case I was sent is grey, and this neutral tone gives me a more business-oriented vibe. I can picture it sitting on an executive’s desk during his coffee break. However, looks are not the most important thing. Google chose to make this from a conglomerate of three materials: it has a polycarbonate shell wrapped in soft silicone, which is then lined with a velvety microfiber. This combination gives the case a very sleek feeling, but at a price. It is so slick it could slide across sandpaper. Some areas are not reinforced properly, allowing the silicone to pull away from your phone around the buttons. Unlike Google’s Clear Case, this one covers the top of the phone and leaves the bottom out in the cold. Since the case is so slippery, there is greater risk for damage if you should drop it. If dropping is not a concern for you, the fact that the buttons are almost impossible to find may be. The buttons on this case are practically ghosts. If you go to push the power or volume buttons, you may wonder whether they are there or not. When you do manage to find them there is a good tactile response. It is a combination of the smooth texture and nearly flush edges that make them hard to locate. If Google were to make one change to the buttons, I would suggest giving them some kind of raised texture. If you are as anal as I am, the cutouts on Google’s Silicone case may be a nuisance to you. Given all the precise engineering that went into making this case, you would think the cutouts would have received the same treatment. The fingerprint cutout is perfectly fine, but the cutout for the camera is extremely large. It does not appear like it was measured to perfectly fit the Pixel camera. This extra open space allows more dirt to get on the lens, which is easily scratched. Since the purpose of a case is to protect your phone from damage, this seems like a major oversight. I have resorted to buying a vinyl skin that covers the glass to protect it while in such cases. If having a fashionable case with basic scratch protection is enough for you, then you will enjoy this case. If you do buy it, don’t drop it or have it on the counter while baking cookies. You’ll either end up with a broken phone or cleaning flour from your camera lens. SupCase Unicorn Beetle Despite what its name suggests, this case is not made of a casual greeting, a mythical creature, and an insect. The Supcase Unicorn Beetle is an example of a good case gone in the wrong direction. Imagine if General Mills took the marshmallows out of Lucky Charms...it’s that kind of direction. The Good Design The clear back is properly designed to eliminate rainbow streaking. Ports The charging and headphone cutouts are able to fit most cables without issue. The Not So Good Design The boxy design leaves a lot to be desired. Buttons The buttons are very hard to press the first time, even though they are easier to find than some other flush buttons. This case once had a lot of desirable features which have either disappeared or been altered completely. Previous case generations made holding it comfortable as the case mimicked the phone’s contours. In terms of shape, it is now very boxy. While the Otterbox is bigger, the Unicorn Beetle (UB) has a more cumbersome feel in your hand. The UB’s edges are very sharp, making it even more uncomfortable to hold. The look has also changed; the Nexus 6P generation UB had a frosted back, which has vanished from the new one. The only good thing about the clear back is that it doesn’t cause rainbow streaking, as it is lifted slightly off the phone. The major downside is that this allows dust to get onto your phone, defeating one of the points of using a case. The former frosted back was made from acrylic, but the new one appears to be made of polycarbonate. This gives it a more slippery feel, adding to the reasons why it is more difficult to hold. The almost good news about the buttons is that the power key is textured, so you actually know what you are pressing. On the other hand, when pushing the buttons, you need to push them toward the front of the phone; you can’t just push them straight in. The buttons are also flush, making it hard to tell where the volume rocker is. At least you’ll be able to distinguish it from the power button. Now, let’s talk about the cutouts. They are oversized, which again makes it easier for dirt to get on your phone. However, the large size of them keeps with the bulky, square theme of the case. While I am not a fan at them, I will say that they are consistent with the rest of the design. If uniformity is important to you, you’re in luck. Much like Lucky Charms without the Charms, this case has left me disappointed. The UB has removed all of the features that made it such a good case back in previous generations. What were once smooth contours that blended the back panel with the outer TPU bumper are now sharp edges. Additionally, poor design led to the use of buttons that are nearly impossible to find let alone press the first time. In my opinion, there are too many better competing cases on the market to justify using this one. Google Live Maps Case Live Cases, particularly the maps ones, have been popular since Google first released them last year. Google gave anyone the ability to create a one-of-a-kind case with limitless possibilities for customization. At $40 customization doesn’t come cheap, so putting a picture of your new girlfriend on it might be a bad idea. The Good Design Infinite customizability allows you to have a truely unique case. Software The accompanying app ensures your phone's wallpaper can be as unique as its exterior. The Not So Good Buttons Despite the good intentions behind Google's NFC button, it falls short in real word use. Color Colors when you order may not match your actual case as I found out. There are many color and ‘texture’ options offered by Google for their maps case that are not entirely accurate when you physically get your case. I ordered this maps one in what I thought was a deep indigo, yet when I received the case it was a very light periwinkle. This was disappointing for me given the blatant color differences, especially the indigo. I checked the color on a few different screens (not the oversaturated AMOLED on my Pixel) to be sure. Aside from the colors looking like a faded pair of jeans, not the dark wash expected, the case was as I ordered. While Google’s two other cases have a larger cutout for the camera module, and sensor array, this one has precise holes for each. If I were to speculate, Google did this to maximize the area for printing the image onto the case. Since the entire case is crafted from polycarbonate, the volume/power buttons received cutouts, otherwise they would be unusable. On the inside you will find an NFC antenna linked to the large indent at the case's center. Google refers to this as a programmable shortcut button, although that terminology is a little misleading. The NFC antenna isn’t contacting the Pixel’s rear glass until you apply a lot of pressure to that spot on the case. Once contact has been made, the Pixel will read the NFC antenna, and do whatever task you assigned to it. A nifty, simple companion app was created to control, program, and otherwise play with the Live Case. One neat feature all Live Cases have is a unique wallpaper that matches your case. Maps cases will allow you to see the local map around you in any color array offered for the case. These wallpapers also scroll nicely with the Pixel Launcher, and can be alternatively used as a fixed image. Style, scratch protection, and the cool factor are about all you can expect from any Live Case. There is a very slight lip for face down protection, and both the top/bottom are exposed. I personally don’t mind those drawbacks given how Google doesn’t intend for their Live Cases to offer real protection. Personal expression in the form of cases is expensive no matter what Live Case you choose. I can’t say whether or not $40 is worthwhile for most people, but for me it’s certainly not. Between the inaccurate colors and almost useless NFC button, Google has a lot to work on for future live cases. Diztronic Pixlee If you ever find yourself missing those old pixelated video games from the late eighties and early nineties, you may like the Diztronic Pixlee. At $10 and in a variety of colors what's not to like about this case? While it has its flaws in terms of protection and design, it is overall a whimsical case that will make you want to break out your old Nintendo. The Good Design It has an attractive design and easy-to-find buttons. Colors Diztronic offers a multitude of colors for your retro inspired needs! The Not So Good Materials It is not very sturdy and has a large camera cutout. Durability As with previous Diztronic cases the sides will loosen up over time making the case unusable. Why does this case make me so nostalgic for a simpler time? The answer is in the look. The Pixlee has a design that quite literally looks like little pixels you may have seen on an old computer. This design also gives it a rougher texture, allowing you to keep a firm grip on it. While I am describing the black one, it comes in a variety of colors for you to choose from including orange, and pink. In terms of functionality, the Diztronic Pixlee has its pros and cons. Allow me to start with the positive and work my way down. The buttons are very nice and easy to push. Unlike buttons on some of the other cases I will be discussing, they are simple to find without having to visually search for them. In terms of the negative, the case is very flimsy. It will likely not shield your phone from much damage in the event of a drop. However, this may be moot, considering the rough texture should help prevent it from slipping out of your hand. Something else that may be considered a negative quality is the single, large cutout for the camera. It takes away from the otherwise preciseness of the case and could allow dirt to get around the camera glass. Lastly, Diztronic cases have been known to lose their shape over time thus becoming almost useless. I encountered this with 2 of their Nexus 6P cases, and my Nexus 6 one prior to that. To put it simply, this case is very pretty. It has a design that I believe most people would enjoy, and you can pick from an assortment of color options. Despite a few minor flaws, the Pixlee is a case worth trying out. Spigen Slim Armor At first glance, the Spigen Slim Armor looks something like an android from Star Wars (this is good news if you’re into that kind of thing). This is a great looking case that is more than thick enough to give your phone the proper armor before doing battle with your floor. Like every case, however, there are good and bad things about the Slim Armor even for the $30 you'll pay to get one. The Good Design The Slim Armor has an appealing design and has buttons that are easy to find and press. Features Spigen's small kickstand holds the Slim Armor up better than its bigger brother. The Not So Good Features The bottom is quite slippery and the kickstand pops out easier than it should. Color There are only a handful of color options, none of which are particularity great. In terms of the way this case looks and feels, there is a major textural difference between the black top and the silver (gunmetal) or black bottom. If you are like most people, your hold your phone more toward the bottom end. This is where there is slight problem with this case. The silvery bottom (the magical element that gives it that robot look) is very slippery, while the top is not. The kickstand also easily comes off, though it is not clear if this has something to do with the weak plastic retainer. All of my previous Slim Armor cases made popping out the kickstand a nightmare, thus maybe Spigen addressed the issue. This smoothness may make it more likely that your phone will slide from your hand. Although, I suppose they call it “Armor” for a reason, as this thing could really take a pounding. If it is not yet clear, design and functionality are really intertwined with this case. The buttons are raised appropriately, so you won’t find yourself feeling around for your volume buttons like you are trying to read Braille. It has smaller cutouts for the camera and flash, which adds to the sleekness and will help minimize the amount of dust and dirt that can damage the glass. Previous Next Ultimately, this case is like the little black dress of cases according to my wife. It is versatile and can take your phone from a professional to a casual setting. While it's slippery due to the contrast in textures, damage should still be minimized in the event you drop your phone down a few flights of stairs. The Spigen Slim Armor really is armor for your phone. Spigen Tough Armor Well, not all Armor is created equal. Some phone accessories really should not have been made to begin with, and the Spigen Tough armor would be at the top of that list for me. Despite a few redeeming qualities, you may want to save your money on this one. If you really want to buy the case it can be found on Amazon for ~$18. The Good Design Texture is easy to grip (black one), and it looks better than its clear counterpart. Ports Ample room was provided on both the top/bottom cutouts for your audiophile and charging needs. The Not So Good Material Oil from your fingers will dirty the case, and good luck finding the buttons. Cutouts For some reason Spigen opted for a bizzare speaker cutout on the non-clear version only. Let me begin by discussing some production flaws and a couple of positive qualities. You all know my thing with buttons by now...these ones are extremely elusive. Not only do they not want to be found, but they do not want you to know which one is which. If the case itself could think, it probably would not even know they were there. The buttons on the clear one are even harder to find because of the smoother texture. They attempted to put a little dividing line between the power and the volume buttons, but it is a barely noticeable afterthought. What really bothers me is why Spigen still insists on making the Tough Armor when their Slim Armor is always better. Unlike the Slim Armor, the design on the Tough is somewhat boring. However, I will say it has a very grippy texture in addition to being sturdy. You should have no problem with your phone being damaged. Some more good-ish news is that the camera cutouts are the same shape as the Slim Armor (only a tiny bit smaller). It gives the phone a slightly more sleek look, and little to no dust should scratch your camera lens. The kickstand also seems to remain in place when you open and close it. The texture has a somewhat leathery feel, and is very absorbent. Don’t commit a crime while using this case, as your prints could easily be lifted off. If your only concern is with the fingerprints, then I would recommend the clear one; while it is clear around the very top and bottom, it has a smooth, silver back that does not dirty easily. Just be careful holding this one, as it would be easier to drop. Previous Next Spigen decided to make different speaker cutouts for the clear version in a good way. There are tiny slits above the speaker cutout normally which distort/muffle sound slightly, but this was fixed with the clear one. Design continuity should remain in place across a clear version of the same case, yet Spigen doesn’t seem to agree. While the Tough Armor was a fair attempt, I feel it is an example of why sometimes it is best to leave well enough alone. All it will take is a one-time use for you to realize that the Slim Armor is superior. Spigen NeoHybrid I am sure all of you know that looks can be deceiving, and the looks of the (~$15) Spigen NeoHybrid are just that. It will lure you in with a false sense of security until you actually touch it and put it on your phone. While appearing to be of high quality, it is actually quite cheap. The Good Style There is some color variety to choose from and it looks nice. Design Spigen's accent pattern follows Google's design language, and frankly is cool. The Not So Good Design It is flimsy and there is always a gap around the bumper when on your phone. Buttons The buttons sit flush with the bumper due to a design flaw. Apparently, some phone cases need bumpers...perhaps in case they fall down or bump into things. While the bumper offers a pleasing visual contrast to the body of the case, it presents a problem when you place it on your phone. No matter what you do, there will always be some sort of gap between the bumper and the actual case. This makes it so your case always looks cheap, and you will find yourself constantly fiddling with it in frustration. I wish that were the only issue. I haven’t seen a NeoHybrid fit perfectly since the days of my Note 3. While the buttons are properly raised to my liking, the case itself is very thin and poorly designed. Ideally, cases should be stiff so they can do their job. The NeoHybrid acts like it is made of rubber, and if you remove the bumper you can bend it in half without damaging it. Except unlike rubber, this case is not as durable (...and won’t bounce when you drop it)). I don’t feel comfortable allowing the thin plastic bumper to take any impact without suffering a lot of damage. One thing Spigen did right with this case has nothing to do with making it function better, but it is still worth noting. There is a textural difference between the top and bottom; the top has a raised design while the middle/bottom has a smoother texture. This adds to what is very “pretty” about this case. Putting the raised design on the bottom may have been more useful, as it would make the case less slippery while holding your phone. Do not judge a book by its cover. The NeoHybrid seems very nice and appealing, but it falls short everywhere else. LifeProof FRE LifeProof has finally given Nexus...umm, Pixel owners... a true water resistant IP68 case. (I say resistance because the IP rating is not a ‘waterproof’ standard). Google opted out of true water resistance on their flagship Pixel, leaving many users unhappy. This is where this LifeProof FRE case stepped in. Gone are the days of putting your phone in those awful pouches that render your phone useless. The case is sold through LifeProof's website for a rather pricey $89.99. The Good Design Excellent protection from dust and water thanks to its IP68 rating. Materials The durable exterior and reasonable screen protector make this a great case. The Not So Good Buttons These are by far the worst I’ve encountered on a case. Cutouts The speaker membrane hinders audio quality on an already quiet phone. When I heard LifeProof decided to take the plunge and make a Pixel/Pixel XL case, I was more excited than I care to explain. I need a good water/dust resistant case in my line of work, neither of which really existed for phones other than your usual Samsung/Apple flagships. There were a few select phones to receive the LifeProof treatment besides those, yet none were from Google’s former Nexus line... until now. My experience with LifeProof doesn’t go back as far due to the phones I’ve owned. The first one I bought was for my work-issued iPhone 6. Since earlier this year I’ve used the FRE on that phone without any big issues, other than some wear/tear from various drops its encountered. The case has held up well despite my less than gentle treatment of it. Moving on to this particular case, you will only find one color option so far (I hope that changes in the future). Even with the normal run of the mill black/grey styling, I’m happy this case exists at all. In the box, LifeProof includes some stickers, a small tool that aides in removal of the back, and a water resistant AUX extender. To maintain water resistance, there is a threaded portion inside the case and on the adapter alongside a small o-ring. I wasn’t able to fit a normal AUX cable into my phone without that adapter, not that I even use corded headphones these days. In the world we live in, dongles no matter their use have become a common site. Personally, I would rather not carry around extra gear if I don’t need. If you crave a larger phone, and miss the size of your Nexus 6, then you will be happy to know how large this case is. My Pixel is now thicker, and just as tall/wide as my LG V20 in a Speck Presidio Grip. The size of my V20 doesn’t bother me (hence why I own one), yet it can make your Pixel seem like a small brick. Size isn’t the only area of concern on this case. The buttons and speakers also have their own set of ‘problems’. Let’s face it, the Pixel has a quiet speaker if you even call it that. I rarely hear my alarm on it, let alone my ringtone. LifeProof used a membrane of sorts to protect the speaker, while still allowing sound to pass through (though muffled). I couldn’t watch a video or listen to music on my phone before with the low volume, now it’s a muffled mess. Don’t worry about trying to change the volume or shut off the phone inside this case; the buttons are basically glued in place. These might be the toughest buttons I’ve ever experienced. Oddly enough, my iPhone version works fine, even with the added resistance when pushing buttons. I appreciate the attention to detail LifeProof put into different aspects of the case. A grey trip wraps itself around the display, giving the case a nice transition into the black frame. Along the sides you will find a subtle grey trim accenting the case while also showing you where it splits apart. Other cases can make it difficult to find, wherein you need to remove a certain piece to get your phone. Thankfully, there are no issues with that here. Using the phone in the LifeProof case isn't difficult. In fact, I think it has a fairly decent built-in screen protector. Don’t expect to keep your beloved glass screen protector on in this case because it simply won’t fit. Fingerprint recognition has worked flawlessly for me even in this case, but gestures are another story. I can sometimes get the swipe gestures to work, but other times it’s a frustration-filled mess. That's a big deal to me, since I use gestures frequently. Given the Pixel’s excellent camera abilities, you should know how this case poses issues in that department. I found focusing to be inconsistent, and the plastic ‘lense’ on the case appeared to affect image quality. I ensured both my phone and case were clean beforehand; even then, results were mixed. With the many flaws I outlined, you might ask yourself why I still like this case. Nothing is perfect, or even close-- not even my Speck Presidio. The case might have its flaws, but I love it nonetheless. I can learn to work around some of the smaller more nitpicky things I mentioned because of the advantages LifeProof offers. Water/dust resistance are required when you live here in West Texas, and LifeProof provides them. Toast Wood (Walnut) ‘Case’ Toast has made a name for itself by offering laser cut real wood ‘cases’ for a multitude of phones, tablets, and PCs. Their cases are not conventional because they use adhesives to stay in place instead of friction. Currently, there are 3 woods offered (Walnut, Ash and Ebony) for more variety. The case I'm reviewing sells for $44 on Toast' website if you include the front panel, $34 without. The Good Design Nothing beats the elegant simplicity of wood. Customization Toast offers 3 different woods (Walnut, Ash, Ebony) along with custom laser engraving if you want to go that route. The Not So Good Design The fitment of certain areas could use a great deal of improvement. Materials Simple sanding, or rounding of the sharp edges would give this case a significantly better feel. Real material cases (wood, carbon fiber, leather etc.) are highly sought after as a luxury accessory by most people. I always enjoy a quality leather or wood case, mainly for the smell (leather), or feel (wood) because it offers something ‘fake’ materials cannot. I’ve tried real leather cases, skins, alongside a random wood one from other companies, I was generally pleased with the outcome, yet I could never use any of them for a prolonged period. While real wood/leather have their own appeal, they come with many drawbacks, too. Toast shares these drawbacks by using an adhesive instead of framing the wood into a case. Installation is no harder than doing a vinyl wrap or screen protector. I followed the instructions, and was able to have my phone covered in wood within 10 minutes. Aesthetically Toast nailed it, but the feel/durability is another story. Wood feels great most of the time, except with this case. I was constantly concerned about getting a splinter due to the rough texture and very sharp edges. Given all of the laser cut wood cases I’ve tried before where this wasn’t an issue, I started to question their intent. I understand how people enjoy a more rugged, natural feel, but there’s a difference between that and razor sharp edges. Some issues were encountered on the corner segments, as they did not fully adhere. I reached out to the Toast rep seeking advice on how to address this after installing my case. I will post an update about their response when representatives come back from the holiday break. Make no mistake when I say my Toast was installed perfectly, so I had an issue when my buttons became hard to press. Toast uses little pieces of wood that go over your buttons. I installed them with tweezers to ensure there was no misalignment whatsoever. I tried to hit my power button and was met with a very spongy response. Buttons should be tactile no matter what, and these lost their touch. Previous Next Another area Toast really could have improved on was their button texture. If Toast mimicked the texture on Google’s Pixel I would be much happier with the case. Finding buttons, let alone these slippery wood ones, was hard enough without any clear way of identifying one from another. Toast also included a front panel in their review sample I was sent. I chose not to install this because I’m using a glass screen protector, and the front wood piece is not compatible with it. Aside from my grips, the Toast still looked great as long as I didn’t use my phone. I cannot recommend their case in this state without some improvements, especially for what they’re charging. Incipio Octane One of my favorite S7 Edge cases made a return this time for the Pixel/Pixel XL. This simple frosted clear case with a selection of colored borders offers great drop protection without compromising style. Incipio offers 4 colors, (black, lavender, grey, pearl blue) all featuring the same frosted back panel. Amazon is the easiest place to purchase the case for around $25 right now in all of the color combinations. The Good Cutouts Adding a black border to the camera cutout eliminates flash issues. Design Frosted cases always have a nice cohesive look without the worry of smudges. The Not So Good Buttons Atrocious, horrible and other words would be a suitable description of how well the buttons do not function. Grip The Octane lost what little grip it had through the use of a different texture wrapping the sides. In the last generation of cases, there was a very nice, subtle tire-like pattern framing the case. This time we are met with a very rough, ribbed texture which detracts from the case's design. I never thought my S7 Edge version was particularly ‘grippy’ yet it was nowhere near as slippery as this one. Don’t let those deep grooves deceive you; even wrapping them in sand paper wouldn’t help. Looking at this case, you can really appreciate how well the two materials from the back and sides seamlessly blend together. Incipio plastered their logo rather obnoxiously on the back, reducing the overall appeal. I didn’t mind their logo as much before, but now it looks bigger, bolder, and more in the way. An inherent flaw of all frosted cases is how they can get scratched from the inside, which ruins their nice look. Inserting your phone in such a way to avoid scraping the back can be quite the challenge. I continued to look for some form of redeeming aspect of this case, only to be met with disappointment at every corner. I don’t know what buttons mean to Incipio because the ones on this case were essentially non-functional. LifeProof takes the cake (the cake is a lie...) for awful buttons, leaving Incipio firmly in second place. After an exhausting search, I found one area that Incipio designed well: cutouts. A lot of companies tend to overlook how clear cases will affect the camera, flash and other rear facing sensors. Incipio remedied this by using a black border around the larger camera cutout, eliminating any potential problem. My Pixel has issues focusing the majority of the time as it stands, even without a case. Thankfully, I did not run into this issue any more than usual while using the Octane. Larger accessory manufacturers can lose sight of what attributes made them successful; sadly, Incipio is the latest victim to this trend. Only a few companies have really stuck to their roots while improving their product line throughout the years. Both Incipio cases I’ve tried for my Pixel have been disappointing (the V20 ones weren’t any better either), as if they lost focus on what makes them great. This post will be continuously updated with more cases as I receive them. Here is a list of cases that will be added in the near future. TBD Be sure to check back soon. 2017/01/09 LifeProof FRE Toast Walnut Incipio Octane 2016/12/14 Google Live Case Diztronic Pixlee Spigen Slim Armor Spigen Tough Armor Spigen NeoHybrid 2016/11/14 Ringke Fusion Incipio Dual Pro Tech 21 Evo Check 2016/11/16 Google Silicone Case SupCase Unicorn Beetle Tags case review Google Pixel Cases Google Pixel XL Cases Pixel acessories Pixel XL accessories subscribe ... Previous Story David's CES 2017 post-mortem: "Just add Wi-Fi" ... Next Story Walmart finally rolls out its Scan & Go app to Android Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Borgman Only real downside to the Spigen Slim Armor is that edges are slippery. Should have put like a thin rubber coating on it to give it some grip. Jon Fridman I agree, that's why the Speck Presidio Grip is my go to case. Spigen has some advantages such as the size, and cost, but if those don't matter you can't go wrong with the Presidio. CJ Diztronic TPU cases have protected my phones over the last handful of years (on almost 2 handfuls of phones). At $10, they are precision cut and provide excellent protection. Downside is that there usually aren't many color choices. Daishi I love my Diztronic TPU cases. I have had them for my Galaxy Nexus, OG Moto X and my 2015 Moto XPE. Dropped each phone from about hip to chest high and no damage to any of those phones. CJ Jon: I've been eyeing the Caseology Vault case--I really like the looks of it. Have you ever tried one from that company? Jon Fridman I have owned a handful of Caseology cases over the years. I wasn't overly thrilled with their cases considering other brands offerings for the same price. CJ Thanks for weighing in on the Caseology brand! MJ I love my Spigen Rugged Armor case for my Pixel XL. You can't beat Spigen for the price. I will say my Really Black Pixel with a black case is boring looking so really hoping to see some case options with some color soon. Suicide_Note Same here. obk88 all you need is the rhino shield crashguard bumper MJ Yep...unless you actually care about your phone at all. Phones have backs which when dropped could be the impact spot. You do know the glass back on the Pixel also scratches easily right? Deathalo The back would be plenty protected if dropped on a relatively flat surface. You plan on smashing it up against a pointy rock? Oh and the same would apply to ANY case if dropped on the screen side, so what does it matter really? MJ People do drop their phones and they land/hit on a rock on the ground, the edge of a stair, or the corner of table. We don't live on a totally flat surface of a world. LOL Screen side? Common sense would dictate the more sides protected the better but screen protectors do exist. Did you miss the part where the back glass scratches real easy? People have been complaining it about all over the web. Anything else I can explain for you? San Diego Dave MJ, I went caseless with my 6P and my iPhone 5 before that, and I can tell you that the backs of both phones looked perfect, while the edges were scratched and nicked all over. Many people never drop their phones (on rocks or otherwise), I never have, but almost everyone I know gets little scratches around the edges for various reasons. So it's not unreasonable to only want a bumper case, and Deathalo is partly right that a bumper would still protect the back from minor falls. Different strokes for different folks. No need to pick fights with people expressing a simple opinion. MJ I don't understand the point of your comment? I didn't say phones don't get nicked up and scratched on the edges or dented at the corners. You have no scratches on the back? Lucky you... I see phones with scratched up and/or cracked backs all the time. Are you making an argument I should remove my case on my phone? You did a really poor job and no thanks. San Diego Dave @oldtimefighter:disqus Nope, that wasn't my point at all. I literally summed up everything for you in one sentence: "So it's not unreasonable to only want a bumper case, and Deathalo is partly right that a bumper would still protect the back from minor falls." How did you get "you shouldn't use a case" out of that? Had I used bumper cases on my iPhone 5 and 6P, they'd be flawless today. So obk88's original post was not unreasonable, and your response - "Not if you care about your phone at all!" - isn't necessarily true. Also obk88's comment could've just been a simple statement of preference, no need to pick fights. A simple - "I prefer a case that covers the back of the phone as well, because I'm always scratching/dropping it, so a bumper won't do the job" - would've sufficed. ;) Nathan Smith The bumper goes completely around the sides of the phone, so it would be completely fine hitting the edge of a stair, the edge of a curb, etc. The edge would make contact with the case at two points, and absolutely no part of the device would be directly hit. You'd have to be pretty damn unlucky to break the phone, and most people would take that tradeoff for the ergonomics. MJ What? Do you not understand that we live in a 3D world? Phones have a back side dude! Metal dents and scratches fairly easy. Bumpers offer minimal protection and if that is good enough for you fine but NOT for me. They make full cases that are pretty slim and offer better protection which is a better value for my money. Period. End of story. David Ruddock And a big welcome to Jon, who has committed his extensive experience evaluating phone cases to this article! Peter Silie And I already thought hey, this name doesn't sound familiar! :D Artem Russakovskii It should if you read comments and G+. He's a frequent commenter. Đức Thành I didn't notice the new name before I read on for a bit and wondered, "wait, has AP ever a phone case enthusiast?" Then I scrolled up and went "ooh." Artem Russakovskii Welcome, Jon! Jon Fridman Thank you Artem! Omari Gordon What screen protector are you using? Jon Fridman I have some cheap Supershieldz one on still. My Pixel will be transitioning over to the Intelliarmor version once it ships out. JTC Did you install the intelliarmor? Does it show a halo? Jon Fridman I installed their 'pro' model, no halo or issues so far. Bikram Agarwal ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ But does this Jon know anything or he too knows nothing? Artem Russakovskii Looks like he knows a few things. Sumeet Deshmukh We know that he knows a lot about cases Đức Thành Do you know that thanks to this comment now I know that we know that he knows a lot about cases. Sumeet Deshmukh That's what I do! I drink and I know things mustbepbs Woo! Welcome Jon! Martim Welcome to the team, Jon! wickets im using a pleson.....small profile and fits nicely. kept my 6p out of harms way for 12 months......thats a huge feat right there...anyway, surprised it isnt on your 'near future' list David Ruddock I'm sure Jon would be happy to hear some recommendations. After all, there are roughly eleventy billion case manufacturers out there. Jon Fridman I owned a clear Pleson case for my Nexus 6P. In my experience the case had buttons that were overly stiff therefore rendering it virtually useless to me. I'm always open to trying new cases, but generally I won't buy the same case if I had an issue with it earlier unless the manufacturer addressed the issue(s). Lucas Laws Any chance of adding the Incipio Carnaby to your list? JSo I always end up taking my case off my phones because I like how they feels better without one. Screen Protectors are a must have though. Jeff Beck I feel the same way about pants. Zack How are screen protectors a must? I've never scratched the front of a phone in years. JSo Anything that protects the screen should be a must in my opinion. That's the one thing on a phone that you need. The casing around everything is not as important and, in some cases, easily replaceable. If you drop your phone face down, the screen protector can take most of the hit. And if that gets messed up, that's easier and cheaper to replace than a full screen. ClearlyYoureWrong Hooray, you! SlenderSniper Is Seidio not doing a case for the Pixel or XL? rcllcr Great article. Would appreciate if you could add the official google silicone case to this review: https://store.google.com/product/pixel_case_silicone Jon Fridman I've thought about buying one seeing how only the bottom is exposed. I can deal with one open note, not two like on their clear case. If I do get one, you will see it on my upcoming reviews list. Felix I would appreciate that too! And the Google Live Cases too! :) Brett I've been surprised that neither Spigen nor Ringke are making slim fit, semi-rubberized (Nexus 5-like) cases this time around. And supposedly Spigen isn't planning to: https://www.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/5akq79/spigen_has_no_plans_on_releasing_a_thin_fit_case/. The alternatives I've found are compromised in one way or another. The Bear Motion sand case doesn't provide sufficient coverage (particularly at the top and bottom), and the material doesn't seem to fit the bill--it's sandy but not rubberized: https://www.amazon.com/Ultra-Slim-Case-Google-Pixel/dp/B01M0NBJ79/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1478033658&sr=8-1&keywords=Bear+Motion+Pixel The Maxboost mSnap is close but doesn't seem to be the right material (smooth and matte, so not much to grip), and the button cutouts don't look great: https://www.amazon.com/Maxboost-Perfect-Anti-Slip-Excellent-Protective/dp/B01M3MQCG0/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1477942297&sr=8-1&keywords=Google+Pixel+Case+-TPU+-iPhone Any alternatives in this class I haven't considered? Any insight into whether Spigen or Ringke will eventually make one? Cory Wilson Yeah I don't get that either. I actually am rocking one on my Nexus 6p now and love it Gytole I can't get off of the official 6P case, it just feels so nice IUse2Phones I have the Maxboost mSnap and like it. For TPU cases, I've always gone Diztronic. For slim cases, I like Ringke Slim. Hope they decide to make one. Suicide_Note I've had the Spigen Rugged Armor on my XL from day one. Looks good, but most importantly keeps the phone well protected. Jarrett Lennon Kaufman I still prefer my phone bare, but that Spigen is fantastic. It arrived a day before my phone and I use it whenever I'm in a situation where I expect to need the coverage, and other than making the phone bigger overall (which just makes it feels so much smaller when I take the case off), it's incredibly easy to get used to. ONLY complaint I have is my pinkie fits into, and rubs against, the cut-out groove for charging, which is uncomfortable. Otherwise it's a great case. Kurt John may want to ease up on the Otter hate. His commentary (including a personal note) about not liking Otter undermines the credibility of the review. David Ruddock I agree with Jon that Otterbox is substantially overhyped and overpriced largely because of brand recognition. They're "the" rugged case OEM, sort of the Under Armour of cases. As he points out, there's basically the same protection to be had at a substantially lower price - with a lot less bulk - unless you absolutely must have port covers. I'm not saying Otterbox is all hype, and I don't think Jon did, either. He gave the case a fair shake. Kurt I would say the article was unbiased if his claims that the other cases offer the same protection was backed up with some tests performed to validate the statement. Show me a test where they both fail at the same point of impact. The only example provided was a sample N of 1 saying "the Speck never broke for me". Word choice like "trivial" and "comical" give him away. Jon Fridman I would absolutely love to do a drop test, unfortunately I also can't sacrifice my phone if the tests got the best out of my Pixel XL. I can ask each company for procedures used when establishing their claim and see where that gets us. Jon Fridman I understand where you're coming from, but I did purchase the case to use not for a review earlier in October. I shared my personal view, and other information in the review to give people a better overall understanding. I want to make if clear that no special treatment was given to any case, nor was I asked to say/not say anything. I'm always open to trying different cases regardless of my initial feelings toward the oem, design etc. The Spigen Rugged Armor and Speck Presidio Grip both offer 'militaty grade'drop protection in s amich smaller package. Otterbox is the only only with a holster and true front protection as I noted in my review giving them a slight advantage at the price of added bulk. You're certainly welcome to disagree with me, I'm by no means the final say on any product, case or other accessory. I ordered a view stemming from my experiences, opinion and factual information the best I could. I will keep your comment in mind for when I add future reviews. Lando I'm curious about why you wouldn't compare the cases above to the otterbox commuter. I've had them for 3 phones, and they don't seem to have much more bulk than the spiegen case I looked at, and the port covers are definitely handy. And at about $40, it's not like they're crazy overpriced Jon Fridman I don't have the commuter, although generally I would agree depending on what Spigen case. Personally I'm waiting on LifeProof (OtterBox) to release their case hopefully before the new year. blindexecutioner The google clear case would have been so much better if the entire thing was matte. I bought one and promptly returned it due to the rainbowing effect. I can confirm it does scratch really easily too. Just wiping it off created all sorts of very faint scratches/swirl marks. San Diego Dave I also returned it. It was a flimsy piece of plastic. I expect that from a $7 case on Amazon, not a $30 case from Google. ClearlyYoureWrong You should expect it from any glossy, clear, plastic case, period. San Diego Dave Nice name, haha. I've had hard plastic cases that were nicer in the past, but they were kind of thick. This Google one is way too thin, which is why it feels extra flimsy and cheap. Anyway I got the Spigen Liquid Crystal case and it's perfect (and only $14). Nick Gangemi I have the Spiegen clear case, and it is much better. Doesn't scratch easily at all and doesn't show mark very easily either. person I'm a fan of the silicone case. Crazy soft, reasonably grippy, sturdy and minimalist. Paired a white XL with a grey case for a panda look. Đức Thành A phone case enthusiast. Wow. Does AP aim to have it all? Just like Google? Ahem, back on topic. That Spigen case looks really sweet. And if I'm correct, they made some nice Nexus 5 case as well. Maybe I'll just buy that one for my N5 and pretend that it's a new phone case for the new Pixel I own (I actually don't). Sob. EnerJi How important are screen protectors these days? I've run case-less for a couple of years and suffered for it with a couple of cracked screens. With my next phone (likely a Pixel XL, if it gets a decent sale) I'm planning to put it in a case. I'm willing to consider a screen protector as well, but is Gorilla Glass so scratch resistant that it's unnecessary? (I would never intentionally put my phone in a pocket with keys or coins, but of course, mistakes and accidents happen.) Perhaps most importantly to me, would they negatively impact the touch latency of the Pixel? JSo I've been using Tempered Glass screen protectors for a little while now. Before, I just used generic ones. But the glass ones are really nice. In my experience, they don't take anything away from the use or look of the screen. Protection-wise, I'd rather have it than not. If something cracks or scratches, I'd rather it be the protector than the actual screen. Jon Fridman I would say they're very important, especially in my line of work. I've already noticed micro scratches on my fingerprint scanner, so I couldn't imagine what my screen would look like after 2 weeks. blakeleeper @jonfridman:disqus Nice Article. I currently use the Spigen Neo Hybrid on my XL. BTW Which TGSP do you use? Jon Fridman Thank you! I currently have a cheap one off Amazon made by SuperShieldz until I can find something a little better. jonathan3579 Do you have the link to it? Jon Fridman I'm currently using an cheap SuperShieldz one from Amazon. The TGSP isn't what I would call great fyi. It covers the screen with no halo that's all that matters. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01LZT3PGR/ref=yo_ii_img?ie=UTF8&psc=1 mustbepbs Excellent article. I love posts that review cases for phones that just came out. It's hard to wade through YT videos to find good case reviews. Abhishek Saral Rhinoshield Crashguard Bumper all the way!🙌 Michael Sullivan Ditto, really liking it. Only wish the buttons were not so hard to push but not a big enough of an issue to not use this Bumper. Robert Butler I can't stand mine. Ports are too small, buttons are bad, and my phone doesn't sit level on my desk anymore. Jon Fridman I see the button issues from the Nexus 6P version hasn't been addressed then. Robert Butler I think they are worse! Thomas Jensen The buttons can be fixed nicely if you use the small blunt end of something like a chopstick. You push and stretch the power and volume buttons out then in stretching them several times with medium pressure. Do it on both ends and both sides. It will loosen them up and will work great. (just don't push too hard w the stick and break it). Try it. You will be happy! Good_Ole_Pinocchio This is why I love this site. Always going to extra mile. A lot of other blogs would just give you their "Here's a list of the best cases we never reviewed with referral links" BevansDesign A lot of other blogs HAVE done that. Jeez there are a lot of garbage sites to wade through. This article is like a sharp, shiny needle in a monetization haystack. Tomfoolery Seriously. AP has shown themselves to be the only Android news blog that takes itself seriously. They consistently produce new, useful, substantiated content. I don't see many other android journalists (or even other journalists in other fields) do as fantastic of a job as you guys do. The APK teardowns, fantastic sources of information. Don't see others doing this. You don't just post "Oh boy i think this is happening rumor rumor rumor." You go through the code line by line to see what it could mean. That's dedication. Every week, the "x apps of the week." Awesome! What a great way to find apps. Original reviews, insightful and honest opinions, I love it! All other general news. Always original content. Rarely do I see recycled "this rumor happened" and "this is coming out" like I do from literally every other blog. Getting to know Android x.x.x. Perfect. Probably my favorite recurring thing on any blog ever. Basically, what I'm trying to say, is thank you so much for putting out actual content. Thank you for not trying to get pageviews from "hot" titles and "latest rumors!" Thank you for trying to get pageviews from writing solid articles and putting thought into almost every post. Seriously, I love you guys. I hope you can tell from all the upvotes and how many of your stories hit the front page! But even still, I wanted to let you know how absolutely grateful I am (and we all are)! Stick around, and keep up the fantastic work! We don't take it for granted, even if it might seem like it sometimes! tl,dr; I LOVE YOU ANDROID POLICE! THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING! <3 Derek R Thanks Jon! I've had the Presidio sitting in my VZW cart for a while now. Read this article and pulled the trigger. Currently alternating between the Spigen Rugged Armor and Maxboost Liquid Skin. Both are decent. I was really excited about the Rhinoshield Crashguard Bumper. Got it in yesterday and was less than impressed. It doesn't flow with the phone at all. Tapered edges make the bottom of the phone look like its going to pop right out. Looks awkward and feels odd in my hand. wire141 Presidio isn't as grippy as the candy shell but it's close. Love mine! Ordered silicone grey from Google to check it out. I find it to slippery for me. Received today, waiting for email to return. Thanks for the article Jon! Jon Fridman I wasn't thrilled with my RhinoShield either when I had my Nexus 6P. The buttons on it were awful in addition to the bumper being larger than comparable cases like the Rugged Armor. Speck did an excellent job with their Presidio which isn't something I say lightly about cases. I can be very picky when it comes to what cases I will actually use not just buy. Right now I alternate between the Rugged Armor and Presidio depending on what I feel like using. Nexus Ordered the rugged armor one from Spigen. Love it! _jsw_ Excellent article, and welcome, Jon! Spigen case: ordered. I'm curious: have you found or heard rumor of any decent wallet cases or at least flip cases like the Nexus 6P Folio? I had one of those (the official Folio) on my 6P (since given to my brother, post-Pixel XL purchase), and I miss it. Well made, classy look, excellent screen protection. I've yet to find something similar for the XL. Jeff Badger Case-Mate has one; though, it is $60. http://www.case-mate.com/collections/google-cases-and-covers/products/wallet-folio-black-leather _jsw_ Excellent - thanks. A bit pricey for me, but I'll keep it in mind! Evan When I purchased my Pixel at the Verizon Store the salesman gave me large selection of cases to look through, one being a wallet case... I couldn't tell you the brand or anything else but they are out there. It should be noted though that I have a standard pixel so the case may not be made for the XL asian_slaw What screen protector do you have on your Pixel? Shane Curious about this as well. Still trying to find a good one. _jsw_ Thirded. Krups My Yootech screen protector (https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01LY8LVSB) looks similar to this one. This might be the same one. Edit: Pictures - https://goo.gl/photos/FF7F1vYegbWd8qRB9 Jon Fridman Please see the comment above Bob Does no one miss the rubberized Adopted case for the Nexus 6P??? It was slim yet very durable and protective. jawsnnn Question... Isn't the glass window supposed to be there because of all the sensors etc... If so, will the phones with cases covering that area function as well as a naked phone? BTW, excellent review! _jsw_ As long as the case is transparent to electromagnetic waves (as all of these are), there won't be issues. Metal cases would cause problems if they covered the necessary areas of the back/sides. ×XWreckTeamX× Love the software of the pixel I hate the way that phone looks though its so ugly!!! sgtguthrie I won't buy a case without a kickstand anymore. I used to always buy Seidio, but they're taking too long to release cases. I think it'll be Spigen Slim Armor for my XL. Denis Wagner You typed something twice on the spigen case part: "but it can also be found for $13.99 (as I'm writing this) on but it can also be found for $13.99 (as I'm writing this) on Amazon." Jon Fridman Thank you, it should be fixed now. Thankfully Rita didn't see it first ;) jonathan3579 Who made that TGSP? The fitment looks about perfect! Tom Luley Would love to know as well. Jon Fridman I'm currently using an cheap SuperShieldz one from Amazon. The TGSP isn't what I would call great fyi. It covers the screen with no halo that's all that matters. https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01LZT3PGR/ref=yo_ii_img?ie=UTF8&psc=1 tom_roars Rocking the Spigen Slim Armor on the Pixel XL.Love it Cory S I'd like to see a test on the effects of thermal throttling with, and without a case. Especially with some of these really thick rubbery cases. Give it a shot on a 810 device to really see if it has any major difference. T4rd I've been a big fan of Supcase Beetle on my past few phones. My M8 and 6P took some insane falls with it, 2 from a roller coaster and carnival ride, and weren't damaged at all. For the minimal bulk they add, their protection is stellar. https://www.amazon.com/SUPCASE-Unicorn-Premium-Protective-Release/dp/B01M8KBFFP/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid=1478195296&sr=8-2&keywords=supcase+pixel slurivariv The Spigen Case with the Kickstand is my case of choice. Sooo good. Preben Nielsen We need more cases that can hide that ugly back with the glass.... MrCalifornia I just got my diztronic. It's exactly like the one I had on my 6P and it's perfect. Simple and smallish. Martin B. I just love, that Ringke is still adding opening for small strap for their Fusion cases. I found it accidentally, when I bought mine for Nexus 5, and with it on hand, its impossible to drop phone during taking photos or other activities. Are there any other case, which have this feature? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/ced021331f97beeb38f90ce5ca9f9201386118ddcaf29bae0cd6e16547f3cf96.jpg Abhi I like Spigen, they have a lot of simple but elegant looking cases without too much going on. SHunter You can get it in any color, so long as its black. Henry Pham Part of the attraction, for me, to buying a Pixel is I'd be able to buy the $99 2 year drop insurance from Google so that I'd be able to go case free with less worry. And then there's the $150 screen replacement at a repair chain. Like the article says, buying from Google should hopefully provide better customer support later. Tired_Guy Anyone else using the headphones made for Project Fi and the Nexus 6? White, have a plug in for a 2nd person? Big round base that no case will allow to work. Had similar issues with cases that won't handle well a 90 degree plus or where teh hole is simply too small to allow full connection. The Spigen I got for my Pixel XL lets the Project Fi headphones work but it's on the edge of popping out. (The fact that headphone inline volume up triggers the assistant is an irritation for another time.) BetterWithRoot I am currently using the Rhinoshield (https://rhinoshield.io/collections/google-pixel-google-pixel-xl). The texture is decent, the buttons are a bit harder to press, but if you 'stretch' the buttons out it makes it a lot better to use. I like being able to feel the open back and glass of the phone. I had a bumper case on my Moto-X that I loved, so this case is just what i wanted. I am a bit worried about the open back, as the moto-X had the leather which looked better as it weathered. One issue i found with the Rhinoshield is the supplied USB-B to USB-C is a bit thicker and have to give it a slight push, the USB-C to USB-C fits like a glove, no additional pushing. Both mine and my lady's pixel exhibit this issue. I wonder if the size of the cable is slightly smaller for the Type C to Type C. AOSPrevails I love Spigen Touch Armor, $5 more than the Rugged armor case with a hard back & a kickstand. John Misoulis @jonfridman:disqus, you should try the Spigen Ultra Hybrid Google Pixel Case. i got it from Amazon for $20 for my Pixel XL and love it. It looks and feels like a cross between a hard case and a rubber case. the only thing i wish i could find is a plug for the USB-C port. Jon Fridman I should be reviewing quite a few Spigen cases shortly. I'll add them to the upcoming list once I know which ones. climbhigher I have the "made by Google - clear" case on my pixel right now as I type on it. I sent a message to support on the Google store earlier this afternoon about how incredibly poor quality this case actually is. I agree with the entire review and would like to add that the clear top part attracts scratches unlike any phone case I have ever used. Could have bought 3 better quality cases on Amazon for $30... Matthew Benyamin I originally got the clear case by Google, but I hated it. It got scratched as soon as I set it down. I ended up replacing it with the Spigen rugged armor and have no regrets. I like that it keeps the look on the back and the body lines of the phone. I am also a huge fan of the power button texture. Can you guys add one of those rhino bumper cases to your review line up too? Fatty Bunter Guh...all those cases except the clear google one just look offensive to my eyes. Those poor beautiful pixels may as well be HTC Thunderbolts under there. Michael Sørensen Con for all: ugly as sin Nicholas Matranga Nice to see a grat selction Danny Alvarez You should add the Neo Hybrid from Spigen in here. I bought it and it's very good, good protection and best of all, they have a blue version that matches the Really Blue from the Pixels and looks really nice. http://www.spigen.com/products/neo-hybrid-google-pixel-xl-case?variant=27822451009 leganzish "This marks the first time that Otterbox (the company that also owns Lifeproof) has made a case for a Google device." Maybe you're not considering Nexus phones to be Google devices here. Otterbox definitely has made Nexus cases in the past. Don't think they've done so recently, but I had an Otterbox on my Galaxy Nexus. https://www.amazon.com/OtterBox-Defender-Series-Samsung-Galaxy/dp/B006JO232E Lawrence Pixel phone is so uninspiring. The glass on the back is awful, the finger print sensor should be on front. Huge bezels. Come on. Adam Margeson The iP7 phone is so uninspiring. Same bland boring look it's had for years, just with a second camera and missing home button. And some people like the fingerprint sensor being on the back, thank you. Lawrence I got the 5X for a two weeks and unlocking it while at my desk was painful. I gave the phone away and got my Note 3 back with front home button and delayed lock. Adam Margeson So, then the 5X and Pixel aren't for you. We get that. You've posted your thoughts on them in nearly every article for the last several months, and I can't quite figure out if you're an Apple fanboi [sic] or just a run-of-the-mill troll. Most of the rest of us are reasonably impressed with Google's latest offering. Sure, it could still use some refinement, but for a first-run "Google" phone, it's definitely headed in the right direction. Hopefully next year's device will shut you up. Lawrence No I'm not an Apple fan. I have a note 3and owned at least 4 nexus. I'm just trying to bring the Pixel down to its value which is around 375 for thr xl version, then I'll buy it and deal with the bad placed fingerprint reader and rest my Starbucks coffee on its bezel. Adam Margeson Add wireless charging back in and this thing easily is worth more than my N5 when I first bought it for $400 (32GB). Better build, way better camera, etc... The N5 was initially called a boring look, yet it's still being used as the device silhouette for most screenshots, even outside of Google. I'd start it closer to $500 (for the base storage) as a reasonable compromise. I can see this phone lasting 3 or 4 years if treated nicely. Saying that you want this quality of a phone for $375 over-values the budget "flagship killers" who do cut important corners, including software updates, crappy user experience, non-optimized camera (taking a great sensor and putting it in without setting it up, ala OP3 and others), etc. Have you taken your high-school economics course yet, or did you already fail it? JohnyNoLegs I keep double tapping the screen on my wifes Note4 and it doesn't wake up, then go to unlock it and it takes what feels like 10 years. Nexus 5X unlocks far quicker, and it now has double tap to wake. So it trumps the note 3. Zack Or just buy insurance and don't drop your phone :D Naked baby. ClearlyYoureWrong If you don't drop your phone and you've never cracked a screen why should you, Zack, purchase insurance? icethegreat Ish happens Nizar Noor Hi guys. If you tweet @Caudabe https://twitter.com/Caudabe they might want to consider making a case for Pixel. They're iPhone cases are great - very slim and durable. San Diego Dave I purchased the clear case from Google and returned it for a refund immediately. It's flimsy plastic with no grip. Definitely not worth $30. I just got the Spigen Liquid Crystal case (clear), and it's perfect. Very slim, very grippy, and only $14. thereasoner Went with the Spigen myself. It was one of the first ones available and because I pre-ordered on day one and got my Pixel 2 days early, I needed a case right away. It's a quality soft case but I like the slim hard shell Spigen usually. Chris Vander Maas I'd like to know what he does for his full time job to necessitate needing a case, tbh reading case reviews from someone that gives the impression of not properly taking care of a device, seems a bit off to me. Is this for the people who insist on walking over concrete staring down at the phone and not paying attention to the world around? I've never broken a phone and I've been using smartphones since before iOS and Android Not for you A few more slim/thin cases would be nice. Any chance you can mention how much bulk the cases add? i.e. how wide & tall are they? Felix Yeah,I would appreciate that too! For me a case must be as thin as possible. Brandon What is the glass screen protector you're using? I can't find one that actually covers the entire screen. The one at this IMG specifically looks like it actually covers the screen properly. https://www.androidpolice.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/nexus2cee_IMG_0590-2.jpg JohnyNoLegs Its not a glass one I bet. Can't get that coverage with a glass one. Volodesi Spigen always makes good cases. It's all I've used for my past three phones. thomas sim Waiting for Slim Armor, had one on my N5 and love it. Tronsmart Welcome Jon! mjl99 not a fan of cases but i liked this article. Thanks for serving too. Merkin McGee https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01LWWLAYY/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&psc=1 Got one of those. I have had a variation of the same case on every phone I have had since the Galaxy Nexus. Just a simple TPU case. has a nice grip due to the texture on the sides. Doesn't slip out of the hand so it doesn't really fall. bravo2wo Have you evaluated the cases available from Ringke?? I use their Fusion model on my Samsung S7E and am very happy; especially given the low price. bravo2wo Duh, just saw it on your list of "to be evaluated", sorry! I did just just order an Onyx model and am anxiously awaiting its arrival. Frank Duque As a long RhinoShield supporter, I say they should be added to your list of reviews. Thank you for your time Evan Great article! Originally I wanted to get a blue pixel but they were sold out at the Verizon store I went to. Ended up getting the silver instead and in the long run I definitely think that will help me out with getting cases. With a blue one I would have all but had to get a clear case to showcase the color! With the silver I'm a little less concerned with that so I've got a nice looking case on here. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/2c8d81971259efbcd3b582e944707b74f9a5cb1cc07253c559638d0653ec348a.jpg RuR Can you add Spigem Though Armor? cbryancan I started with the Google branded hard clear plastic and was disappointed by the way it looks like it "sticks" to the glass on the upper back. Just got the Spigen Liquid Crystal and I am very happy with it so far. Usually I don't like soft materials, but it fits well and gives the phone it a nice tacky surface to hold onto without being obtrusive or bulky. Enrique Can you also review some tempered glass screen protectors? There are a lot of bad reviews on Amazon because most of them don't cover the entire screen Jon Fridman Reviewing TGSP's would be fun, but at the same time it can be difficult. I'm not sure what I'll be reviewing, or writing next, so I'll keep your request in mind. abc The first two cases are ugly af. ryraansh Can you do the Incipio Carnaby? It looks pretty nice: https://www.incipio.com/cases/smartphone-cases/google-smartphone-cases-accessories/google-pixel-cases/carnaby-google-pixel-case.html Nathaniel Carter I already ordered but maybe add this caseology case to the mix? http://amzn.to/2fsi4z8 DKS The phone is big enough as-is. I tried an Obliq TPU case but it just made the phone feel too bulky. The best for me so far has been the BearMotion case with a Sandstone texture like on the OnePlus phones. It's thin so it doesn't offer much in the way of drop protection but it provides a good grip and scratch protection. I'd like to see some 'skins' reviewed with those same qualities in mind. Jon Fridman Are you asking whether or not I'll review thin 'barely there' cases like Spigen's Thin Fit (if they made one for the Pixel/Pixel XL)? I'm open to adding some thinner ones in the future. Personally I find the phone too small given how I also use a V20 for work daily. On that note I understand where you're coming from because not everyone enjoys larger phones. Try Thinking I disagree with your take on the tech21 case's cutouts. It's actually a good thing that they have a less precise camera cutout. If those cutouts are too tight you get does screwing with the laser autofocus. This seems to be a growing problem with the Spiegen case. Thanks for the reviews! Jon Fridman I've used the camera often enough with both cases, and had no issues myself. The laser is not blocked by the case, nor does it come close to covering the return port. If you're experiencing an issue, or if it's more widespread (I'm not saying it is), then I will consider making a note in the review. I'm glad you enjoyed the reviews thus far, more will be coming shortly. Try Thinking Hey Jon, The problem isn't so much that the case itself is blocking the laser, but that the cutout is so small that dust quickly accumulates in the cutout and blocks the laser, and you have to remove the case to clean it. Here's a link to people describing the issue on Reddit: https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.reddit.com/r/GooglePixel/comments/5ctfvs/your_case_is_likely_causing_your_auto_focusing/ Looking forward to more of your reviews and thanks for the response! Jon Fridman Thank you for the link. I'm overly OCD about dust on my phone which is why I always carry a microfiber cloth no matter where I go. I can see dust being an issue only if your phone is constantly dirty. I live in West Texas where you can wash your car and have it look horrible in 5 minutes or less. I haven't experienced the issue myself, but I can a statement addressing that. Another way to remove the dust without taking your phone out of the case is to use canned air, or blow on it? I have an issue with dust getting into the top speaker grill more than I do on the laser (similar issue). Orlando aka Pixel XL i just like to go raw dog, i just dont feel safe that way, ZING! kennethreynolds8 Thanks Jon for doing the leg work for us, greatly appreciated dude. Jon Fridman You're welcome, I hope you enjoy the reviews. I will post more early next week assuming the cases arrive. Sachin Bahal What material is the Pixel XL Case by Google - Clear made from? Is it TPU, silicone or is it a hard plastic? Jon Fridman I believe it's some sort of polycarbonate judging by the thickness, rigidity and how the material feels. op12 Yep, that's also what Google lists on the product detail page. https://store.google.com/product/pixel_xl_case_clear b00sted I have the Spigen Clear TPU. Had The Damn Rainbow effect but i like clear so can see the dbrand and I tossed a club sticker behind the case. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6aceda2332b5ac48a3d2224f1825b6039a6e5f8524cf24d87270175e3a72f9e8.jpg Not for you PSA - someone on xda-dev has noted focusing issues with the Spigen Rugged Armor: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=69637754&postcount=21 It sounds like Spigen will be revising the cutouts. Kyle Brabender I had the tech21 case. i laughed when i read your comment about the power button. It's so true. I moved to the spiegen crystal case. so much better. Jon Fridman The more I use Tech 21's case the more I notice these issues. I picked my phone up as my alarm went off and couldn't hit the buttons to shut it off, yes it's that bad. Impulse_Vigil Loving these reviews, there's a couple in here I had looked at with trepidation and the reviews give me good cause to steer clear. Looking forward to that Diztronic Pixlee review as it's caught my eye, I'm happy with everything about the Spigen Rugged Armor but want something more colorful for day to day use. I had several solid cases from them in the past too. Any chance you'll review some of these new fangled (to me) 2-piece cases? I'm not sure if having a plastic bumper around TPU case really adds any protection but they certainly make for an interesting look. I'm alluding to the likes of the Spigen Neo Hybrid (only for the XL thus far), Caseology Parallax series, and Orzly AirFrame. Cruzerlite's TPU cases might be worth a look too (there's two back designs, one with covered buttons and one without), tho for me they're a known quantity; about as solid as Diztronic's IMO. Jon Fridman I should have a number of Spigen cases on the way including the NeoHybrid. Once whose arrive I'll voice my opinions on each one. Concerning the Caseology and Orzly cases I won't be getting those unless something changes. Impulse_Vigil Looking forward to it! I actually emailed Spigen a few weeks ago asking about the Neo Hybrid for the smaller Pixel and they replied (really quickly) that it was coming but they didn't have an ETA... I've been meaning to email them again, because the Neo Crystal came out since then, and I'm not quite sure if that's what they meant... Without having seen them in person, I much prefer the look of the regular Neo. Not crazy about clear TPU myself (reminds me of couches with vinyl wraps), it tends to yellow more noticeably, and the plastic back on the Crystal Neo seems like it'd make it bulkier. Anyway, carry on with the great work! Few case reviews are as incisive but to the point as these, they usually read like adverts and have little basis for comparison. Having one writer review several is great IMO. Ryan I bought the Incipio Octane for my 5". It's awesome. Jon Fridman I'm considering the Octane case. Back when I had a S7 Edge and HTC 10, the Octane was great. I expect Incipio to maintain their good reputation for that case unless some changes were made. T4rd Shame about the new Supcase design. They've been my fav cases on my previous two phones (One M8 and 6P). They are pretty much perfect on those phones. I had my M8 fall from a roller coaster mid-loop with the UB and it was still perfect somehow after landing on some loose concrete. So I've been a big fan of them since then. Jon Fridman SupCase had a very unique design before this generation. Now we are left with a boring, mediocre looking brick that doesn't stand our anymore. I would like to see them revert back to the N6/6P styles personally. ericlee Good review thank youuuu! :D Jon Fridman Thank you, more cases will be added in the coming week. NinoBr0wn Was it mentioned anywhere in the article what screen protector that is? Jon Fridman I didn't mention the one in using in the write up, but I did a few times in the comments. I wouldn't recommend it unless you really need one and don't mind not having your whole screen covered (the actual display not the front). It's a Super Shieldz one from Amazon that I've been too lazy to replace lately. NinoBr0wn Oh ok then. I haven't been able to find one that covers the entire screen, and I'm guessing that because of the 2.5D glass. I could use my Liquid Armor for scratches, but I wanted one with drop protection. Erik O Any chance you can take a look at Obliq cases? Neat looking designs https://obliqproduct.com/products/google-pixel-case-flex-pro or https://obliqproduct.com/products/google-pixel-case-slim-meta?variant=28018622529 Robert Butler Is it too much to ask for a backless bumper with the textured power button? Come on google, lets get the accessory game on point. SAM Bump up the brightness in pics. Cases are not easily visible. broken42 I'd suggest the Caseology Parallax for the list, I have it and it's great. Anfronie Good lord those all suck. JPJ Thanks for the thorough look. I went with the Spigen case. It was readily available and fairly cheap. I like it. Adam Margeson I hate using cases on phones because they've already gotten to be too large for proper one-handed use, but the Spigen case is a comforting experience. It doesn't add much in the way of bulk, but it really keeps my mind at ease that I'm not going to shatter something the first time I drop it. Watcharapong Dokmai try rhinoshield you will love it :) get it here >>> http://www.ebay.com/itm/201722023016 Jon Fridman Thank you for the recommendation, but I will not be reviewing the Evolutive Rhino Shield bumper. My experience with their bumper was extremely poor with my Nexus 6, and I would prefer not to have a repeat of that. Orlando aka Pixel XL Dont review it, I used the case and it doesn't fit the factory charger plug. Lunkman The one I received fits just fine- I think it's great- and I typically keep my phones naked. Perhaps the one you received simply had a manufacturing defect? ALEX P. Thanks for the reviews. Does anyone know when the LifeProof cases will be available? Jon Fridman I have no idea when it's due to be released. I'm going to order one whenever they become available given the industry I work in. The one downside I can see from the start is how no TGSP will fit under the built in screen protector. When the case goes up for preorder I'll add it to my upcoming list. PiGSeL I just received the Speck Presidio Grip for my Pixel XL and I'm pretty unhappy with it. The polycarbonate side grips are very hard - I find them uncomfortable. The USB cutout is also sharp, which is a big problem for pinky resting. I will probably send it back in favor of the Diztronic TPU. Mike Dillinger i'm new to your site. I have a very blue pixel and am looking for a glass screen protector for it. I got one from the verizon store where I got my phone, but its starting to slowly come off at the edges. BTW I have the Speidio clear case and love it. Eric Horchuck Great review, thanks! FYI... I'm pretty sure that Google started selling cases for the Nexus 4. I remember that I wanted their "bumper case" but it was out of stock. Ben Rees I'm using the Cruzerlite Androidified case. Love it. Great protection and the look and feel is great. Amir I got Maxboost mSnap and Caseology Parallax for my XL, and I think both deserve to hold top spot on this article. lara141 Here’s the tutorial to solve the problems of your google pixele & To unlock the device when you forgot Pattern,Pin,Password.. http://www.mobiles6.com/how-to-reset-google-pixel-xl.html Gerald Mark Is this list sort of in order by best to worst? There's no way to be exact, and I also can get a really good idea of what case to try regardless, but I'm unsure between the first 3 or so. Thank goodness I didn't grab a case from Google. I knew they were overpriced but realizing they barely do their job too besides looking good is sad. I'm waiting till I finally get the XL I ordered for the fear of this easily scratched phone to really set in, then I'll choose a case. I know how to be SUPER careful in the meantime. Thanks for a super in depth review of cases for a phone, it was also a little entertaining. CC Any idea when this is getting updated next? I've been really looking forward to the Diztronic review! Jon Fridman Good news, I published the update. I've been a little busy at work due to some downsizing, departmental changes etc. supersanborn Ironic, I was just thinking that it felt like my Diztronic was not holding its shape super well despite looking great. Would be curious to know the top pics of all these cases at some point. Maybe like best of looks, best of protection, best of grip? Jon Fridman I can add my recommendations once it's all said and done. I'm waiting on Lifeproof to release their FRE case first. The Incipio Octane review should be added later this week too, although I prefer adding them in batches. supersanborn Thank you! Jon Fridman You're welcome Impulse_Vigil Really? Mine is like 5 months old now and I feel it's held its shape better than any other TPU case I've ever had... It's actually still really tight around the volume buttons, which is usually the first place they start to loosen up. Granted I tend not to swipe right against the edge out of habit (for years now)... The one place where I'm noticing some give on mine is at the top, and it's actually when I push in on it (or down if I'm holding the phone normally). My guess is the top has expanded a little due to the drag it's constantly experiencing from me pulling the phone out of my pocket (specially when seated), as I almost always always store my phone top-first in pocket (upside down). I've got a second one (bought teal first then orange once they came back in stock post Christmas), should try slap it on and see if it feels much snugger. Michael Carlyle "large camera cutout" - con I'd rather have that than the autofocus issues with all the Spigens... Jon Fridman I've noticed the issue with both large, and small camera cutouts. Because of this, I believe the issue is somewhat independent of the cutout size. It could be due to dirt, or other factors too. Edit: For the record, only two cases consistently have that issue: The Spigen Slim Armor, and Tech 21 EVO Check. Andrew Wilson I got the Caseology Parallax the other day and I am really liking it so far. The textured back has a really good grip to it but manages a more stylish look than a lot of the other options. In addition to adding a color accent, the ABS ring over the TPU gives a nice rigidity in the places your fingers naturally rest (something I didn't realized bothered me about my TPU only case until it was gone). The ports are plenty large and the ring around the fingerprint scanner has a nice slope to it, sort of funneling your finger to the right place. I don't know how it will hold up to drops, but it's so much easier to hold than the base phone I'm a lot less worried about it. Lastly, I paid $15 for it. My big gripes so far are that the volume buttons don't have any sort of texture to them (something I like very much about the base phone), and when I am pulling the phone out of my pocket my fingers seem to gravitate to the port around the camera. Thanks for the thorough coverage, if this case doesn't work out this gives me a good idea about where to look next. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e71a30a606c19cac33ee8e740ae84f0024709401783f473fcdd36b490e52033b.jpg dabug91 I second this option. We got the burgundy one for my mom's blue Pixel the other day and she loves it. The quality of this case is superb for its price and we will probably be getting her the blue one as well. The geometric pattern and texture on the back feels great in the hand and I would be buying myself the black version if I had a Pixel as my phone. Easily a 9/10 for this case. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/4ec568f9f8802b3f49ba18bd010db79bc7ecb253001672e7ba4392d7c7f3bc06.jpg Impulse_Vigil Burgundy on blue looks like an eyesore. I like either on their own, just not the combo... Personal preference tho. Dunno if it's the photo or what but the plastic trim looks almost pink there. I wish they hadn't recycled half the iPhone color palette. The black/grey is kinda boring and the other two have gold trims which don't match up super well with any of the Pixels, plus I'm just not a fan of gold. They had some with silver trim for Galaxy/iPhones but never made them for Pixels. Impulse_Vigil Does the phone lay flat with it or does that camera bump raise it up? I keep wondering that every time I see those Caseology cases, almost tried one but I've been so happy with the Diztronic Pixlee that I just bought a second one of those as backup. The negative comments about the similar Spigen Neo also kinda scared me away... I do still like that unique pattern on the Parallax tho. Andrew Wilson Looking at it from the side I guess it does stick out a tiny bit, but when I lay my phone on a table the way it sits is indistinguishable from perfectly flat. 4 months in, and I am still very happy with it. Impulse_Vigil Good to know, thx. Orlando aka Pixel XL I suggest the bumper case from rhinoshield. The port doesn't fit all of the type c cables but it does for most of mine. MJ I love my Spigen Rugged Armor case but black on my Really Black Pixel XL is a little boring. Thinking I am going to be picking up a couple of colorful Diztronic Pixlee cases. Impulse_Vigil They're nice, pretty unique look, and more understated than his photos portray... At least in teal, the orange is pretty loud but not as neon orange as the photos make it look, more like the inside of an actual orange. Mine has held up better than other TPU cases after 5+ months of use, real stiff around the volume buttons still with only a hint of stretching at the top where it's always dragging against my pocket as I pull the phone out. I only noticed when I randomly pushed down on it one day... If you put your phone right side up in your pocket the bottom might stretch sooner which would be more noticeable. I wrote a long Amazon review and I still stand by everything there... I should add some pics with the OJ and a video clip, the Pixlee shimmer effect is hard to describe. Demigod121 This is the case I have for my XL - http://www.i-blason.com/google-pixel-xl-armorbox-case.html?color=25 I'm a big fan of the clunky Otterbox cases, however I have to say I am really impressed with this case. Very sturdy and doesn't add the bulk that the Otterbox cases have. Rich Stone So clearly this article is about cases, but I'm curious as to what screen shield you have on in these photos? Brayden Reesor I'm one who prefers a case to be as thin and light as possible, mostly to provide scratch protection and grip. I've been using the Bear Motion "Sandy" case and it is really awesome. Very thin, and the texture is great! All the cutouts are perfect. And it was only $8. https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01MA16WSH/ref=oh_aui_detailpage_o06_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1 Marcos on another site (or maybe on a previous post on this site), the slim tudia case was recommended. im awaiting mine for the Pixel (not XL). tyb82 Man those tempered glass screen covers are hideous. TimXer I bought a clear high grip case from LK on Amazon for $4 and it's awesome... perfect cutouts, non-slip grip Pedram Haghzaban How about Simply Carbon Fiber? digidude In my experience, an inexpensive TPU case with a screen guard is plenty to protect a phone in the most common accidents. compuguy1088 Will you be reviewing the seidio Surface ad DILEX cases by chance? dmo580 My Neo Hybrid is completely tight. I've seen where the frame is loose but I've owned one for my iPhone 5, 6, and Pixel and its very snug on the Pixel. I have seen loose Neo Hybrids before but this one is certainly not one. Perhaps there's lot to lot variation? If anything I'd be worried about the frame breaking. I had 2 break on my iPhone 6 and my iPhone 5 one broke at the bottom (USB port) Justin the neo hybrid on my phone doesnt suffer the flaws indicated, the only con from my month and a bit of use since it launched is that the back is really slippery Pedram Haghzaban Don't forget case from Simply Carbon Fiber Corey Miecielica Great article on pretty much all the popular cases out right now! I did notice that more cases as they come along will be added to this post. Looking forward to checking back time to time. Also would love to see some ultra thin case makers like Peel if they ever come along for Pixel phones! Kevin Davis The Speck presidio grip(also available in blue for the xl, through Verizon), and the Tech21 evocheck are my favorites. Also, you're correct about the Incipio octane, the border on the one for the S7edge I had was great, it's crap on the one for the Pixel, and the buttons are indeed terrible. chris Thanks for the article! I bought a spigen rugged armor on your suggestion and really like it! Question: which screen protector do you use? I've been having a hard time finding a decent one (tempered glass preferably) that doesnt have a ton of bubbles under the glass once installed. Thanks! Kole Hart I was a little disappointed to see the Spigen Tough Armor case to kinda get the crap rating. But I'm sure I haven't used as many cases as you have so I can appreciate the honesty. Overall I enjoyed the article and appreciate the extensive reviews of the many cases that are made for the Pixel. Jon Fridman Spigen has too many cases with so subtle differences to make me choose the Tough Armor. I would always take a Slim Armor over the Tough for reasons stated in my review. Kole Hart I just might check out the slim armor seeing as it was the other option I was going to go with. Any chance you could recommend a screen protector for the Pixel (Not the XL)? Jon Fridman I don't own a regular Pixel although they should be the same fit for both models. Obviously the XL has a bigger screen; cut should be identical across both models. Intelliarmor is usually my go to TGSP, even now it seems to be working fine. Carpentractor Love these reviews! One thing I would like to suggest is to put the new reviews at the top, instead of having to scroll to the bottom of the article to find the latest additions. Also, sorry to hear that your pixel has problems focusing, you should get that thing RMA'd, and see if if resolves anything! By the way, I have a relatively cheap Tudia Ultra slim matte case, and I'm super happy with it, especially the buttons, they are totally reasonable and the case looks great. The matte finish shows finger smudges and such easier than I expected, but overall I'm pretty happy with it. Jon Fridman There's a little menu at the top (red box) which takes you to any review if you click it. I though about doing an RMA for a while until I realized how dirt or dust is usually the issue. Tudia has made some good cases in the past. I normally get one if I can't find other decent TPU cases available. Michael Tran No love for the Spigen Neo hybrid crystal? I know it's another variation of the Spigen but it's very nice. Gives you the clear tpu shell so you can see your glass top but hard poly carbonate shell. Less bulky than the tough armor. The opening near the camera looks larger to so you get less flash reflection on photos. Jon Fridman Unfortunately I was only sent the regular Neo Hybrid. I can't imagine the case being any different than a simple clear version just like the rugged armor I reviewed. Michael Tran The camera cutout versus the other Spigen cases is a big difference. Avoids the dreaded flash issue plus the problem of dust collecting around the sensor. Also is just a hair bigger then the neo hybrid. Plus it comes in electric blue. 😀. Oh well I guess I just did a semi review haha Jon Fridman I have one in the electric blue (regular NeoHybrid) in the reviews. Camera cutouts aren't a huge deal on clear cases if the OEM paints the edge black to combat flaring. Personally I wouldn't buy the NeoHybrid based on my experiences with it. ApocalypsComet The one I'd like to see would be the UAG Plasma series. I have a Poetic Affinity for my Pixel and love it. Arguably one of the best cases I've had for any phone. Jon Fridman I've owned both of those cases for previous phones. Based on my experiences I will not be reviewing either one unless something changes. pascualine27 What's the best screen protector for the Google Pixel? I got the Benuo TGSP on Amazon and it's so bad. Doesn't cover the LCD fully and really bad halos on both sides! I'm getting a refund. I love my Spigen Rugged Armor case though. Jon Fridman I can't comment on the 'best' one since I've only tried a handful of them. Generally I stick with Intelliarmor depending on the phone I'm using. Jeff Rodrigues I ordered google pixel xl, but its backordered. So im waiting for it to ship out still. I bought this case: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/859ebc6977f0a4696107fd32c289dfb25bcec2700c091a7e1479b2eff23274f6.png Wasnt sure if you knew anything about it. And you have good reviews on those cases, it helps alot. If for some reason i need to change from the one i bought Frisi I have the Rhinoshield Bumper, I love it. Phone has fell twice with it and it has absorbed the impact quite well. My only gripe is that the USB cutout is not as big and some cables don't go in all the way, forcing me to remove the cable. Sarah Gray Bashford I use that tech21 smoke checkered case and the power button definitely gave me issues in the beginning. Have had it on for a month and a half now and it is WAY easier to press the button. I don't struggle at all now that it's broken in. Can't recall when I started noticing a difference though. mikeym0p Spigen Neo Crystal Hybrid? I have and love this case, it looks great and feels better than the regular NeoHybrid. Brandon Padilla Hey guys, give the Poetic Karbon a try. I'd like to know what you guys think about it. Demigod121 Still no love for the i-Blason cases? :( Kevin Slechta Spigen Slim Armor has protected my Galaxy S6 since I got it over a year ago and I will get the same for my Pixel whenever I end up getting one! oliverhaughton Ghostek makes a better looking Pixel XL case that offers all around protection and beautiful steel, not just plastic! Ghostek! Ryan I have an Incipio octane and love it. You say the buttons are terrible, they press easily every time. Not sure what's wrong with yours. The ribbed bumper is great for grip. It's nearly as grippy as my wife's tech21 Evo. benrees21 Cruzerlite Androidified A2 TPU and Carbon Cover Case for Google Pixel - Gray https://www.amazon.co.uk/dp/B01LZ28UJ5/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_c-FDyb3G1JVJ8 Please review this! Fantastic case, buttons are nice and cutouts precise. Do a few nice colours as well. Thanks! Cristan Newton So I just found out about this company called Ghostek, which features a screen protector that is supposed to be explosion proof. Thoughts? Steve Try the Bear Motion case, I have it on my regular Pixel and I love it. But like the Google clear case, it does leave unprotected areas on the top and bottom. But I have a dbrand wrap on it also and the case still fits tight on top of the wrap.... I like to change things up on different days. https://www.amazon.com/Ultra-Slim-Case-Google-Pixel/dp/B01MA16WSH James The official Google silicoln case is sh*t. It peels or flaps away around the buttons, by design. This feels horrible. Kaya I bought an awesome phone case for my pixel which had a free screen protector and a built-in stand which helps me to view videos without even holding the phone. Here is the link for it : https://www.zizowireless.com/collections/google-pixel-cases/products/zizo-bolt-case-for-google-pixel-military-grade-glass-screen-protector ackthbbft I have the Spigen Neo Hybrid, and I'm not sure what "design flaw" the OP means about the buttons being flush with the outer frame, as mine stick out just fine. However, I will be opting for a new case, because the frame WILL break at the thinner points where it has cut-outs for the headphone jack and USB port. In fact, it did so on both sides of the USB port on mine, and so it basically came apart. I'll probably get the Spigen Rugged Armor (though it would be nice if someone would make a decent kickstand case for the Pixel). nooper No Caseology cases? They seem to be the best bang for your buck. Hope you can review the Parallax and Vault series. Impulse_Vigil Is Jon done with these reviews? Just curious, he did a fantastic job IMO. Also wondering if he or anyone has tried those super thin Peel/CaliCase type cases? They're like the thinnest possible TPU, more for scratches than bumps and drops... I'd try one but I think I care more about drop protection than anything, still curious tho, they certainly look sleek. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 10 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 30 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 315 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 205 queries | 2.530s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Some Pixel and Nexus fingerprint sensors not working after Android 7.1.2 update Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 12:17pm PDTApr 14, 2017 51 Plus 1 on G+ 50 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares166 Bug Watch Device Updates News Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Pixel Pixel XL A number of Google Pixel and Nexus users are reporting that their fingerprint sensor is no longer working after the latest Android OS update. Several members of the Pixel and Nexus communities on Google's product forums have encountered the issue since installing the Android Nougat 7.1.2 OTA. The issue appears to be affecting both the Pixel and Pixel XL, as well as the LG-made Nexus 5X and Huawei Nexus 6P. Reports suggest that while the Pixel and Nexus Imprint sensors are no longer granting access to the devices, the swipe down for notifications Moves gesture is still functional. Attempts to solve the problem by deleting pre-existing fingerprints and starting from scratch haven't worked, as error messages are preventing new prints from being added to the devices. As usual, we'll update if we hear any official word from Google about the issue, hopefully regarding a fix. Source: Pixel User Community forum, Nexus Help Forum Tags 5x 6P bug bug watch fingerprint Imprint nexus pixel pixel xl subscribe ... Previous Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. ... Next Story Google officially moves the AOSP issue tracker away from Google Code Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Andrew Palmer No issues here. 6P. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article Removed VAVAMk_2 Same thereasoner Same here with my Pixel. Suicide_Note No issues on my XL or 6P. Good_Ole_Pinocchio 6p has never given me those issues either... But it is slower than most newer scanners. Nick Which is to be expected. It's still fine. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article defeated. If you do get it expect to lose all unsaved data. Then if want refund you will need to go to court. Sean Please GO AWAY....you have said this TWICE.......Its NOT the Nexus 5 and 6 Mr Brainiac....its the 5X and 6P......which are TOTALLY different than the Nexus 5 and Nexus 6. Max Same here with my XL. elav Me too. No issues on my XL.. Nicholas Matranga My Nexus 5x works just fine after the update. kalehv Sometimes my Pixel XL asks for pattern even after it recognizes my fingerprint (no, I am not talking about the first time after reboot). Rebooting the device works but why does this happen? Nathan Bryant I've also experienced this. It's random. Not so often it's a bother for me. kalehv Yup not so often with me either but being a mobile developer what bothers me is this happening, not the inconvenience it causes. Nathan Bryant That totally makes sense. I assume it's some kind of error even though it's not stating that it is. I don't see the pattern or constant of what causes it when it happens. mattcoz It does that after more than 48 hours have passed since you've last used your pattern. kalehv Nop its not that either. It does that after 4 hours I think. And it should do that only once after 4 hours but not keep doing that until you reboot. mattcoz It's definitely 48 hours, that comes straight from Google. But if it continues to do so, then that's something else. Mgamerz I've had it happen on my Nexus, it just occasionally requires a PIN. Says it's 4 hours of non usage but that doesn't seem true, sometimes I wake up and no pin and sometimes I'll be on and off the phone and it'll require a pin. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Typical. Google needs to fire some of their geniuses and hire some diligent coders, and also diligent testers for their QA department (assuming they even have one -- I sincerely doubt it). Middlefinger Oh really. Nexus/Pixel/Google error 4.453.563 this year alone. Im shocked (not really). Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Best hot steaming pile of dog s**t 2016. SpeakethTheTruth I think you might be on to something with that last paragraph. Cause for real, quality control is out of control right now. sebastianer If fixed my 6P bad battery life and early shutdown only replacing the stock Huawei battery with other battery with different brand (no need to wipe the phone in the process...) Several people did the same and is enjoying the battery life they were having when they bought the phone more than a year ago: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=3534410 You could even try a Huawei battery replacement...but they say they aren't original. I just went for another brand because of the bad experience I had with the stock battery durability I don't know in the Pixel. But in the 6P in 90% of the cases...this is just a problem of the Huawei stock battery. Kendall Gustafson “Pixel”, the word sounds like the color pink. “Pixel” sounds like a little girl’s toy. Most men would never put a phone in their pocket named “Pixel” unless they were a cross/dresser. The word “Pixel” equates to a 50% loss of market share from the male market. “Nexus”, the word does not sound female or male. “Nexus”, the word sounds like science, desirable to any man, woman, or child. “Nexus”, the word sound like domination of market share. kalehv Hahaha that made me laugh. No I do not agree. I am a Pixel owner man and I am not whatever you said they'd be if they owned one but I laughed for some reason. Christian Trevor Clauss I must be a cross dresser then :D mattcoz Real men aren't insecure about what their phones are named. Middlefinger Except that the Nexus sold poorly and was generally complete junk Van_Hammersly Most of us have exited adolescence. bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9bd2ce0665c300ab872edc5e5fa1ef348b87f551cc01532d17bf41264dd126c1.jpg Bruce Wayne Google is really dropping the ball. We just can't have a stable, functioning phone that works. I just had to send my phone in for repair because it went into boot-loop after the recent update. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google: "It compiled with warnings but no errors. Must be ready to go." Bruce Wayne Nothing about Google or Android came up. What are you getting at? Middlefinger This isnt device specific, its a fault in Android itself. Google has become really bad lately with poor quality control. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Even Chrome is going to the dogs. Seriously, Google is staffed by a bunch of incompetent high-paid prima donnas. paxmos At least, Google is not charging an arm and a leg for their phones ;-) 2kool4skool Lol, $869 for a phone that doesn't have waterproofing, wireless charging, expandable storage, and ois is not charging an arm and leg? paxmos Didn't you see the wink? 2kool4skool Apologies, I just woke up and haven't fully recovered when I read your comment, my sarcasm detector didn't work really well that time. Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,...... athorax Can't tell if joking or.... He wasn't telling you to google that phrase, that is what google says when they release a new build of android. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Exactly. If it compiles, it's ready. No need to test or anything. Too much trouble for the geniuses at Google. They're so smart that if it compiles with just warnings, there couldn't possibly be any problems. John Doe I am sure that they do test it but there are things that go wrong...obviously those bugs will be in the spotlight on an Android blog meaning in real life they are probably affecting a small number of users. This is why you do a roll out of the OTA not just dump it all out there. Bruce Wayne Ohhh...Lol. I just re-read his statement now. neates Pixel and Nexus - rich beta testers... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Rich alpha testers. asifalimirza No issues two weeks after the update. I have a Verizon Pixel XL Necronos Yeah, sometimes it doesn't wanna read my finger, really annoying and sometimes I have to reboot. Nope.jpeg If you are reading this, set you Disqus profile to private, if you'd like. I just found out today that it's available. EvilHowl That has been availiable since years Nope.jpeg >I just found out today that it's available. I meant that I just discovered it today. 7-down But it has been there for years! bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/65fbb30db9562d2071d7be874cf7e6b0b6724c0c6b0333a36a817e13eef2bd99.gif Kougeru Thanks tigerstown Another so called pixel issue and yet I have never had one that's been reported. It blows my mind been on 7.1.2 sense the factory imgs dropped Sean Same for me.....my Pixel XL hasnt had a single reported issue so far......... Donovan Goodwin Using mine actually causes phone to restart. Updating to 7.1.2 caused this and it even happens on ROMs. JG W00t! For once I don't suffer from Atrem's Luck... My 5X still lets me in with my fingerprint :) Doomberg I updated just last night. Glad I didn't get hit with this issue. nickarli 6P - had 4 fingers registered, right index stopped working after the update but other 3 still fully functional. I thought it was the massive amount of Utah dust in my fingers all of a sudden, but I guess not Defenestratus There's that vaunted Google QA again. This is how you get more Samsung. New_Guy Yep 4Ui812 Why is Google having app many issues with the Fixel ? Sruly J Except since it's also affecting Nexus devices, this is more of a software issue in 7.1.2 than a hardware issue for Pixel devices. Defenestratus Because IIRC they use Agile software development. Agile is how you get shitty software. Lawstorant I've never thought I would say such thing, but I'm getting fed up with all the "issues" Google is facing with every update. On the Nexus 6, they went as far as to roll it back to 7.0. They should really step up their game especially if, they are fully responsible for every aspect of the device from now on. EvilHowl No issues on my 5X wade_county I thought these Pixels weren't supposed to be beta products? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ They aren't. They're outrageously expensive alpha products. And they even have one defect (halo-cam) that can't be fixed in software. Still the best steaming pile of dog s**t of 2016, though. Everyone should buy one. Everyone who likes dog s**t anyway. Apparently people do, since HTC has shipped 2 million since launch. Kougeru I bad a Pixel for a week and took dozens of photos with no halo Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good for you. Phandroid did an LG G6 vs. Pixel photo comparison. 4 out of 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the 22 G6 pictures had halos. They were all pictures of the same things, obviously with the same lighting. Google admits it's a design defect. If Google admits it, it's kind of hard to pretend it doesn't exist. whispy_snippet No one denies it's an issue. But what you seem incapable of accepting is it's a very minor issue that only very rarely rears its head. If you actively try to shoot an image with a strong light source angled towards the sensor (something you generally don't do because it often results in a poor shot on any camera) you might experience a halo effect. Might. But I've got literally hundreds of photos taken with my Pixel with no halos. You can choose to believe whatever exaggerated narrative you want to fuel your juvenile rage fits. But people who actually use a Pixel every day don't seem to have a problem worth caring about. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It has nothing to do with a strong light source angled toward the sensor. That's normal lens flare. The Pixel halos are NOT normal lens flare. Like I said 4 out of 22 pictures. That's 18% of the pictures they took, and they didn't have strong light sources angled toward the sensor. 18% is not a rare problem, especially when the G6 NEVER had halos with the same exact pictures. Google admitted it's a flaw. Get over yourself and stop trying to justify it. whispy_snippet And like I said, I've taken hundreds of pictures and have seen a halo perhaps a couple of times. And I take a lot of photos given video and photography is my day job - indeed one of the reasons I chose the Pixel is because I wanted the best phone camera available for the times I don't have my proper gear with me. I've seen countless comparisons between the Pixel, iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 edge and while they're all great, in most situations the Pixel takes what I consider the better shot. You're making mountains out of molehills and carrying on like a right twat in the process. P. Sherman ANECDOTAL EVIDENCE DOESN'T MEAN JACKS--- if in scientific tests under controlled environments and the same conditions, the Pixel produced the halo effect, which Google has acknowledged to be a design deficiency standard on LITERALLY EVERY PIXEL MADE, but other cameras feature no such halo effect. FFS whispy_snippet I'm not denying there's an issue! I'm saying it's being blown out of proportion by people who want to blow it out of proportion. P. Sherman Referencing a scientific, controlled test and camera comparison is NOT blowing this out of proportion. Blowing out of proportion would be something how the Wall Street Journal set out to destroy PewDiePie for boneheadedly saying "Death to all Jews" as a joke. But referencing a camera comparison in exactly the same conditions and one phone had a halo effect but the other didn't is science, fact, nothing to blow out of proportion there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good luck arguing with a Google fanboy in deep denial. thereasoner He's actually making solid points, the Pixels do have the best cameras overall​ and all smartphone cameras have some issues. whispy_snippet Show me the link to the test. I would like to see it. Even if their results suggest there's an issue (which there is as we all agree), the significance of the results can still be blown out of proportion which is what we're seeing occur in this ridiculous discussion. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here you go again. phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ Now that I've viewed the pics again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. Two involve a bright light. The other 3 do not. So that's 23% of 22 pictures. I wouldn't say that's blowing things out of proportion. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. Yeah, you paid a lot for your Pixel, so you have a hard time admitting it's a steaming pile of dog s**t. I understand. whispy_snippet Yep, so as we've agreed, halos sometimes appear in shots with strong light sources pointing at or angled towards the edge of the sensor. But let's just ignore the purple flaring and chromatic aberation in at least four of the images from the LG, right? You're demonstrating selective criticism. Every camera has strengths and weaknesses but on balance, the Pixel offers better images than competing phones more often than not. My position is unchanged. You're both making mountains out of molehills, and in no way does this "scientific" test guarantee that 23% of photos taken with a Pixel will exhibit a halo. It simply shows 23% of photos taken in this example demonstrated halos. You're both being completely ridiculous. It's like some sort of sorry crusade to demonise a great product by focusing on a tiny negative while ignoring all the positives. No one ever said the Pixel is perfect. But only you two are using ridiculous, extreme labels like "steaming pile of dog shit" and "HARDWARE DEFICIENCY" as though using capital letters makes your odd ball assertions more valid. Most reputable tech reviewers agree the Pixel has the best overall smartphone camera. You're entitled to disagree. P. Sherman 4/22. 4/22 photos from the Pixel have a halo effect. That's from Phandroid. That's 18% of photos the Pixel. That alone is damning. Google themselves have acknowledged that it is a HARDWARE DEFICIENCY and software fixes have done little to address this. They admitted it was there, that's all we need. If you knew that 4/22 Burritos Chipotle made would give you the Runs, but ZERO/22 Burritos Taco Bell made would, would YOU still choose to eat at Chipotle? whispy_snippet Show me the test! I've asked twice now. P. Sherman Lena Flare was removed from the photos, but not the video. http://highonandroid.com/android-smartphone-news/the-truth-about-google-pixel-camera-halolens-flare-effect/ Also, someone in the official Google forums shot with their Pixel and Nexus 6P in the same Time, conditions, everything. Guess what? https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsrROqMaXHqHg/?hl=by Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ 3 halos are obvious, 1 is subtle. The subtle one is where the picture is looking up at a building's windows. Now that I've viewed them again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. mr.fozzo On my Nex6P, I have noticed that the Fingerprint reader has been less reliable lately. It requires more presses than the usual 1 press. Besnik Rrustemi My Nexus 6P working excellent so far, no battery problems, no fingerprint problems (better standby times on 7.1.2 to be honest). But yes,i can agree that fingerprint was much faster when i first got the device on 6.0 Marshmallow (for unlocking the device with the fingerprint) now it takes like 2 full seconds for that :( jimv1983 No issues on my Nexus 5X and the swipe on the sensor to bring down the notification panel is great. Alex Harrison Flashed the OTA myself on my 5X. No issues with it. Jeff Neston At least it is just the sensor. My nexus 5 was bricked by a Google update.. it got the boot loop. Google support lied to me claiming I broke the power button. False it was not broken. I ended up going small claims case against Google. They settled, but wanted me to sign gag order. Sorry, no way. I sent it back and got complete refund. Sneaky company. What probably causes boot loop update to occur is phone on long time. Some apps get memory leak over time. System then unpredictably unstable. Then the system does auto uplate from Google without asking user NOR even rebooting or turning off prior to the update. Then during update, Os gets corrupted. Then after failed update phone reboots thinking the. Update completed. Now phones dead. And Google not bother to address the issue. Pdiddy187 My 5x fingerprint sensor was great until it bootlooped yesterday morning. LG is going to repair it under warranty even though it's well out of warranty. La Kiesha Rodriguez Barrientes I have the ZTE axon 7 and over a month now google hasn't addressed a fix for the play store not loading apps over data or Wi-Fi.. Without uninstalling updates to play store and then maybe will not say "waiting for network" so frustrating and then maybe download once and have to do that everytime.. Dumb.. P. Sherman That's been like that since KitKat. F------ KITKAT. ahnafm Is google reacommodating their customers now? Brett Delia I thought some positive feedback was worth being added. My Nexus 6P is working perfectly after the update. I've had generally a great experience with all my Android phones. I've had an iPhone as well as a Windows mobile phone as well in my past. None have been as feature packed as my Android devices. New_Guy This and all the other ridiculous issues with the Pixel is a big reason I stick with Samsung... Fernando S Mine is working ok in my Nexus 5x running 7.1.2. It just failed once while I was on 7.1.1 and with a soft reset it came back to life Hank Is that a real screenshot in the story? Enrollment spelled wrong twice. SMH. ThisGuyFUX This is now icing on top of the cake, for anyone whom has enjoyed watching this crash and burn. If I paid $850+ for a Pixel, I'd be pursuing class action litigation by now. Slow clap. Sean Except its only affecting about 1% of the Pixels sold.........so......slow clap for you....... 2kool4skool It's gonna be sucks when you're in the 1%. And I doubt it's 1% anyway, this is probably the 20th article I've read about pixel's problems. That's alot. Probably more like 5%. Brian White Nexus 5x, running fine here ddevito If it wasn't for my OnePlus 3 I'd be on an iPhone. thereasoner One plus has their own issues/lousy support and the iPhone? They're the worst of them all when it comes to buggy software and hardware issues bricking devices ! MisterKraky I'm not having the fingerprint sensor issue myself, but after updating to 7.1.2, I can no longer install or update any apps! On a Verizon-issued Pixel here. Đức Thành What happened to all the testing, Google? It seems they have become too reliant on using Nexus users for beta-testing and now can't seem to do a proper job on their own. Get your grips together, Android team. Rob H. Nougat is such a half baked disaster of an OS. It's ruined my N6. Marshmallow was soon much more stable. Thanks google keep breaking phones. jacob Cant even spell enrolment correctly. Enrollment...... Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,....... vltkpr My sensor stopped working and all it took was a simple restart of my Nexus 6P to get it working again. Rakesh There is a known bug that after you unlock your phone the fingerprint sensor won't work for gestures - swipe down. There is no workaround for it so far other than to just press once and then it will start working. dontsh00tmesanta Guess I'm a lucky one mine is ok Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 10 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 30 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 315 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 124 queries | 0.535s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter UK UK politics education media society law scotland sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › media home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Australian media Journalism faces a crisis worldwide – we might be entering a new dark age Margaret Simons Almost anyone can use the worldwide web to be a media outlet, so how will we differentiate between truth, myth and lies? Almost too late, there is a new concern for the virtues of the traditional newsroom, and what good journalists do. Photograph: Ron Chapple Photography, Inc. //Alamy Stock Photo Australian media Journalism faces a crisis worldwide – we might be entering a new dark age Margaret Simons Almost anyone can use the worldwide web to be a media outlet, so how will we differentiate between truth, myth and lies? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Margaret Simons is the director of the Centre for Advanced Journalism, University of Melbourne Friday 14 April 2017 21.13 EDT Australia’s two largest legacy media organisations recently announced big cuts to their journalistic staff. Many editorial positions, perhaps up to 120, will disappear at Fairfax Media, publisher of The Age and The Sydney Morning Herald, and News Corporation announced the sacking of most of its photographers and editorial production staff. Both announcements were accompanied by corporate spin voicing a continuing commitment to quality journalism. Nobody in the know believes it. This is the latest local lurch in a crisis that is engulfing journalism worldwide. Now, partly thanks to Donald Trump, many more people are turning their mind to the future of news, including “fake” news and its opposite. How, in the future, are we to know the difference between truth, myth and lies? Almost too late, there is a new concern for the virtues of the traditional newsroom, and what good journalists do. That is, find things out, verify the facts and publish them in outlets which, despite famous stuff-ups, can generally be relied upon to provide the best available version of the truth. News Corp staff deliver bolshie smack to senior managers amid job cuts | The Weekly Beast Read more As this week’s announcements make clear, the newsrooms that have traditionally provided most original journalism are radically shrinking. News media for most of the last century appeared to be one relatively simple business. Gather an audience by providing content, including news. Sell the attention of the audience to advertisers. The internet and its applications have brought that business undone. As any householder can attest, the audience no longer assembles in the same concentrations. The family no longer gathers around the news on television. Most homes have multiple screens and news is absorbed as it happens. “Appointment television” is nearly dead, at least for those under 50. At the same time, technology has torn apart the two businesses – advertising and news – that used to be bound together by the physical artefact of the newspaper. Once, those who wanted to find a house, a job or a car had to buy a newspaper to read the classifieds. Now, it is cheaper and more efficient to advertise and search online, without needing to pay a single journalist. Publishers and broadcasters have moved online, but the advertising model fails. Ads on websites earn a fraction of the amount that used to be charged for the equivalent in a newspaper or during a program break. All this is last century’s news – but over the past five years the landscape has shifted again because of the dominance of Google (which also owns YouTube) and Facebook. These social media engines have quickly become the world’s most powerful publishers. Besides them, Murdoch looks puny. Yet Google and Facebook don’t employ journalists. They serve advertisements and news to the audience members on the basis of what they know about their interests. Guardian Media Group to cut 250 jobs in bid to break even within three years Read more For advertisers, it’s all gravy. Why pay for a display ad in a newspaper when you can have your material delivered direct to the social media feeds of people who you know are likely to be interested in buying your product? It is now estimated that of every dollar spent on advertising in the western world, 90 cents ends up in the pockets of Google and Facebook. Today, just about anyone with an internet connection and a social media account has the capacity to publish news and views to the world. This is new in human history. The last great innovation in communications technology, the printing press, helped bring about the enlightenment of the 1500s and 1600s. The optimists among us thought the worldwide web and its applications might lead to a new enlightenment – but as has become increasingly clear, the reverse is also possible. We might be entering a new dark age. Fake news isn’t new. The place of Barack Obama’s birth was about as verifiable as a fact gets – with the primary document, his birth certificate, published online. But the mere publication of a fact did not stop a large proportion of US citizens from believing the myth that he was born overseas. It is very hard to say how many Australian journalists have left the profession over the last 10 years. This is partly because the nature of journalistic work has changed. Many now work aggregating or producing digital content, never leaving their desks. Institutions such as universities and NGOs are now producing journalistic content, published online, but the people employed to do this task rarely show up in the figures compiled by unions and the Australian Bureau of Statistics, because their employers are not classified as media organisations. Nevertheless, the big newsrooms have shrunk beyond recognition. This week’s announcements were the latest in a 15-year trend. In 2013, industry commentators estimated that more than 3000 Australian journalists had lost their jobs in the previous five years. Since then, there have been further deep cuts, and last week’s announcements were merely the latest. In the US, it is estimated that 15 per cent of journalistic jobs disappeared between 2005 and 2009, and the cuts haven’t paused since then. At the same time, and offsetting this, there are new participants in the Australian media. We now have online local versions of the British Daily Mail, the youth-oriented news and entertainment outlet Buzzfeed, the New York Times, (which has just launched) and the Huffington Post, which operates in partnership with Fairfax. Not least, there is this outlet – an Australian edition of the Guardian. There are also many small, specialist outlets that exist because the economics of online publishing beat the cost of buying broadcasting licences or printing on bits of dead tree, trucking the papers around the nation and throwing them over the fences. For the same reasons, almost any large organisation can, if it chooses, use the worldwide web to be a media outlet – though whether the output classes as journalism or public relations is another matter. Most of the new entrants to the business employ only a few local journalists. The reputable ones struggle to perform miracles each hour with hardly any reporters. So what does the future hold? I think it is clear we will have many more smaller newsrooms in the future – including new entrants, non-media organisations touting their wares and the wasted remains of the old businesses. Some of these newsrooms will operate on the slippery slopes that lie between news, advocacy and advertising. Some of them will be the fake news factories, devoted to earning an income from spreading clickable, outrageous lies. If it were only the decline of businesses, we would not need to worry so much. It is rare in history for those who have profited from one technology to go on to dominate the next. Cobb and Co ran the stagecoaches, but not the steam trains. Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Fairfax Media building in Sydney. Big newsrooms everhywhere have shrunk beyond recognition. Photograph: Paul Miller/AAP But it is more serious than the decline of private businesses. The future is far from clear, but here are some things we can expect to see delivered more quickly than we might think. First, social media companies will begin to invest in quality content, because otherwise they will lose their audiences. This is not merely wishful thinking. In China, WeChat, owned by Tencent Corporation, is the dominant social media engine and has functionality that makes Facebook and Twitter look old-fashioned. If you want to know what’s coming next in social media, look to China. As I found on a recent research trip to China, WeChat is investing a lot of money in original journalism. Many of the most interesting journalists in China – including some who have been jailed in the past for their work – are now earning better salaries than those available on party media outlets by freelancing for Tencent, which actively supports and encourages them in multiple ways. It’s counterintuitive, given China’s record on freedom of speech, but then the country is changing so fast and is so complex that preconceptions can only be challenged. China might have begun by copying the social media activity of the west, but it has long since outstripped it. Not that the future dominance of Tencent-like operations is entirely reassuring. WeChat is also a cashless payment system, earning money from transactions. It knows absolutely everything about its users, to a much greater extent than Facebook and Google. It surpasses all previous means of citizen surveillance. Fairfax journalists condemn ​​proposed $30m job cuts and political positioning Read more Second, governments will have to take some responsibility for news and information. In Europe and Canada, they are experimenting with methods of helping bolster journalism. Meanwhile, international research confirms that countries blessed with a strong tradition of publicly funded media are more cohesive, better informed and less polarised. Our own ABC is one of the main reasons we can hope that the trajectory of our democracy will be better than that of the United States. Lastly, there are citizens. The experience of the last decade tells us that citizen-journalism cannot replace the work done by properly resourced and trained professionals, but it will be a permanent part of the news ecology. For the foreseeable future, we will be only a few minutes and clicks away from a citizen leaking information, publishing a bare account of a news event or providing a subversive point of view. In fact, being a responsible consumer, funder and purveyor of news and information is now best understood as one of the many duties of good citizenship. If we can hold firm to that notion, we will come through the crisis. Topics Australian media Fairfax Media News Corporation Australian Broadcasting Corporation Google Facebook comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media selected crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Media › Australian media back to top UK UK politics education media society law scotland Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Apple Gets Permit to Test Autonomous Vehicles in California The Wall Street Journal. Tripp Mickle, Tim Higgins 9 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Here's how much United Airlines stock tanked this week Walmart in talks to acquire online men's retailer Bonobos Click to expand Replay Video Delta to offer up to $9,950 to fliers who give up seats Delta is letting employees offer customers almost $10,000 in compensation to give up seats on overbooked flights, hoping to avoid an uproar like the one that erupted at United after a passenger was dragged off a jet. In an internal memo obtained Friday by The Associated Press, Delta Air Lines said gate agents can offer up to $2,000, up from a previous maximum of $800, and supervisors can offer up to $9,950, up from $1,350. Wochit Business Why the US Border Patrol is having trouble hiring agents The Trump administration wants the agency to add 5,000 new agents, but two-thirds of applicants fail the polygraph test. Newsy Dakota Access ready to begin carrying oil The Dakota Access Pipeline will begin carrying oil in may. Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Tim Cook Talks at WSJDLive About the Future of Cars The Wall Street Journal. See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Delta to offer up to $9,950 to fliers who give up seats Wochit Business0:43 Why the US Border Patrol is having trouble hiring agents Newsy0:59 Dakota Access ready to begin carrying oil Veuer0:55 Here's why some Coca-Cola bottles have a yellow cap Business Insider1:30 Warehouse workers beware: These little robot helpers may be after your job CNN Money1:14 Nintendo declares the Switch to be a massive success Wochit Tech0:36 How Trump could tackle health care and taxes The Wall Street Journal.1:38 Nevada becomes first state with syringe vending machines Fox Business4:14 The uncovered truth of overbooking in the airline industry Veuer1:19 Nintendo NES Classic is being discontinued CNET0:49 Tesla solar panels are starting to power Hawaii island CNN Money2:55 What this symbol that's on nearly half of your food means Business Insider0:51 Tesla's Musk tells disgruntled shareholders: Buy Ford Reuters America1:00 These are the airlines most likely to bump you from a flight Money0:59 How to invest in marijuana The Wall Street Journal.2:50 SUVs take over New York auto show Reuters1:10 UP NEXT SAN FRANCISCO—Apple Inc.’s secretive self-driving car project is on course for a public debut. Quotes in the article Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 141.05 -0.75 -0.53% General Motors Co GM ▼ 33.39 -0.55 -1.62% The technology giant on Friday secured a permit for autonomous-vehicle testing in California, the clearest sign to date of progress in Apple’s efforts to develop self-driving car technology. The permit, awarded by California’s Department of Motor Vehicles, is Apple’s first for autonomous cars and allows it to test drive vehicles on public roads in the largest U.S. state by population, adding it to a list of rivals that includes Google parent Alphabet Inc. and Tesla Inc. The move indicates Apple is going beyond testing on private tracks and in simulators as it works to improve artificial-intelligence systems that must learn to interact in the unpredictable world of human drivers. The Apple permit covers three 2015 Lexus sport-utility vehicles, which would be retrofitted with hardware and software to be used in autonomous mode. It also covers six human operators who must sit behind the wheel to monitor the driving and take over when needed, according to the DMV. Apple has been working for years on self-driving cars—an effort dubbed Project Titan—under a thick veil of secrecy. Its first public statements about its car effort came in a November letter to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration offering input on planned regulations governing automated vehicles. An Apple spokesman on Friday declined to comment on the permit and referred to a statement in December, when the letter to regulators became public, that said the company is investing machine learning and autonomous systems. The letter—which said Apple was making those investments for many purposes “including transportation”—suggested Apple was focusing on software that would control a self-driving car. That aligned with other evidence that Apple’s car effort had shifted from building a car to designing an autonomous-driving system. Last summer, for example, Apple eliminated some positions on Project Titan focused on car development, and added software-focused staff. Its new approach is a departure for Apple, which typically tries to control both the software and hardware of its products to deliver a uniform user experience and maximize profits. It is alone among major smartphone developers, for example, in using its own operating-system software instead of Google’s Android system—a strategy widely credited with helping Apple garner more than 90% of profits in the global smartphone industry, according to Strategy Analytics. Neil Cybart, who runs Above Avalon, a site dedicated to Apple analysis, said there could be similar value in controlling both the software and hardware of a car. “One aspect of the auto industry that needs to change is design and they’re well suited with their design philosophy because industrial designers (there) have more sway than engineers,” Mr. Cybart said. California has been the major testing ground for autonomous-vehicle technology. Apple rivals have been testing their vehicles on the roads here for some time—especially Waymo LLC, the Google sister company doing self-driving cars. Waymo has been working on autonomous vehicles since 2009 and has driven more than 2.5 million miles on public roads, including 635,868 last year in California. “We’re still in the first mile of the marathon of this race. At this point, it’s still up in the air who can take the lead,” said Dave Sullivan, an automotive analyst with consultancy AutoPacific Inc. Putting test vehicles on public roads opens Apple to more scrutiny than it is accustomed to when developing products. California requires companies with autonomous-car testing permits to file public reports about their efforts, including crash information and the number of times their human operators have to take over from the computer. Other companies testing self-driving technology—including Waymo, Uber Technologies Inc. and General Motors Co.’s Cruise Automation—have put logos on their test vehicles, adding to the attention. It is unclear if Apple’s Lexus vehicles will bear its logo. With the scrutiny of public testing, any glitches can quickly draw unwanted attention. Last month, for example, an Uber test vehicle crashed in Tempe, Ariz., prompting Uber to suspend all such testing briefly even though police said the tech company wasn’t at fault. Uber had previously tried testing its cars in San Francisco without a permit, drawing the ire of California officials. The ride-hailing company pulled its vehicles from its hometown and began testing in Arizona, before deciding to go back and obtain a permit in California. The revelation of Apple’s interest in self-driving technology in 2015 sent shockwaves through the automotive industry, which had been working on various research efforts but generally saw autonomous vehicles as a far-off endeavor. The technology, though still unproven and facing regulatory and legal hurdles, has the potential to rewrite auto-makers role in an industry that is a bedrock of the U.S. economy. By 2030, about a quarter of all miles driven in the U.S. may be done through autonomous, electric vehicles, according to a recent study by the Boston Consulting Group. Many of the developers that appear furthest along have said commercial fleets, whether it is robot taxis or delivery vehicles, are the most likely way the technology will first be deployed Major questions remain about Apple’s intentions. “I’m not sure they know what their play will be, but they do sense there’s an opportunity and they can bring value to it,” said Ben Bajarin, an analyst with technology-research firm Creative Strategies. “The question is: How big is this commitment? And how much money are they throwing at this commitment? It’s hard to know where this lands on their priority list.” Write to Tripp Mickle at Tripp.Mickle@wsj.com and Tim Higgins at Tim.Higgins@WSJ.com Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal North Korea Parades Apparently New Long-Range 'Frankenmissile' The Wall Street Journal. North Korea Parades Apparently New 'Frankenmissile' The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Some Nexus 6Ps have developed a battery early shutoff problem, and it's becoming a safety issue David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2016/12/20 11:10am PDTDec 20, 2016 211 Plus 1 on G+ 366 Share on Facebook 174 Share on Twitter Total Shares751 News Nexus 6P A number of Nexus 6P owners have reported an alarming battery problem with their phones as of Android 7.0 being released for the handset, which causes the phone to power down when the battery gauge still shows anywhere from 10 to 60% battery remaining. How widespread the issue is at this point isn't clear, but the main thread on the Google issue tracker has 229 stars. There are also a significant number of threads describing the problem on Google's Product Forums (see: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6). Owners have linked it to Android 7.0, but even those who have attempted flashing back to Marshmallow report the problem still occurs, though generally at lower indicated remaining battery percentages than on Nougat. This suggests some kind of change in Android 7.0 that is exacerbating what would appear to be an underlying hardware problem. There are some reports that 6P owners with the issue who have their batteries replaced see the problem largely alleviated, again pointing to what seems fundamentally a hardware failure that has been made worse by software. While Google has assigned the issue in its tracker, it's been given a low priority and there has been no indication of an incoming fix. Those who have attempted to receive warranty service from Huawei have been rebuffed, with the OEM telling them the problem is not with the phone or the battery, but with Google's changes to the software. Interestingly, it seems the problem is most common in very cold climates. These are where we see reports of phones dying at upwards of 60% battery remaining indicated, which is obviously completely ridiculous. As some on the various threads point out, this could easily be a major safety issue. We have become deeply reliant on our smartphones to help us get around - be it hail an Uber, navigate us to our destination with a map, or simply to call or text a person to let them know where or when we'll be. Such functions have become so critical that suddenly having your phone die unexpectedly could actually place you in danger. Imagine if you were in an unfamiliar place (one without frequent taxis), late at night, trying to hail an Uber in exceptionally cold weather, and then your phone kicked the bucket. What would you do? This actually happened to one poster on reddit, who was fortunate enough to find a hotel where he or she was able to use a phone to call a friend (whose phone number they knew - how many people know each other's phone numbers these days?) to pick them up. What if your car broke down on a freezing night and you were unable to phone a tow company? Our world and infrastructure, and our very decision-making processes as humans, have started to evolve around the ubiquity of constant connection through our smartphones. Without them, we can be left feeling helpless. We'll be reaching out to Google about this to see if they have any comment. Source: Reddit, Google Code Tags nexus 6p nexus 6p battery dying early nexus 6p battery shuts off nexus 6p phone shuts off nexus 6p shuts down subscribe ... Previous Story AT&T launched free Call Protect feature with spam warnings, fraud blocking, and custom number ... ... Next Story T-Mobile's next 'Un-carrier' announcement will come on January 5th at CES Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → DaveS If only the One Plus 3T had a QHD screen, this 6P is turning into a piece of rubbish. Froggies I am living in tropical country and it still happens around 20%, fixed after replacing with new battery fatlantis Introducing forced obsolescence when planning isn't enough. Linh Feedback. It does work sometimes. maverick7526 https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/31ff0858463dce3005d122af1771be1674201f869957270e6de3b939a5bd5adf.png Happens to me Everytime I finish a run using mapmyfitness now. This morning my battery was a lil under 50%, and I go to save my workout, and it just flashes the battery saver screen and shuts down. The only way to get it to boot is to plug it in. It did this one other time when I was playing around with Google maps battery was around 40%. Hopefully Google can figure this crap out. jfbaudio I called Google while I was still under the 1 year warranty, they replaced it for me. The problem was creeping up, from shutdowns at 4%, then 7%, and so on to 20% when I had it replaced. It took about 2 months to get there. This was during the summer so cold weather didn't play into it. Scott Harris Haven't had this problem but last week I had problems with my phone freezing on me. Was forced to have to do the power + volume down button to turn it off. Left the Android beta and didn't restore any backups. Did that like 2 days ago and so far no freezes. Have already been considering switching to iPhone, but if this battery thing starts happening to my 6P then I'm done with Android. Matías Duarte 1-Get a Note 7 2-Wait until explodes 3-Warm your N6P with the Note flames 4-??? 5-Profit. melvin My dies at 15%. When I reboot. It's back 30%. Like wth. I assumed battery was shot. Rawhi Mohammad Sounds more and more like the iPhone.. this new Pixel strategy is getting crazier by the day. just_a_regular_citizen I have the problem with my 6P. It's been worse outside in the cold. I took a screenshot right after I plugged in and restarted. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5edefbc6313ef36d560ab07169dc6fa529e1d969dd6d2f0c6c2b43f8a7df673d.png ChuckDz3 This hit me very close to home! I was involved in a car accident over the weekend due to the icy road conditions in the midwest. In the middle of calling 911 for help my phone died. My battery was at 60% before I dialed the call. It was 8 degrees outside and almost stranded with no help. Luckily I was only 5 minutes away from my place and was able to walk home. This could have ended very different due to this issue! Robert A Lyon I have the issue, BUT it didn't originally begin at 7.0. Everything was okay until a couple weeks after the push out of 7.0, my whole phone went dark, no charge, wouldn't turn on, it was just a brick. It had restarted 3 times in a row, on the third restart just wouldn't do anything. Tried all the fixes recommended online. Sent back to Huwaii and on receipt back the phone turns on but the battery drain is present. Colder weather is worse and the battery goes dead anywhere from about 20% to 15% left to zero in a matter of a second or two. Battery saver mode comes on at 15% and it'll die on me. No problem before sending it in for the other power issue. Also get it back and the camera no longer focuses in close up. So in other words, I had no problem at the initial release of 7.0, it wasn't until the OEM got it and screwed it up. Adam C Just my speculation but I do not think any battery does well with rapid charging over the long term. I never charge my 6p with rapid charging and I still have great battery life on 7.0. for over a year. I wonder how may folks that have this issue uses rapid vs standard charging. Kid.Drunkadelic I kinda of feel bad to the guy I sold mine too then, I sold cause I thought Google was back to their old shit if not quality checking and dog flooding their code enough and my battery sucked. Sucked so bad I got a 6s plus now I see how much of dramatic change in battery life I now have. I might never come back Ernie So, is it hardware or software. Sounds like a hardware problem of sorts!!! Chris B Been having this issue for around a month as well. Shutoff is usually around 10-35% and seems worse in cool weather. onekage This happened to me today! Phone was left in cold car for few hours(16°F) , unlocked the device. Battery read 58% suddenly it powered off and would not come back on. Brought inside and put on charger 61% battery. This in not acceptable. I live in a freezing cold climate 7-8 months out of the year. I'm on 7.1.1. If this continues I'll be selling the phone or getting a replacement. Dakota Rickel So should I ask Google for a replacement or wait for more news about what the exact issue is and how they plan to fix it? MisterJ Sure the battery problem is an issue, but does it pose a material danger? I don't think so. Humans have lived without phones for millennia. If you are so dependent on your phone that you think you're gonna die without it, you need to rethink your life, and come up with different contingency plans that don't require a phone. With that said, i own a nexus 6p, and i have seen phone die at around 10 to 15%, but a few nights ago, i was able push the battery all the way down to 1%. Maybe being on the Android beta program has something to do with it? va_d1m How about this situation: - stayed out really late, about ~8.5km from the home for the first time in few years. - battery died at 25%, unable to get Uber (which has been our main form of cab service for a number of years for multiple reasons). - no cabs would take me home because "it's too short a fare during shift change-over time" which is illegal but happens all the time (Melbournians would understand), - walked home Sure, I did not feel in any danger and I know my city well but since we have become so reliant on our phones (and phone companies are complicit in commoditising smart phone ownership), when they break it causes severe inconvenience to our lives. Extrapolate that to being a tourist in a foreign country the outcome can be more than just inconvenient.. MisterJ Just think about what your parents' generation would have done. It's that simple. Brett Sewell I just went through three weeks of -20 weather with the update no issues but I certainly wouldn't trust my life to my phone either in a snowstorm Tom Z I had mine shut down at 38% once. Most of the time it's around 25% when it shuts down. It doesn't even get a chance to go into battery saver. I hope Google fixes this soon. Kyle Salewski Has been happening to me a TON in the past 2-3 weeks! I thought it was just me with a faulty battery. I do see it in very cold temps, it's been negative degrees or single digits here in Milwaukee quite a few days in the past few weeks.seems to be anything under 30 or 25% and then POOF!, dead. About a week ago I was getting an Uber and shut off after I requested it. Luckily I remembered the make and license of the car picking me up downtown. I would have been stuck out in the freezing snow without a phone. It happened Sunday night and again Monday night of this week. I did run the 7.1.1 update AFTER I charged it back up last night after it died. Hopefully this update changed something, but I'm not holding my breath. KingOfRedLions7 So this is common? Mine started doing this recently at around 25% and aside from that it also drained probably around twice as fast as it should have. Then I got a new battery replacement and the day after it died around 80% but I recalibrated the battery and it's been working good as new since then. If it really is the software accelerating hardware failure than I'm going to be pissed if it starts having problems again. :/ Cory Wilson Reading this on my 6p. Haven't noticed an issue yet and hopefully I won't. But I also thought I was immune to the g4 bootloop of death problem and then it happened and it sucked. psychomaniac189 did anybody email huawei and get a response? what was the response? mine was, Thank you for contacting Huawei Device USA. We're so sorry to hear about the battery issues you've been experiencing with your Nexus. Please guide to the following troubleshooting steps to attempt to correct the charging issue. If the steps are successful but you are still experiencing battery drainage, please contact us at 1-888-548-2934. 1. Plug your charger into the wall before plugging it into your phone. 2. Hold down the power button. 3. Without letting go of the power button, plug your phone into the charger. 4. Continue to hold the power button for another 20 seconds. The phone should begin to charge normally. Noam I have this issue too. I live in Israel, haven't noticed any connection to temperature. I hope they fix this, it's driving me mad! Wilson X Nearly 40% have this issue, voted by Chinese N6P users. https://plus.google.com/u/0/+WilsonX/posts/eS6ANzEMprR wadea This problem started very soon after I updated to 7.0. It also coincided with a trip I took to South Korea; the first time I ever traveled to a non-english country. My phone died without warning at 15% one night during my trip, and although I had a reasonable amount of information written down, I still ended up stranded due to the inability to access my phone, and being in a 'suburban' area of Seoul with very few services. So yah, it can be a safety issue. I'm aware of the problem now, so when I leave again for Korea in a month, for a year this time, I'm resolving the issue by replacing my phone. I can't be in a foreign country, and have an unreliable phone in my pocket. Morten Ulv I thought that it was related to me using the 60w chromebook pixel charger for the phone. Never died above like 12% and it has been a while since I had the problem. But possibly because I charge it in time... Fartknocker Had the problem once when I took the phone out of my pocket and put it in my center console while I was driving home. It was in the single digits that night. When I got it indoors, it worked fine again and the true, original battery amount came back. Gavin Dunsire I seem to be having this issue with my Pixel (not XL model). Dorothygroybal Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !sr396c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !sr396c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash686DigitalNextGetPay$97Hour... ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★::::::!sr396c:....,..... twizzlerite Thank you for reporting this! Apparently, Huawei and Google just want to blame each other, while we users have to deal with the problem. Eoghan Murphy I'm seeing similar behaviour on my Moto G4 plus, and its not cold in Brisbane. Phone just shuts off randomly and when powered back on battery life is significantly reduced. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/706643efc8f98525f285b681ac3481677d6ca2c38c7c8b1620e5ca2f8e44e624.png Marc Westermann Seeing exactly the same issues since 7.0 on my Nexus 6P. The device shuts off when it hits the 15% threshold for the batterysaver. I contacted google multiple times for an RMA but they keep saying it's apps and that I should factory reset and not use apps for several days to confirm the issue. Eventually I got someone to send me the RMA link as I saw that they would charge you the full price of the nexus 6P if the returned device would be considered "flawless" in the eyes of the google support. I talked it through with the gouvernment customer care center here in germany and they said that this is unacceptable but there is nothing I can do at the moment. Worst service experience ever. Check out the screenshots, it's fun! /s https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/da1b67aa1745daaa6c04379733cecb5d1423f4555bae8ddeaf1f9d66fa67b404.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/54e3430ee46793e40bc03539c9c2f72e32df6893bb5f5a742d95ff4ad887b533.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/5f87b86e96716feb8fd4b94d202750630c0ddf98f297f357f9a095af4b962113.jpg https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/6f6295d0e83ce0143d97df04c8bfdfc328bd9be95086bb09851f2385781f6a4d.jpg Stefano Miranda Hi. I am also here in Germany, but I have the big problem that my German is not really that good, so I was not able to find any Huawei customer center neither am I able to talk to the customer support in German. What makes it even more complicated is that I bought it on Amazon France, and I don't speak french either so I cannot complain with them. Please, if you have any information that may be relevant, send me a comment down below. I am even willing to pay for a new battery, this problem is really frustrating. Marc Westermann Wow, that's quiet a situation you got yourself into. As far as I can tell, there are Huawei shops in many major cities in Germany. There is also a support hotline from which I would assume that they talk at least basic english. But I think your best chance would be to contact Amazon in your origin country. I could imagine that they could help you as well. If not, I'd try Amazon France in english. Stefano Miranda I live in Munich but I did not see any Huawei shop here. do they also offer customer service in the shops? do you have a list? If I google for that I just find the Design Center here in Munich and not the Handy's shop LOL Marc Westermann Just search for them on google maps. I don't know if they offer customer service, but I'd assume that. It's pretty standard in germany for shops to also offer assistance on products. mchalakov What would you do? Hmmm I don't know .. WALK! Like all the 'poor' humans do where there is no Uber. And just change the battery... Josh They will never admit anything. They literally kept making us wait with ridiculous request after ridiculous request until finally the warranty expired for issues we had with bend gate and the glass popping out randomly with normal use. Google has purposely scammed a lot of people with this phone. Never will I ever purchase another Nexus or pixel product. Brian Michael Last week I gave up my Nexus 6p after battery drain issues and also when I upgraded to Nougat 7.1 my 6p kept bootlooping. So, I just bought a OnePlus 3T to hold me over. I am very pleased. I'll definitely think twice before buying another Google phone. Matt I am having issues with the battery, drops fast. And turns off randomly below 14% I did contact google, my device is less than 6 months old. They are replacing it for free. Aniket Vasishth I am glad that AP wrote an article on this.. at least now it will be taken seriously by Google Cenzo Great. The way this author writes, it won't be long before smartphones will be declared a necessity. paulmike3 For you, it might never be. For others, it is. Don't judge what you don't understand completely. Cenzo You obviously don't understand what basic human necessities are. paulmike3 I do. If we were talking about basic human necessities, I would agree with you. We're not. You said "necessity", which is a different classification. A car, a phone, electricity, heat, etc. are all necessities in my life (home, work). Without them, I would be in a critical safety situation, given the 12F temperature outside right now. The article remains spot on. Cenzo Corrected for context. Latheryin If you think it is then you have bigger issues then battery problems. There is nothing to understand. Might want to check anyone that thinks it is as they have some very big mental issues. Jonas Andersson Mine dies every night at about 15%. I have battery saver at 15% but the screen turns orange and about the same times it dies. Victory Hand I used to have this issue but 7.1.1 seems to have fixed it. Laird Rixford Mine always happens after using the camera. Even at 25%+. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/bbea09d0194204d95339235943431ae6a221f8a4e195dc3a98d6a53a024fc310.png w https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8db3f5c513a96eafe8f20c1d778f421d2f4a7f072c60c59f588f59959ac515cd.png Russell I've had the same issue after updating my Pixel XL to 7.1.1. I contacted Google support and they said other users are experiencing the same issue. Hopefully a fix comes soon because my phone shuts off sometimes with just less than 50%!! https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/343c7bd4c50adb1781ede1d1bd3de748fb0b529b5ed87694d38ed96d8216c77f.png paulmike3 This is good info, thanks! If you haven't already, please post this on the Android bug report thread as well (and state that it's happening on your Pixel XL) -> https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=227849 Michael Hall This is a big fat joke. It is crap like this which makes the iPhone look more and more tempting. If I'm anywhere near 20% then open up a high drain app like Snapchat, it just dies. I love Google, but Christ they are useless. Andre Natale David, please stay on top of this. I thought I was alone In this issue but I am glad you made light of it. dblock The behavior of this is very strange, as it happens to me, but usually never above 30% battery remaining. It only happens to me when I use something that seems to be resource-intensive. I noticed that it mainly happens when I use my camera while the battery is below 30%, or something that utilizes the camera, like Snapchat. Otherwise it seems like I can drain my battery down to 0 if I don't use my camera. I have never seen it randomly shut off while using anything else, that I can recall anyhow. Still, I assume something like Uber might also cause this behavior, especially when you are awaiting a ride to show up and the ride tracker map is up, as that is probably somewhat resource-heavy. Either way, it is unacceptable. For me, this started happening as soon as I started using Nougat in general, not 7.1.1 specifically. Initially I thought it was just a result of custom ROMs, however now that Nougat is more widely available, it looks like that is not the case at all. Chris Babes This has really been effecting me greatly! Please fix. I'm at the point where I may have to get a new phone. I work outdoors in Ontario, Canada. So frustrating and dangerous. Robert Andersson Buy a Huawei. melvin my just did it at 37%.. so frustration. Alex O’Brien Same thing happens to me although I live in a warm climate (California) and, to the best of my recollection, has only happened once my battery is around 15%. It is definitely a safety issue. sodsavage Having this same issue, didn't know it was a widespread problem. Believe it or not, I was actually assaulted because of this issue affected a situation. RVCA It sounds like only a small amount of people are impacted. Haha Suckers!! Arman G This has actually happened to me recently. It was like -10C, phone had a 50% charge left and died on me, just as my Uber driver went past me. So I missed the Uber and the ability to get to my destination in time. I had to rely on m my work iPhone the rest of the night. See the screenshot of the battery meter. No explanation for the sharp power dip. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cf7a5e1479a23d65e57b6cd424f788820e14c622977f8b62b35cbeaecce7211a.png Ger PG I live in the not-so-cold weathers of Mediterranean Europe but yesterday I spent a whole day in Prague at -5 ºC and my phone kept dying at 35%. Later at night I saw this article in Android Police describing this issue and I felt like you were explaining my day. I spent 550€ on this phone 6 months ago, so they'd better be fixing this soon. By the way, I am still running Android 6.0.1, so add this build to the list of affected ones. jobber99 this happened to me starting in september, i was on 7.0 i believe--would get to 15% and then down to 0. i called google store support, and they replaced my 6p. it is now also happening to my wife's phone, on 7.1.1, but it's too late i think for her to call google store support as the phone is > 1 year old now Kelly This happens to me. The first time I was out of town (and the phone was a month old) so it was extra scary. I didn't know this is what was happening but now that you describe it, it fits. I pull my phone out of my purse and it won't cut on. I have to plug it in and wait for at least 30 seconds before the power button will turn it back on. It does not show the battery charging icon either, so it looks bricked. Scary!!! It's happened twice. I also notice it shutting down and/or restarting itself all the time but I think that's the stupid button sensitivity. Kelly Oh and this was way before 7.0 (it was August this year) and was indoors in a moderate climate. staticx57 I've had mine shut down numerous times at around 30% and this was on MM Chris This actually just happened to me. I was inside, sitting at 60% battery, when my phone just powers off with the low battery warning. Thinking it was just a normal crash, I reboot it and went to to plug it on the charger anyway, it fully booted (off the charger) but then showed 2% battery remaining. I looked at the battery history, it has been running for 3 hours and was somewhere around 60-65% when it literally dropped to zero. And I hadn't barely used my phone except at the very start of the day. Didn't realize it was a widespread issue, also only happened once. ( My phone usually powers off at about 10% normally, I just assumed that was within the margin of error for battery prediction) Patrick Murphy Yep mine has been doing it since it got cold in upstate New York usually 30% or lower plus since Android 7.0 dropped seemed worse Fernando Pena Never happened to me after a full year of use... Martial Clausse Was waiting the train on the platform, in the cold, phone shut down at 30%. Tried turning it on again, as soon as boot animation finished it shut down again. Once in the train, I charged it a little, and it booted up with 29% battery. Kashif Sheikh After the most recent update, my Nexus 5x went into an unfixable bootloop, which apparently is a very common issue. Not sure if this is some joint hardware/software issue, but it seems to have been triggered after a software update: http://www.techtimes.com/articles/186940/20161125/lg-cant-fix-nexus-5x-bootloop-issue-so-its-offering-full-refunds.htm MarkM Thank you for reporting on this. My 6P shut down in 20 degree temps with 55% battery left while hiking in the wilderness. I was not able to restart until it was plugged into a charger. This is definitely a safety issue that Google needs to address as soon as possible. MarkM check it out: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/1ebf53c40e7e86db227443e8b655467e6a662ebae3bc6fdd181894458458ed3c.jpg Luxferro Hopefully you posted this on the Google issue tracker as well. Scott Kennedy Hah. I literally just had Google agree to an out-of-warranty replacement for this issue. I was expecting them to say no (I just needed documentation they wouldn't cover it), but the replacement arrived today. It'll make a nice gift for someone. Mine happened around 35%, indoors. Nothing to do with cold weather. Xu Mengran i am glad that people are paying attention to this. It has been keeping happening to me. the phone usually shuts off around 25% and needs to be connected to the socket otherwise cannot be turned on!!!! tibor ric Same on my Nexus 6p. Battery is dropping mast faster than when the phone was new... 3223 So much for fast updates while being half baked. Maybe oem's holding off updating their phones to rectify internal coding errors seems like a much better option than getting the fastest updates first and having these things happen.. Luke I usually don't comment, but articles like these are very important. So many issues that only occur after a certain time (especially once you're out of warranty) get swept under the rug and companies don't pay the price for making devices that don't last. I also find it worrying after reading some of the comments here, people with this issue actually consider solving the problem by buying a Pixel. Seriously guys, vote with your dollars and don't empower companies that treat you like shit. Let's hope Google can fix this. Luxferro Can we get this pinned at the top of the site until Google fixes it? If this gets no more press Google will take their sweet time fixing it, if at all. Rob Paek My 6P hasn't been shutting down but I feel like since the second to last update (I'm in the beta program) my battery life on standby is abysmal. Plus the emojis I send don't show up in the Messenger texting app (Google's, not Facebook). Brownstar No issues with mine tibor ric Living in Sweden. It was only 5°C outside... https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/8a00b2758b995826cf17b5f6a2c2eaee41230b56d9d301402f3ceba8f67f6c7e.png Matt Virus My 6p on marshmallow does this all the time...Sometimes at 20 or 25%....But yesterday I was doing outside work in the cold and my phone died at over 50%. Insp_Gadget Happens to me, regardless of the temperature. Happened this morning at 45% and I was indoors (hadn't been outside) for over 12 hours. imdevu Started happening on my 6P from yesterday. And suddenly it is a nightmare. Especially since 6P is my primary device (and the only one I carry) Robert Andersson Google is implementing the iPhone feature where batteries die at 30 %. Ricardo Torres My nexus 6p recently started showing this problem. Jon E. This happened to me last week while driving in my cold car during below-freezing temperatures outside. It was connected to the USB-C car charger and running Google Maps Navigation. It had around 50% battery and it randomly shut itself off, did not come back on by itself. I had to dangerously pull over while the sleet/ice was getting worse with the freezing wind, and when I turned it back on, it came on and then immediately turned itself off again. I literally SAT on my damn phone for 7-10 mins until it warmed up, then it booted up okay, but it showed 13% battery for some reason...I've been worried about it, and now here I am seeing this is a widespread issue; wonderful. Shay Carmel The issue is not because of cold environment. I live in Israel where it's 23 degrees or more and it happend to me as well, battery drain and shuts down at 16 percent. Ceridwen I've had it happen with up to 38% battery life remaining on mine. Seems to occur most often when the phone is even marginally cold (30 degree weather, phone in coat pocket) and I activate the camera. Made my husband quite angry with me once for not telling him my phone was low before it died while I was at the park with our daughter. Rather frustrated at this point because I've already RMA'd the phone twice for rebooting issues where it would refuse to turn back on for hours at a time. Not impressed with quality control for this device. Diwa Galvez Does the issue persists in 7.1.1? Mine is still on Marshmallow, and I've been holding out on the upgrade. weictay My 6P was just upgraded to 7.1.1 a few days ago and yesterday, I noticed my phone had shut down at 25% battery life. Never had this happened before while it was 7.0 so this was a surprise. Stephen Cornwell Happened to me today: https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/e10378fd3532e7e6b183e2085e162a4bf1f2e8b7307c1854d33caf1a2dcb1faa.png Left on the side of the road in -2°C because my phone died and I couldn't call to be picked up. Running 7.1.1 so it's obviously not fixed yet. Gerardo Sarabia I broke my pixel so while fixing it decided to use my Nexus 6p. Is dying at about 33%. Ridiculous. Any news on this? Trevor I was at 75% and this just happened as I was playing with my dog outside (I live in Canada so it is cold) and the phone just dies! I just got the phone 4 months ago too. Andrey I have the same problem. Was snowboarding at Stevens Pass in WA and just ten minutes after I hit the slopes the phone died at 40% battery. The temperature outside was 15F. Basically phone renders useless in mellow cold weather. Any updates on the fix? EastOakland510 Same thing is happening to my phone too usually after 20% Alexander Gontar Any feedback from Google or Huawei on this article? Tom Frascone (theorie) Just recently developed this problem on my Nexus 6P purchased in Jan 2016. Currently running 7.1.1 and when my battery hits 20% it divebombs to around 10% before automatically shutting off. It's winter, but I live in Florida and it's been around 70F the past month...so not sure temp is an issue. Just called Google and they said my phone is still in warranty (by only a few days) and they are going to replace it. eastprecinctguy That just happened to me tonight. Out of the country, late at night, trying to get back to the hotel, cold out - phone dies with plenty of battery life. Won't turn back on. Thank God I brought my portable charger. Not good. TrOpAzR So I just spent the last 40 minutes with Google Chat Support regarding this issue. I was the owner of a launch device and had zero issues with this phone until 7.1.1. 3-4 weeks ago my phone started shutting off between 5-10% battery. I took multiple screenshots and submitted them to Google Support. They pointed me to a list of 30 different things that I should do for "optimal" use but eventually RMA'd the device after the problem persisted even after a full wipe and reflash of the latest system images. I received my replacement device today and let it hang out on 7.0 which is what it shipped with. Battery acted completely normal and the phone was behaving really well. Had a persistent notification to upgrade to 7.1.1 and reluctantly accepted. Phone lasted about 15 minutes off the charger before it died near 25-30% battery. Attached is the screenshot. This is absolutely unacceptable. I have since been back in contact with Google Chat Support and they've promised to escalate this to a "specialist". Before I RMA'd my original device I asked them if this would continue to be a problem. They assured me that the refurbished replacement would be "tested to the highest standards" and that I would have nothing to worry about. Literally less than 3 hours after receiving the replacement device the problem is even worse than it was with my original device. Since it was on 7.0 when I received it they obviously didn't even test the replacement with the 7.1.1 update to ensure there were no issues with the software.. Simple deduction leads me to believe that this is absolutely a problem with 7.1.1. The 7.1.1 software update is obviously borking SOMETHING on this device. In addition, my old device suffered from the "echo" problem on phone calls for multiple months. However, I refused to believe there was an issue and would always tell the other person it was THEIR phone. Found out real quick that I was incorrect when I saw the thread about this issue here on XDA.. Sure, the phones aren't exploding like the Note 7.....but Google has a serious issue on their hands that they must address quickly. Unfortunately, I don't think they will. We must demand that this problem is fixed....and fixed soon. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/25eca7a15aad8a3b2a76adcefdd9d963140ea4355aa44d05663207124c0ac04e.png Ray My phone used to die around 5% when I used to take walks in the park. I thought it might have just been an issue with the phone not having enough energy to handle the gps, so I ignored it. Yesterday I was waiting for an Uber and I saw my driver go past me on the map. He called me, and right after I tried to speak the phone shut off completely. I had about 34% battery but couldn't turn the phone back on. I'm lucky he didn't just give up and go home or it would have been a major inconvenience. I owned two Nexus 6 phones and both had a similar issue as well. With the 6 there was some over heating that I think caused the issue, but back when I had a Galaxy S3 I had bad overheating and the battery never behaved like that. I feel like since they introduced all of this rapid charging technology these smartphone batteries are starting to fail quicker. Shaik Shahir I don't have the battery issue most of the time , but I think it's related to cold , becuz whenever I keep my AC on it gets damn cold inside the room and at that time my phone shuts down but when it's not cold it works perfectly . Israel Rodriguez I just went from loving my Nexus the first year after release and as soon as that update rolled out I just have grown to hate my phone I once loved. Such a shame Google is hiding from this waiting for things to blow over. I wish they do a recall or something to get it fixed otherwise this is the worst investment I've ever made Stephen Metz-Lago Same thing. Take a picture or video in cold weather and game over, even with over 50% charge. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/c8faa6cbe1d087a3b07ba213803feed31f0f32c80e9e7220d48ad30a8b5ea1ef.png Ching-Wang Hung Thanks for reporting this but were you able to get comments from Google on this issue yet? Huawei customer support keeps saying it's a software issue and refused to provide any repairs or replacements even though my phone is still within warranty. I'm really disappointed in them and will never buy their products again. Richard Y I would always tell everyone the biggest draw of this phone is now for once, I never had to think about battery life, ever. How fast things change. Those who feel it's Nougat or the weather are mistaken. These problems started occuring when the Pixel was released - Google made sure the Nexus 6P had problems a) to get nexus owners to jump ship go Pixel and b) any bad publicity on the Nexus would ensure there would be no debate as to whether someone had to decide between the 6P and a Pixel. Weh Yeoh This issue is online in a few blogs, it's also on Google's issue tracker but as a low priority, (https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=227849) which is poor form. It doesn't seem like Huawei are taking it seriously either. This issue has been unresolved for me since October. I think it's time to step it up so I've just purchased two domains, googledoesntlisten.com and huaweidoesntlisten.com. One might be able to redirect to the other. My idea is that we can post screenshots of our battery issues, our locations, and maybe a one sentence line like "I was stuck in the snow when my phone's GPS shut down" to hammer home the reality of the issue here. This might get Google and Huawei to do something, especially since it's affecting a lot of people. Problem is, I'm very poor on website design. Now that i have purchased the domains, who is willing to help me get them set up? roseskegg It happens to me all the time, and I live in the Bay Area! It's never below 45 degrees, but my phone just shut off today at 40% Tomasimpo I have been suffering from early battery shutoffs for the past month or so. Finally having had enough of waiting for Google to release a software fix for this issue I called the UK Google support and CSR immediately said it was an known issue affecting a very small number of handsets. I asked for a new handset and they said yes immediately. I now have a brand new 6p on 7.1.1 without the issue. My handset was purchased at launch from the Google Store so was over 12 months old so was expecting a fight for a new handset. Anyone in the UK who got their handset direct from Google I suggest you phone them and get yourselves an shiny new 6p. TBolt My Nexus 6P died the other day at around 20% battery life (I'm in warm Orange County, California). I started googling the issue to see if there have been any known fixes for the problem -- sadly nothing from Google or Huawei. Very disappointing for Google Android & Huawei. Justin Alick Have had this problem since December 2016, with shutdowns (and inability to restart until charging) guaranteed between 15-20% and once at 50%. This has been hugely disruptive to my professional and personal life - I recently swapped from Samsung to Google's native phones and will move on if the company doesn't fix this problem soon. Akabari I know this old but I wanted to point out this happens to me a lot, and I once had to walk 4 miles in below zero temps and stay at a hotel because of it Ricardo N Feliciano It may not be effective, but I've made a Change.org petition for this issue (and the bootloop issue as well): https://www.change.org/p/google-support-acknowledge-nexus-6p-issues Phillip Mwaniki I bought a nexus 6p a month ago and it still has this issue. Can't trust google anymore. Qadir Ali khan problem not with the device problem is with android N factory image. even I am also facing this problem when first I upgrade to android N 7.0 and problem is continues until I decide to step to custom rom . now I am on Pure Nexus rom android 7.1.1 and phone performance is awesome with a great battery life without any issue . Ricardo N Feliciano I made a petition for this problem: https://www.change.org/p/google-support-acknowledge-nexus-6p-issues Margaritas Ante Porcos This happened to my 6p now after 7.1.2 update. I am beyond furious with Google. Josh Temperature may affect it, but it's a correlation only... not the cause. It's definitely a hardware problem, but it was brought out with Nougat. We have two Nexus 6Ps. One is on Sprint (CDMA) and one is on AT&T (GSM). The Sprint one does have the problem and the AT&T one does not (regardless of temperature). Google sent me a free replacement for the Sprint one (outside of my warranty I might add because they seem to know that it is some form a hardware issue). The new phone didn't have the problem for the first few days of testing it just on Wifi. But the first day I put in the Sprint sim card and activated service, it started the bug again... this time it was actually worse (before it would die at 20-30%; this one dies at 40%). So it may be a CDMA radio problem that causes some glitch in battery level reporting with Nougat. jamesacres I wonder if I am having the same issue as I have the exact same problem but on the older first edition Nexus 5! It has been totally fine but recently randomly shuts off even if the battery is high percentage and doesn't show any shut down message. It seems to happen more often when you're using it when on the move (has been cold in England so might be related) and doesn't happen at all if it is plugged into​ battery pack. ali jawad I experience a sudden shutdown every now and then at around the 30% level. Annoying, but I still am getting a good charge that lasts until I get home after work. Just hoping it's not a potential fire hazard. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/47e975fdfd2774776983941155f26dd5864257470d2b4fe37b793945ef75e3ff.png ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 320 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 100 queries | 0.337s | forge Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Some Pixel and Nexus fingerprint sensors not working after Android 7.1.2 update Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 12:17pm PDTApr 14, 2017 51 Plus 1 on G+ 50 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares166 Bug Watch Device Updates News Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Pixel Pixel XL A number of Google Pixel and Nexus users are reporting that their fingerprint sensor is no longer working after the latest Android OS update. Several members of the Pixel and Nexus communities on Google's product forums have encountered the issue since installing the Android Nougat 7.1.2 OTA. The issue appears to be affecting both the Pixel and Pixel XL, as well as the LG-made Nexus 5X and Huawei Nexus 6P. Reports suggest that while the Pixel and Nexus Imprint sensors are no longer granting access to the devices, the swipe down for notifications Moves gesture is still functional. Attempts to solve the problem by deleting pre-existing fingerprints and starting from scratch haven't worked, as error messages are preventing new prints from being added to the devices. As usual, we'll update if we hear any official word from Google about the issue, hopefully regarding a fix. Source: Pixel User Community forum, Nexus Help Forum Tags 5x 6P bug bug watch fingerprint Imprint nexus pixel pixel xl subscribe ... Previous Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. ... Next Story Google officially moves the AOSP issue tracker away from Google Code Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Andrew Palmer No issues here. 6P. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article Removed VAVAMk_2 Same thereasoner Same here with my Pixel. Suicide_Note No issues on my XL or 6P. Good_Ole_Pinocchio 6p has never given me those issues either... But it is slower than most newer scanners. Nick Which is to be expected. It's still fine. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article defeated. If you do get it expect to lose all unsaved data. Then if want refund you will need to go to court. Sean Please GO AWAY....you have said this TWICE.......Its NOT the Nexus 5 and 6 Mr Brainiac....its the 5X and 6P......which are TOTALLY different than the Nexus 5 and Nexus 6. Max Same here with my XL. elav Me too. No issues on my XL.. Nicholas Matranga My Nexus 5x works just fine after the update. kalehv Sometimes my Pixel XL asks for pattern even after it recognizes my fingerprint (no, I am not talking about the first time after reboot). Rebooting the device works but why does this happen? Nathan Bryant I've also experienced this. It's random. Not so often it's a bother for me. kalehv Yup not so often with me either but being a mobile developer what bothers me is this happening, not the inconvenience it causes. Nathan Bryant That totally makes sense. I assume it's some kind of error even though it's not stating that it is. I don't see the pattern or constant of what causes it when it happens. mattcoz It does that after more than 48 hours have passed since you've last used your pattern. kalehv Nop its not that either. It does that after 4 hours I think. And it should do that only once after 4 hours but not keep doing that until you reboot. mattcoz It's definitely 48 hours, that comes straight from Google. But if it continues to do so, then that's something else. Mgamerz I've had it happen on my Nexus, it just occasionally requires a PIN. Says it's 4 hours of non usage but that doesn't seem true, sometimes I wake up and no pin and sometimes I'll be on and off the phone and it'll require a pin. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Typical. Google needs to fire some of their geniuses and hire some diligent coders, and also diligent testers for their QA department (assuming they even have one -- I sincerely doubt it). Middlefinger Oh really. Nexus/Pixel/Google error 4.453.563 this year alone. Im shocked (not really). Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Best hot steaming pile of dog s**t 2016. SpeakethTheTruth I think you might be on to something with that last paragraph. Cause for real, quality control is out of control right now. sebastianer If fixed my 6P bad battery life and early shutdown only replacing the stock Huawei battery with other battery with different brand (no need to wipe the phone in the process...) Several people did the same and is enjoying the battery life they were having when they bought the phone more than a year ago: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=3534410 You could even try a Huawei battery replacement...but they say they aren't original. I just went for another brand because of the bad experience I had with the stock battery durability I don't know in the Pixel. But in the 6P in 90% of the cases...this is just a problem of the Huawei stock battery. Kendall Gustafson “Pixel”, the word sounds like the color pink. “Pixel” sounds like a little girl’s toy. Most men would never put a phone in their pocket named “Pixel” unless they were a cross/dresser. The word “Pixel” equates to a 50% loss of market share from the male market. “Nexus”, the word does not sound female or male. “Nexus”, the word sounds like science, desirable to any man, woman, or child. “Nexus”, the word sound like domination of market share. kalehv Hahaha that made me laugh. No I do not agree. I am a Pixel owner man and I am not whatever you said they'd be if they owned one but I laughed for some reason. Christian Trevor Clauss I must be a cross dresser then :D mattcoz Real men aren't insecure about what their phones are named. Middlefinger Except that the Nexus sold poorly and was generally complete junk Van_Hammersly Most of us have exited adolescence. bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9bd2ce0665c300ab872edc5e5fa1ef348b87f551cc01532d17bf41264dd126c1.jpg Bruce Wayne Google is really dropping the ball. We just can't have a stable, functioning phone that works. I just had to send my phone in for repair because it went into boot-loop after the recent update. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google: "It compiled with warnings but no errors. Must be ready to go." Bruce Wayne Nothing about Google or Android came up. What are you getting at? Middlefinger This isnt device specific, its a fault in Android itself. Google has become really bad lately with poor quality control. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Even Chrome is going to the dogs. Seriously, Google is staffed by a bunch of incompetent high-paid prima donnas. paxmos At least, Google is not charging an arm and a leg for their phones ;-) 2kool4skool Lol, $869 for a phone that doesn't have waterproofing, wireless charging, expandable storage, and ois is not charging an arm and leg? paxmos Didn't you see the wink? 2kool4skool Apologies, I just woke up and haven't fully recovered when I read your comment, my sarcasm detector didn't work really well that time. Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,...... athorax Can't tell if joking or.... He wasn't telling you to google that phrase, that is what google says when they release a new build of android. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Exactly. If it compiles, it's ready. No need to test or anything. Too much trouble for the geniuses at Google. They're so smart that if it compiles with just warnings, there couldn't possibly be any problems. John Doe I am sure that they do test it but there are things that go wrong...obviously those bugs will be in the spotlight on an Android blog meaning in real life they are probably affecting a small number of users. This is why you do a roll out of the OTA not just dump it all out there. Bruce Wayne Ohhh...Lol. I just re-read his statement now. neates Pixel and Nexus - rich beta testers... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Rich alpha testers. asifalimirza No issues two weeks after the update. I have a Verizon Pixel XL Necronos Yeah, sometimes it doesn't wanna read my finger, really annoying and sometimes I have to reboot. Nope.jpeg If you are reading this, set you Disqus profile to private, if you'd like. I just found out today that it's available. EvilHowl That has been availiable since years Nope.jpeg >I just found out today that it's available. I meant that I just discovered it today. 7-down But it has been there for years! bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/65fbb30db9562d2071d7be874cf7e6b0b6724c0c6b0333a36a817e13eef2bd99.gif Kougeru Thanks tigerstown Another so called pixel issue and yet I have never had one that's been reported. It blows my mind been on 7.1.2 sense the factory imgs dropped Sean Same for me.....my Pixel XL hasnt had a single reported issue so far......... Donovan Goodwin Using mine actually causes phone to restart. Updating to 7.1.2 caused this and it even happens on ROMs. JG W00t! For once I don't suffer from Atrem's Luck... My 5X still lets me in with my fingerprint :) Doomberg I updated just last night. Glad I didn't get hit with this issue. nickarli 6P - had 4 fingers registered, right index stopped working after the update but other 3 still fully functional. I thought it was the massive amount of Utah dust in my fingers all of a sudden, but I guess not Defenestratus There's that vaunted Google QA again. This is how you get more Samsung. New_Guy Yep 4Ui812 Why is Google having app many issues with the Fixel ? Sruly J Except since it's also affecting Nexus devices, this is more of a software issue in 7.1.2 than a hardware issue for Pixel devices. Defenestratus Because IIRC they use Agile software development. Agile is how you get shitty software. Lawstorant I've never thought I would say such thing, but I'm getting fed up with all the "issues" Google is facing with every update. On the Nexus 6, they went as far as to roll it back to 7.0. They should really step up their game especially if, they are fully responsible for every aspect of the device from now on. EvilHowl No issues on my 5X wade_county I thought these Pixels weren't supposed to be beta products? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ They aren't. They're outrageously expensive alpha products. And they even have one defect (halo-cam) that can't be fixed in software. Still the best steaming pile of dog s**t of 2016, though. Everyone should buy one. Everyone who likes dog s**t anyway. Apparently people do, since HTC has shipped 2 million since launch. Kougeru I bad a Pixel for a week and took dozens of photos with no halo Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good for you. Phandroid did an LG G6 vs. Pixel photo comparison. 4 out of 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the 22 G6 pictures had halos. They were all pictures of the same things, obviously with the same lighting. Google admits it's a design defect. If Google admits it, it's kind of hard to pretend it doesn't exist. whispy_snippet No one denies it's an issue. But what you seem incapable of accepting is it's a very minor issue that only very rarely rears its head. If you actively try to shoot an image with a strong light source angled towards the sensor (something you generally don't do because it often results in a poor shot on any camera) you might experience a halo effect. Might. But I've got literally hundreds of photos taken with my Pixel with no halos. You can choose to believe whatever exaggerated narrative you want to fuel your juvenile rage fits. But people who actually use a Pixel every day don't seem to have a problem worth caring about. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It has nothing to do with a strong light source angled toward the sensor. That's normal lens flare. The Pixel halos are NOT normal lens flare. Like I said 4 out of 22 pictures. That's 18% of the pictures they took, and they didn't have strong light sources angled toward the sensor. 18% is not a rare problem, especially when the G6 NEVER had halos with the same exact pictures. Google admitted it's a flaw. Get over yourself and stop trying to justify it. whispy_snippet And like I said, I've taken hundreds of pictures and have seen a halo perhaps a couple of times. And I take a lot of photos given video and photography is my day job - indeed one of the reasons I chose the Pixel is because I wanted the best phone camera available for the times I don't have my proper gear with me. I've seen countless comparisons between the Pixel, iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 edge and while they're all great, in most situations the Pixel takes what I consider the better shot. You're making mountains out of molehills and carrying on like a right twat in the process. P. Sherman ANECDOTAL EVIDENCE DOESN'T MEAN JACKS--- if in scientific tests under controlled environments and the same conditions, the Pixel produced the halo effect, which Google has acknowledged to be a design deficiency standard on LITERALLY EVERY PIXEL MADE, but other cameras feature no such halo effect. FFS whispy_snippet I'm not denying there's an issue! I'm saying it's being blown out of proportion by people who want to blow it out of proportion. P. Sherman Referencing a scientific, controlled test and camera comparison is NOT blowing this out of proportion. Blowing out of proportion would be something how the Wall Street Journal set out to destroy PewDiePie for boneheadedly saying "Death to all Jews" as a joke. But referencing a camera comparison in exactly the same conditions and one phone had a halo effect but the other didn't is science, fact, nothing to blow out of proportion there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good luck arguing with a Google fanboy in deep denial. thereasoner He's actually making solid points, the Pixels do have the best cameras overall​ and all smartphone cameras have some issues. whispy_snippet Show me the link to the test. I would like to see it. Even if their results suggest there's an issue (which there is as we all agree), the significance of the results can still be blown out of proportion which is what we're seeing occur in this ridiculous discussion. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here you go again. phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ Now that I've viewed the pics again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. Two involve a bright light. The other 3 do not. So that's 23% of 22 pictures. I wouldn't say that's blowing things out of proportion. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. Yeah, you paid a lot for your Pixel, so you have a hard time admitting it's a steaming pile of dog s**t. I understand. whispy_snippet Yep, so as we've agreed, halos sometimes appear in shots with strong light sources pointing at or angled towards the edge of the sensor. But let's just ignore the purple flaring and chromatic aberation in at least four of the images from the LG, right? You're demonstrating selective criticism. Every camera has strengths and weaknesses but on balance, the Pixel offers better images than competing phones more often than not. My position is unchanged. You're both making mountains out of molehills, and in no way does this "scientific" test guarantee that 23% of photos taken with a Pixel will exhibit a halo. It simply shows 23% of photos taken in this example demonstrated halos. You're both being completely ridiculous. It's like some sort of sorry crusade to demonise a great product by focusing on a tiny negative while ignoring all the positives. No one ever said the Pixel is perfect. But only you two are using ridiculous, extreme labels like "steaming pile of dog shit" and "HARDWARE DEFICIENCY" as though using capital letters makes your odd ball assertions more valid. Most reputable tech reviewers agree the Pixel has the best overall smartphone camera. You're entitled to disagree. P. Sherman 4/22. 4/22 photos from the Pixel have a halo effect. That's from Phandroid. That's 18% of photos the Pixel. That alone is damning. Google themselves have acknowledged that it is a HARDWARE DEFICIENCY and software fixes have done little to address this. They admitted it was there, that's all we need. If you knew that 4/22 Burritos Chipotle made would give you the Runs, but ZERO/22 Burritos Taco Bell made would, would YOU still choose to eat at Chipotle? whispy_snippet Show me the test! I've asked twice now. P. Sherman Lena Flare was removed from the photos, but not the video. http://highonandroid.com/android-smartphone-news/the-truth-about-google-pixel-camera-halolens-flare-effect/ Also, someone in the official Google forums shot with their Pixel and Nexus 6P in the same Time, conditions, everything. Guess what? https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsrROqMaXHqHg/?hl=by Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ 3 halos are obvious, 1 is subtle. The subtle one is where the picture is looking up at a building's windows. Now that I've viewed them again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. mr.fozzo On my Nex6P, I have noticed that the Fingerprint reader has been less reliable lately. It requires more presses than the usual 1 press. Besnik Rrustemi My Nexus 6P working excellent so far, no battery problems, no fingerprint problems (better standby times on 7.1.2 to be honest). But yes,i can agree that fingerprint was much faster when i first got the device on 6.0 Marshmallow (for unlocking the device with the fingerprint) now it takes like 2 full seconds for that :( jimv1983 No issues on my Nexus 5X and the swipe on the sensor to bring down the notification panel is great. Alex Harrison Flashed the OTA myself on my 5X. No issues with it. Jeff Neston At least it is just the sensor. My nexus 5 was bricked by a Google update.. it got the boot loop. Google support lied to me claiming I broke the power button. False it was not broken. I ended up going small claims case against Google. They settled, but wanted me to sign gag order. Sorry, no way. I sent it back and got complete refund. Sneaky company. What probably causes boot loop update to occur is phone on long time. Some apps get memory leak over time. System then unpredictably unstable. Then the system does auto uplate from Google without asking user NOR even rebooting or turning off prior to the update. Then during update, Os gets corrupted. Then after failed update phone reboots thinking the. Update completed. Now phones dead. And Google not bother to address the issue. Pdiddy187 My 5x fingerprint sensor was great until it bootlooped yesterday morning. LG is going to repair it under warranty even though it's well out of warranty. La Kiesha Rodriguez Barrientes I have the ZTE axon 7 and over a month now google hasn't addressed a fix for the play store not loading apps over data or Wi-Fi.. Without uninstalling updates to play store and then maybe will not say "waiting for network" so frustrating and then maybe download once and have to do that everytime.. Dumb.. P. Sherman That's been like that since KitKat. F------ KITKAT. ahnafm Is google reacommodating their customers now? Brett Delia I thought some positive feedback was worth being added. My Nexus 6P is working perfectly after the update. I've had generally a great experience with all my Android phones. I've had an iPhone as well as a Windows mobile phone as well in my past. None have been as feature packed as my Android devices. New_Guy This and all the other ridiculous issues with the Pixel is a big reason I stick with Samsung... Fernando S Mine is working ok in my Nexus 5x running 7.1.2. It just failed once while I was on 7.1.1 and with a soft reset it came back to life Hank Is that a real screenshot in the story? Enrollment spelled wrong twice. SMH. ThisGuyFUX This is now icing on top of the cake, for anyone whom has enjoyed watching this crash and burn. If I paid $850+ for a Pixel, I'd be pursuing class action litigation by now. Slow clap. Sean Except its only affecting about 1% of the Pixels sold.........so......slow clap for you....... 2kool4skool It's gonna be sucks when you're in the 1%. And I doubt it's 1% anyway, this is probably the 20th article I've read about pixel's problems. That's alot. Probably more like 5%. Brian White Nexus 5x, running fine here ddevito If it wasn't for my OnePlus 3 I'd be on an iPhone. thereasoner One plus has their own issues/lousy support and the iPhone? They're the worst of them all when it comes to buggy software and hardware issues bricking devices ! MisterKraky I'm not having the fingerprint sensor issue myself, but after updating to 7.1.2, I can no longer install or update any apps! On a Verizon-issued Pixel here. Đức Thành What happened to all the testing, Google? It seems they have become too reliant on using Nexus users for beta-testing and now can't seem to do a proper job on their own. Get your grips together, Android team. Rob H. Nougat is such a half baked disaster of an OS. It's ruined my N6. Marshmallow was soon much more stable. Thanks google keep breaking phones. jacob Cant even spell enrolment correctly. Enrollment...... Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,....... vltkpr My sensor stopped working and all it took was a simple restart of my Nexus 6P to get it working again. Rakesh There is a known bug that after you unlock your phone the fingerprint sensor won't work for gestures - swipe down. There is no workaround for it so far other than to just press once and then it will start working. dontsh00tmesanta Guess I'm a lucky one mine is ok Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 10 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 30 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 315 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 124 queries | 0.535s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 108 Plus 1 on G+ 218 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares391 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.647s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Paul Quinn Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 70 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares144 Editorials Google Home The Amazon Echo was my pacifier as I waited for Google’s entry into the home assistant space. Setting my Google Play Music library aside, I suffered through using Amazon’s attempt at a music service devoid of most of my own library. I connected my Google Calendar to Alexa and it offered a glimpse into my future relationship with Google’s assistant. Finally, in early November, I could get my hands on a new Google Home. I had pre-ordered from Google and then discovered I could pick one up at my local Best Buy. The very morning it hit the shelves, I immediately bought one. I brought it home, set it up in the family room and eagerly asked – “OK Google, play my morning hits playlist.” Without skipping a beat, she announced the list and the room filled with my music. The key point here – it was music from MY library. I didn’t cancel that Google pre-order. It was on its way. I figured I could listen to music in my bedroom as well. But – what about the other rooms in my house? What about the smart lights, smart switches, clever irrigation controller, and intelligent thermostat scattered throughout? I need a Google Home in every room to live the dream of a voice controlled home! I bought four more. My home is outfitted with six Google Home devices. There’s one in every room. I can control my smart home with my voice from anywhere I stand. I can spread music into any room. I can turn on, dim, and turn off lights in various rooms with just my voice. It’s as close as I can get to living on the Enterprise. Google's vision of the future with Google Home. Well, one Home. That’s the dream. Unfortunately, it isn’t a reality (yet). Google has failed at a key feature that it so proudly spoke of that morning in May. The nice lady living inside each Home is often unable to tell if you are talking to her or her sister in the neighboring room. It can result in some frustrating, sometimes comical, exchanges. It is amazing how well the little air freshener shaped unit can hear you from several rooms away. With multiple Homes, you’ll find yourself making requests and getting responses from two of them. It usually involves one of them, not necessarily the one closest to you, executing the request and the other apologizing to you that it can’t. From my bedroom in the morning, I might ask how long it will take to get to work and hear the detailed response in the distance from the kitchen. There will be times when the Home in front of me fulfills my request and another will rattle off from down the hall. You also have the ghosts. I never thought my home might be haunted - until now. There will be times when I turn off the TV, hang up on a call, or just walk out of the bathroom and hear something in another room. I’ll find a Google Home playing music or a podcast that I don’t listen to in a randomly selected room. Who asked to listen to opera at low volume in the guest room? Ghosts. There isn’t a constant circus of home assistants chiming in from all over the house. The closest Home does respond properly more than half of the time. However, I have found myself at times leaning over and almost whispering to a Google Home when I want to be sure the others don’t hear. There is talk of multiuser support coming soon, but it remains to be seen if this will improve its ability to identify which Home I am talking to. For now, I must look like a fool. I am whispering to an air freshener because I don’t want the others to hear. Creepy? Maybe. Tags editorial google home google home app google home fail video subscribe ... Previous Story Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues ... Next Story Some Pixel and Nexus fingerprint sensors not working after Android 7.1.2 update Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments David Ruddock Paul already has one small post up on AP, but this is his real "introduction" post. When Paul pitched this to us, I knew I wanted to see it on AP, it's just such a funny, kind of ridiculous situation he describes. Say hi to Paul, everyone. OligarchyAmbulance Hi to Paul, everyone. Steve Wright Surely, you must be joking. Zomby2D No, he's OligarchyAmbulance Suicide_Note Don't call him Shirley. Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,........ Carson Saldanha Hi David Sean Thomas Hey Paul next time you're buying expensive accessories for every room in your house can you just throw me a hundo instead? Thanks! Sean Thomas Seems like something I would say. Paul Quinn I asked my office Home to get on that. The one in the kitchen responded. She can't do it but she's learning. Christopher Young I can completely sympathize with you. I have two Google Homes in my small apartment (living room/bedroom), and they frequently get confused where I'm at. I want to play music in the bedroom? Nope, the cozy jazz station starts blaring in the living room. There is one awesome benefit of having two Google Homes: I can fill my entire apartment with music with only a few words. dcdttu I hope Google Home gets a lot of support from Google itself and doesn't turn out to be a Hangouts. Or a Wave. Or a Nexus Player. Or a Nexus Q. Or a Google Reader. Or a tablet of any kind. Oh and hi Paul! Paul Quinn HI! Yeah, I'm worried that they will jump ship because they can't figure out a way to monetize it. No ads. If it starts playing ads, Home is moving out. The Echo doesn't really have a monetization angle except that you can shop on Amazon. Google added Google Express to the Home. But really? I'm not shopping on one of these things (yet). Lateef Alabi-Oki I thought the monetization was making money off selling the hardware. Paul Quinn They also need to keep expanding the ecosystem and product functionality which takes work that costs money. I don't know if that one time purchase price covers all that in the long run. Lord Argyris I think what Google is banking on is that if a user has one or more Homes, it makes them that much more likely to stick with the Android ecosystem in general, which means all Google's already existing means of getting money are a bit more secure from such a user switching over to the big "A". Of course it remains to be seen whether or not this is effective. Dk Schlösser The monetization is in the services offered by Google Paul Quinn I don't know what service I access through the Home makes Google any money, short of using it to buy things on Google Express. It does produce a little more profiling information but I doubt that it's enough to pay for the ongoing development. Ryan I think its all about search and locking you into their services, just like the chromecast. Because of chromecast (and now google home) I am more locked into Google Music. I am more locked into Youtube, Play Movies, searching on Google, etc. Just like Android. The specific device/service doesnt have to make money, its a "loss leader" to drive you to their other, profitable services. A very common thing in almost any consumer industry. fluffthebunny The monetization is off selling all the data gleaned by your six devices listening to your every word. You have become one with the Home. You have been assimilated. skitchbeatz I've got an open concept, one in the kitchen and one in the living room. They fight over responding and sometimes both respond. It's frustrating. I've thought about moving one of them up or down a floor. It's half implemented. It doesn't make sense because the assistant on the phone will sometimes read "answering on another device. Artem Russakovskii I have 4 Google Homes (2 in nearby areas where they can both hear me at the same time - kitchen and living room), 2 Alexas (though both Alexas can't hear me at the same time), and I can confirm - combined with multiple phones on family members, it's a mess. Let alone Home kicks in and starts talking once a day or so when not asked (doesn't happen nearly as often with Alexa). LithiumFox Never had that happen with ours... givitumibeybi 4 google homes and 2 alexas?? Artem, I think you might have some issues. Artem Russakovskii No, I just have more than one room. Dk Schlösser Change the trigger word for your Alexas Nick After my experiences with Amazon Echo, I have felt that these type of products are not ready for prime time. It's a cool concept, but these little, quirky issues that pop up with these "Home Assistants" suggest otherwise. Perhaps I'm more security minded than other people, but these sort of IoT products are ripe for security issues as well and the combination of these things has me totally turned off to the current market. Tony T. If you have multiple Homes, can you ask Google to play music and have all of them play the same music in sync? Defenestratus yes. Ed G You can have all of them play music like a Sonos. Also will link with Chromecast Audio. trickytree1984 Will it link to chrome cast proper? Joshua Pritt no, you can't group Chromecast video devices, only audio. Paul Quinn Yes, you can create groups. For example, I have a group named "Front of the house" that connects three of them. You're best bet is to name them things that roll of the tongue like, "Hey Google, play my 90's hits playlist on the front of the house." Defenestratus I've got three homes, and I don't have this issue at all. Of course they're all on different floors and I live in a rather open-floor plan home so there's that. I've never had it come on as a ghost... ever. Chris You spent over 800 on google homes?!?! Omg man what kinda bank you making. That is insanity. Or no savings? I mean a financially responsible person cannot spend that much unless their income is huge haha. Defenestratus Yesterday I spent $1000 on a shower fixture (Moen U) David Ruddock OMG YOU ACTUALLY BOUGHT ONE OF THOSE? Defenestratus My wife saw it on "I want that" on DIY network and, well, yeah. We're about to start a master suite renovation so it was the perfect opportunity. For her, the hardest part of the day is getting up out of bed and waiting for the shower to heat up, getting cold in the process (she could get cold in the middle of equatorial guinea and we live in the North East US) so when she saw that she could turn the shower on from bed and it would alert her when it was ready for her, it was a done deal. I'm actually thinking of making a google assistant handler for it when it shows up. Chris Damn dude! How much do you make?? I see all these cool things and want them but I decide my money is better sitting in my savings account or the stock market. Defenestratus I specialize in software that is used for pharmaceutical research and clinical trials. I make a good living. Oh and my wife's a doctor. Chris Ah definitely. That's awesome dude. I work at a vaccine start up so hopefully we'll get a product past the FDA then I can buy 1k showers ;) Defenestratus Very cool. My company does a lot of work on vaccine studies. Best of luck. You have a long 12-14 years of approval process ahead of you! goodnightmare "Ok Moen...." Doesn't have quite the same ring to it. Paul Quinn The timing was right. I got three of them for $100 apiece using Visa Checkout and some helpful friends. Chris That's good dude. I haven't been able to convince myself to get one yet. I don't listen to music at home and not really sure what else I'd use it for. I did get a nest recently but still I don't mind pulling out my phone to change the temp. Paul Quinn I have an Ecobee now. My Nest kept thinking I was away because I didn't walk down that hallway enough. The Ecobee has remote sensors. Unfortunately, the Home currently does not have a direct integration with Home. I'm using IFTTT. Lawstorant Is it that hard to check which Home is the closest, based on the loudness of one's speech? Paul Quinn It might be that Google focused on their ability to hear your voice based on having one Home. If you have one, you want it to be able to hear you from a distance. That will backfire when you introduce more of them. They are all listening too well. Mace Moneta It could probably be resolved easily, by having the Google Homes reduce sensitivity of the mic, based upon the number of Google Home's on the network. Paul Quinn I had two Echos when they announced improved far-field functionality. I tested it at the time and it was working better. I didn't do any long term testing because I switched to the Home. With that in mind, Amazon was able to improve the situation with a software update so I agree that Google should have fixed this by now. Lawstorant Well, it's still Google. They have the money and the manpower to overcome such "hurdles". Why is it that more often than not, they seem like a small start-up composed of fresh out-of -college programmers. Nigel Antonio lol I thought I was the only one with that problem... Jesse Corbett So I have 2, one that covers the bedroom/bathroom half of my apartment and on that covers the kitchen/dining/living room section. I have never had an issue with both responding, if I may share my anecdote. However, I frequently am sitting 10 feet from the living room Home and hear my bedroom Home respond, despite being further away, in another room, down a hallway, with the first between me and it. I don't understand. Michael Stiffler Haha, I've had to whisper to my phone if I don't want her (Home) to hear! Aleem Kanji I think it's time to admit that Google is really screwing the pooch here. Nexus hardware failures, Pixel issues, Google Homes not living up to the hype, constant beta-feel to their products... I have a Nexus 6P, two Google Homes, and I'm all-in on Google services, but... for fuck's sake, I'm thinking of jumping ship entirely. Even Android news sites are seeming to be whole-heartedly disappointed with Google and the growing lack of positivity is disheartening. Google either needs to put up and get their shit together with product polish and following through on promises (or not promising the moon to begin with) or they shut the hell up and we all buy iPhones and call it a day. Paul Quinn My thoughts are not really heading down that road. The Home does a lot of things right. It's core features, music and access to Google's massive database of information, are working. Light control works well. There are some very useful IFTTT integrations. The Echo had its issues when it came out and it has grown up. I'm not ready to give up on the Home. I see it slowly improving. I don't miss any Echo features. My 6P was a good experience overall but ultimately, yeah, it failed me in terms of the camera. My new Mate 9 has an absolutely amazing camera. I have no experience with the Pixel though. The general consensus is that the Pixel is amazing. I'm looking forward to the next one. Leoniv Same here. I'm all in with Google tech and have been with them since 2.3, but lately they've been a hot mess. They broke the dialer on multiple phones, hosed bluetooth so it disconnected randomly, and that doesn't even include the issues with the nexus and pixel phones. I hate to admit it, but the iPhones are looking more attractive. Jack Smith Really? Google home is not even 6 months old. GH is easily the most humanist technology that you can buy It is incredible what can do but not perfect and yet it is over? Little dramatic? Where are you going to get anything close? I have had the Echo since the very first day. It is NOT like the GH. Comparisons are ridiculous. Echo has commands and the GH you talk We are so.early with this and obviously the relatively minor issues in the scheme of things will get resolved. I have one echo and counting GHs that I gave away I have purchased 7. Not to say I dislike my Echo but it is not the future, IMO, like the GH. Aleem Kanji I'm TOTALLY being dramatic, actually. I love my Google Home. I love my Nexus. I also tried an iPhone for the first time late last year (iOS 10 got my attention) and I love it too. My tenure with my iPhone was about 4 months, and, like clockwork, I'd always put my SIM back in my N6P every Wednesday night until Saturday, then switch back to my iPhone (which is a bitch with iMessage, BTDub). The iPhone IS more polished, has better power and battery management, but isn't exciting to me the way Android is. I could never give it up. It's like a drug. But, like a drug, I'm hopelessly addicted to something that promises the highest of highs, then always leaves me chasing the dragon. Google promises the world, then has a tendency to either fall short or simple pulls the rug out. In a world where the Pixel exists and it commands iPhone and Galaxy level money, in a world where Google is trying it's hand at a software AND hardware ecosystem, I expect more. I expect polish, I expect promises to be kept - or at least reasonable expectations to be given. Now, people can come back and say that Google is new at hardware and I understand and forgive that. But they aren't a hardware company in the way that they take responsibility for their products 100%, in that they quality test, in that they have any sort of retail presence that goes beyond simply "trying" something out. They have time to build that, so I'll admit that I need to give them time to sort it out. I'm just worried that they'll get complacent or lose interest and one morning wake up and say "Oh yeah, that Android thing and all that hardware and stuff - I'm over it." If Google is going to change direction and add hardware to their list of products, I expect that they keep in mind that it also means that we - not our data - become customers too. 2×4 alexa does this same thing compuguy1088 That's not true. A software update allows for multiple amazon echo devices with the same hotword to work. They've had this since around the end of last year. 2×4 that's my point - it doesnt work well Midnitte "You also have the ghosts. I never thought my home might be haunted - until now. There will be times when I turn off the TV, hang up on a call, or just walk out of the bathroom and hear something in another room. I’ll find a Google Home playing music or a podcast that I don’t listen to in a randomly selected room. Who asked to listen to opera at low volume in the guest room? Ghosts." I have two and I've grouped them in a "home unit" and I've never experienced this. Typically I'll play music on one but sometimes I'll tell it to play music on both and I've never experienced it playing music on a rogue Home goodnightmare Nor have I. kalehv This is a constant struggle. I have two Google Homes and a bunch of phones / tablets that also respond to "Ok Google" I usually use "Hey Google" to avoid waking up phones and tablets but there is no other way round like when I want to be reminded of something, there is no command that only capable devices (phones and tablets) would listen and not the Home. Home wins over taking control and apologizes for not being able to set reminders and actual capable devices say "Answering on other device" :( thacounty I have mine in opposite corners of the house to prevent this. The real issue is that I'll talk quietly to my phone and it will still hear me. Then my Pixel says answering on another device, which is Home telling me she can't do that yet, while my Pixel could have handled it just fine. Gets frustrating, but my 2 year old son yelling at it to play Batman Play-Doh Eggs makes it worth double what I paid. JG Glad I'm not the only one with this problem. Right now I only have two Google Homes set up, one in my bedroom and the other in the living room. If I'm in the living room, even my normal speaking voice will almost certainly trigger both Home units to talk to me. Like Paul, I have to turn to the one in the living room and whisper in order to get only one. And that can be hard if the TV is blasting away to. Though for some reason when I'm in my bedroom, I usually only trigger the bedroom unit. It gets very annoying when the one I want to talk to tells me she can't help while the other rattles off some long winded multi-paragraph answer (especially when I just asked "what time is it"). Being in another room (and sharing the same voice as the one talking next to you) its often hard to understand what she's saying - and of course there's no "Hey Google, what did you just say?" command... I wanted to set up a third in the other bedroom. But until I'm sure I won't be getting three different responses to each query.... Amazon claims to have an algorithm to determine which of multiple Echo units should respond. I don't have multiple Echo units so I can't test the validity myself, but if they can figure it out... I'm sure Google, with their expertise in machine learning shouldn't have too much bother with it. goodnightmare Acoustics. :) illregal I've got 3 in pretty close proximity, and a 4th whenever lg decides to send those out. Only about 1 out of 10 requests gets answered by the one i wasn't intentionally talking to. 4Ui812 Hi Paul ? Paul Quinn Hi! Rasovan Mircea Google have to upgrade the sound waves and not allow them to travel more than one room.... Tired_Guy I have a Home, a Nexus 9, a Nexus 7 and a Pixel XL, so assistant works on all of them. If all are in my den charging, saying OK Google is like he described only a bit weirder, as I can say it specifically to my Pixel XL in my hand and the Nexus 9 answers, through it's cover. Multiple device synchronization is vital Packer Backer Another reason to allow users to set the hot word. "Hey Bub! Hey Betty! Hey Fumbduck!" would would activate three different devices. Dk Schlösser The solution is to be able to change the trigger word for each device. You can do this on Alexa. Paul Quinn Currently, only my Home responds to "Hey Google" so I use that to talk to the Home. my phones and tablets don't respond. That cuts down on the problem a bit as long as I don't want to use voice with my phone. If I say "OK Google" to my phone, the Home may also respond. A quick fix for now would be to have the option to set the Home NOT to respond to "OK Google" and only "Hey Google." Bill Riess Yeah I just recently discovered this issue when I moved from an echo and echo dot to 4 Google homes. For the most part they work pretty good but it's annoying when they pick up in the wrong room. Multiuser and Sonos integration would be great additions as well. goodnightmare I've had four of these in my home since day one. Yes, occasionally we'll get some random response from a distant device, but it doesn't affect performance. The requested task is completed properly 95% of the time and any hiccups have never been due to multiple devices trying to provide feedback. Our Google Home experience has been quite pleasant and loads of fun. DomBrady Same. I've got three. I have had one interference related issue. Charles222 Same with four here as well. I've had an interference problem with my kitchen & living room ones, but taking a few steps towards one or the other solves it. nerdshowandtell.com I also have 6 Google Homes and the issues described here I only had a month or so ago and they went away. Id also make sure you have solid wifi with no interference to eliminate any delay in the homes seeing each other. As for the random asking/talking, maybe have seen that 3 times since it came out. Definitely not in awhile. Brett Koger I also have several Google Home devices, I am not experiencing the issues you state. I even have two of them with in 20 feet (they are in different rooms) I will see both activate but only one will respond. I have only experienced what you are see a few times. It is not the norm. Paul Quinn I have noticed that situation where more than one activate but only two of them can actually be visualized at one time. To me, that's a good sign. It means they are hearing you but identifying which one should respond. Maxr1998 Hi Paul! Very entertaining and interesting article. I don't have a Google Home myself yet (not available in Germany, functionality in German is likely pretty limited (as seen in Assistant on phones), my Home Assistant setup isn't supported by Google Home/Google Assistant, and IFTTT is too slow (10 seconds+) atm), but the idea of having one is very intriguing for me :) Paul Quinn Hi Max! I guess one plus side of living in another country is that Google works out bugs in the United States before it expands across the globe. JD So it's not just me. Alexa is just that much better with its spatial recognition. It has a 100% hit rate on responding on the right unit. Sandeep Raghuraman One solution to your problem - setup mic + speakers in each room, and use one Google Home. That way, only one Google Home device will respond. Although, the next problem would be, how does Google Home decide which mic to listen through? Maybe a device that mixes all of those input streams from the different mics? Nick Riviera Try power cycling your units to keep them from talking over one another. sucatrops If you bought 6 Google Homes and didn't expect more than one to respond to you, you should shoot yourself. Ryan I dont see the need to have one in all 6 rooms of my home. Having one in the open air living/dining room and kitchen is plenty, it hears me from 40 feet no matter what. Then another in my bedroom. I dont think I need them in the guest rooms. Maybe one in the office, but that is all the way on the other side of the house from the bedroom. Maybe 6 is the overkill. Paul Quinn I have smart lighting in all the main rooms of the house. I wouldn't want any of us to be yelling from room to adjust lighting in another. I did put in remotes in the rooms as well because you should have another option besides voice. I think for most people, one or two is plenty. I'm really into smart home technology despite its incredibly fragmented implementation right now. I know my house is going beyond the norm. The fact that yours hear you from 40 feet away is what is causing the downfall in my house. Đức Thành 6 Google Homes? You're a crazy man. I like you. 6 is still nowhere near enough, though. Andrew Hartley It was clear Paul was a bit 'unusual' from the moment he mentioned the Enterprise. I've been teaching science using the latest technology for 30+ and my dream has always been to walk into my classroom in the morning and for a cute sounding female voice to welcome me from my computer with a good morning asking me what I would like to do today. Google home I found you at last 😉 That doesn't sound weird does it 😎 Paul Quinn Sounds fantastic! D.Smithee I like when you're home alone in a quiet house and this thing starts spouting gibberish with no warning. Paul Quinn Tonight.... one of the Homes (in the office) decided to "forget" the lights in the room. Just the lights in the room that it's in. It kept saying there were no lights set up for that room. The remote went dead too. It was darkness. But... it let me operate the lights from other Homes. No I'm starting to wonder if Google read this... and is toying with me. I got the remote back online. The Home is still protesting. Bill3 Hi Paul, not sure what's going on there. I have three Google Homes and have only had that happen once or twice. They'll often beep together, but only one will answer. It could be a problem with your WiFi network. Are they connected to different AP points? Paul Quinn Yes. Despite two of them being closer to another access point in my house, I've kept the Homes on the primary router which is able to deliver a strong enough signal throughout the house. I use an access point to guarantee a connection to the irrigation controller outside. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.437s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:31pm Sat 15 April Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wellington tech hiring drive attracts top global talent 10:46 AM Saturday Apr 15, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Employment Technology Wellington New Zealand's isolation, once a hindrance, has become an attraction for global talent. Photo / 123rf Workers from Google, MIT, NASA, Facebook and Amazon are vying for jobs in Wellington's tech sector, the New York Times reports. Earlier this month, the Herald reported on LookSee - a tech drive in the capital which attracted more than 48,000 applications - which 7453 Americans applied for. Selected candidates are to be brought to New Zealand for job interviews, with their flights and accommodation paid for. The New York Times today revealed that talent from some of the country's top firms such as Google and space agency NASA applied for the chance to come work in Wellington. "For all sorts of reasons, New Zealand suddenly makes sense. The cost of living is less than in San Francisco. Commuting is less wearying. And American politics, "Brexit" and the Islamic State are on the other side of the world," The New York Times said. Wellington City Mayor Justin Lester this month said the programme reflected well on the capital. "New Zealand's international reputation for quality of life is very strong, and the opportunity to do exciting, leading-edge, growth-oriented work in Wellington's tech sector is clearly a highly attractive proposition," Lester said. Although the Look See initiative initially focused on the Americas, global interest widened the scope. India eclipsed the US with the highest number of applications at 8000. Xero founder and chief executive Rod Drury told the New York Times that US President Trump's travel ban had created an opportunity to recruit global talent. "Especially in the US technology industry, where something like 50 per cent of the billion-dollar companies have been built by immigrants, it's nuts that you make it difficult for engineers to come in," he told the New York Times. "It's crazy for us not to exploit that." - NZ Herald Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Sir Bob Harvey new patron of Quarry Arts Sir Bob Harvey is the new patron of Quarry Art Centre Hawke's Bay Today Double the glow for Auckland jockey Jockey Danielle Johnson nails back-to-back Hawke's Bay Gold Cup victories in Hastings Bay of Plenty Times Heavy rain increases size of Omokoroa slips More slips in Omokoroa Our Features' Top Stories Driven Bringing Kiwis a slice of Japan Grassroots drifting is getting its own park, writes Simon Chapman. Viva Why false eyelashes are everywhere Of course all those celebrity eyelashes are fake - and they're spectacular True Commercial Big Takapuna lakefront site The sale of over two hectares of land presents a rare opportunity. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf03 at 15 Apr 2017 19:02:37 Processing Time: 19ms
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 823.56 -0.76 Android 7.1.2 broke the fingerprint sensor for many Google Pixel and Nexus owners Ben Schoon - Apr. 14th 2017 4:10 pm PT @NexusBen Android Nexus 6P Nexus 5X Google Pixel View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Android 7.1.2 finally finished its rollout to Google’s collection of Android smartphones this past week, but according to many users on Google’s support forums, it broke a crucial function for many — the fingerprint sensor… The best gifts for Android users On Google’s Nexus help forum (via Android Police), a thread gained traction over the past week or so from a user whose sensor stopped working following the upgrade to 7.1.2. He stated that safe mode nor a factory reset fixed his problem, and in the time since many Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P owners have chimed in with similar complaints. Interestingly enough, though, fingerprint gestures do still work. Google also cposted on the Pixel User Community forum asking if anyone was experiencing similar issues, which many users have been. The underlying issue in all of this is Android 7.1.2, as for many, the upgrade immediately broke the functionality on their devices. Some users further report that the option to use a fingerprint to unlock the phone has even disappeared from the settings menu. Obviously, that’s a pretty huge annoyance. Once you’ve gotten used to a fingerprint sensor, it’s tough to go back. Thankfully, though, Google is looking into the matter. It’s unclear exactly what caused the problem, but odds are we’ll see a fix in the next couple of weeks or so. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Nexus 6P View THe Guide Nexus 5X View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Share toggle menu Deals Jobs Follow Us Android App Review Service Shop Deals Join Our Team Advertise About Staff Privacy Policy Contact Android News Android News Android Device List Page Android Manufacturer News Android Smartwatch News Android Auto News Android TV News VR News Google ChromeBook News Google Glass News Google ChromeCast News Android News Canada Android India News Android Chinese News Android Phone News Android Phone News Android Phone Reviews Android Phone Comparisons Best Android Phones Rankings Android Phone Accessory Reviews Android Tablet News Android Tablet News Best Android Tablets Rankings Android Tablet Comparisons Android Tablet Reviews Android App News Android App News Android App & Game Reviews Android Games Top 10 Best Android Apps & Games Lists Android Developer News Tech News Special Features Special Features Android Smartphone and Tablet Deals Google IO News Android Gift Guide MWC 2017 News CES 2017 Android and Tech News Android How To Guides Android Awards Android Newsletter Site Authors Join Our Team Advertise Android App Review Service News Tips Contact Social Media Followers 2.0M 450K 365K 56K 14K 21K 65K 45K Android Deals Deal: Unlocked LG G5 Android Smartphone for $299 – 4/14/17 SOLD OUT_ Pick Up the Huawei Watch for $165 – 4/14/17 Deal: Honor 8 & Monster Ncredible NTune Headphones for $239 w/ Code – 4/14/17 Pick Up Degoo Premium: Lifetime 2TB Backup Plan for $59.99 – 4/14/17 Recent News Snap Inc. CEO Allegedly Stated The App Is For “Rich People” LG Harmony Now At Cricket For $99 With $25 Google Play Credit Google Hire Is Google’s Take On The Online Job Board Twitter Now Supports 2-Factor Authenticator Apps Recent Reviews Oukitel U13 Android Smartphone Review Honor 8 Pro Android Smartphone Review Blackview P2 Android Smartphone Review LG G6 Video Review: 1 Month Later Weekly Poll: How Did You Feel About Burger King’s Google Home Ad? April 14, 2017 - Written By Justin Diaz In the spirit of privacy and and invasive tactics to advertise a particular product to consumers, it seems fitting that we gather some opinions on how consumers felt about Burger King’s Google Home trigger this week which caused the speaker to plug the long-time fast food chain’s most iconic burger, the Whopper. For those that missed it, Burger King put out a commercial yesterday that at the very end, used the Ok Google command to trigger Google Home speakers that may have been nearby the TV and could hear the command. This then prompted Google Home to describe in detail what the Whopper Burger was. The command in question spoken by the person in the commercial was “Ok Google, what is the Whopper Burger?” While this was likely a little annoying and perhaps even upsetting for some consumers, understandably, others may have found it entertaining due to the fact that the response given was from information that was pulled from Wikipedia, which anyone has the potential to edit. This led to numerous responses from Google Home describing the Whopper with hilarious edited details like fake ingredients, at least until Wikipedia locked down the editing to administrators only. While this may have been little more than a shameless plug to get some recognition for a product, not all users will see it that way. Burger King’s commercial stunt could be seen as an invasion of privacy, though it didn’t take Google long to respond to the situation and disable the commercial from triggering Google Home units, and it seems that Burger King may end up facing legal issues. Despite the quick response from Google though it poses another big issue of whether other companies might follow in Burger King’s footsteps, and it surely leaves some customers wondering what Google might to do to prevent this sort of thing from happening in the future as Google Home is meant to be a personal product, and some consumers who own them may feel that it should be off limits when it comes to and advertisements, let alone ones that they didn’t initiate some sort of action or function that led to receiving them. In this particular case, Burger King took advantage of the technology knowing that they would likely be able to trigger people’s devices. The question is whether or not it bothered you, and if it did whether or not it bothered beyond a point where you would simply shrug it off and forget about it. How did you feel about the whole ordeal? Post navigation Verily Intros New ‘Study Watch’, A Health-Focused Smartwatch Samsung & LG Hold Off On Old LCD Production Shutdown April 14, 2017 | Special Features Show Comments Hide Comments () Latest News Snap Inc. CEO Allegedly Stated The App Is For “Rich People” CrucialTech Gets Transparent Fingerprint Sensor Patent Phone Comparisons: Samsung Galaxy S8 vs OnePlus 3T LG Harmony Now At Cricket For $99 With $25 Google Play Credit Tech Talk: Wells Fargo Pushes For Biometrics Over Passwords Sponsored Game Review: Hells Pawn Google Hire Is Google’s Take On The Online Job Board Twitter Now Supports 2-Factor Authenticator Apps Report: Verizon Might Outbid AT&T For Straight Path LeEco Decides To Scrap Their EcoPass Service Best Android Apps – April 2017 Deal: Honor 8 & Monster Ncredible NTune Headphones for $239 w/ Code – 4/14/17 Samsung & LG Hold Off On Old LCD Production Shutdown Weekly Poll: How Did You Feel About Burger King’s Google Home Ad? Verily Intros New ‘Study Watch’, A Health-Focused Smartwatch It Seems T-Mobile Has Already Started Shipping The Galaxy S8 VR: Should Consumers Be Worried About Security & Privacy? Win A Verizon LG G6 Smartphone – LG & Android Headlines – USA Giveaway Android 7.1.2 Is Disabling Some Pixel Fingerprint Sensors Industry Survey: Android TV To Become Market Leader By 2025 There’s A Class Action Investigation Over Nexus 6P Bootloops Load More Posts Follow Share
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to print to PDF on iPhone, iPad, and Mac Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple be left with no choice but to do the wrong thing with the iPhone 8? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How Apple Watch could improve with watchOS 4 this year Trending in Apple How to power the MacBook Pro with an eGPU using Nvidia’s new Pascal drivers Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How iPhone and iPad could improve with iOS 11 this year Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How Mac could improve with macOS 10.13 this year February 25, 2016 AAPL: 96.76 0.66 How-To: 50 getting started tips for new Spark users Jeff Benjamin - Feb. 25th 2016 3:05 pm PT @JeffBenjam Apps & Updates How To Apps Apps email Readdle Comments (22) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As we told you about earlier, Readdle has released the highly anticipated update to its Spark email client for iOS. Spark 1.6 adds support for the iPad, including iPad Pro, syncing of settings and accounts, and watchOS 2 support among other things. Needless to say, it’s a major update that vaults it clear to the top of third-party email offerings on iOS. But what if you’ve been holding out and have just now decided to give Spark a chance? If that’s the case, then you should definitely check out this breakdown of 50 different tips for new Spark users. Like I always say, even if you’re a veteran user, chances are you may still learn a thing or two. The best wireless keyboard for the Mac? For an overview of Spark and the new version 1.6 release, be sure to have a look at our initial article concerning Spark’s recent update. That post will help you determine if Spark is right for you. Once you’ve finished reading, come back here for a look at many of the awesome features that Spark makes available. I understand that this post is very lengthy, so if you wish to have an abridged version of all 50 items covered here, then have a look at our video walkthrough below. The video runs down all of the primary talking points, and gives new Spark users a good idea of what to expect and what the app is capable of doing. Video walkthrough Adding accounts Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts → Add Account. Spark lets you add a mix of Google, Exchange, Yahoo, iCloud, Outlook, or other IMAP account types. All accounts can be easily combined into a single unified inbox. 1Password integration When adding new accounts, you may tap into the credentials stored within 1Password by utilizing the lock button in the upper right-hand corner of the login window. Syncing settings and accounts via iCloud Go to: Settings → Sync Settings via Cloud. One of my favorite things about the latest Spark update is its ability to sync both settings and accounts via iCloud. This makes it possible to set up new devices with Spark virtually hassle free. You will still need to verify at least one email address on your account before Spark will let you proceed with syncing. This is a good thing, however, as it can help protect your data if your iOS device happens to fall into the wrong hands. Setting default email address Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts → Default E-mail Address. The default email address is the address used when composing new emails. It’s also possible to have Spark utilize the most recently used address. Of course, you can always change the from address on the fly when composing new email. Refreshing the inbox Although Spark supports push email from sources like Google, it’s still possible to perform a manual refresh by pulling down on the inbox panel. Using the Smart Inbox The Smart Inbox is one of the premier features in Spark. It essentially allows you to divide the inbox up into multiple sections to help prioritize importance. When using the Smart Inbox, only new emails appear at the top of the inbox. New email is further broken down into hierarchical sections, beginning with personal emails, notifications, and newsletters — in that particular order. Viewing message details Tapping on the subject line, name of the sender, or details button within an email will reveal the message details. Details contain information like From and To address, subject line, time, and message type. Message Detail actions Additional actions can be performed on message detail fields by tapping on them. For example, when tapping on the sender’s email address, you’ll see options for Copy, Compose, Add to Contacts, Save, and More. Changing Message Type You can change the type of a received email by tapping the details button below the subject line, and tapping the message type. You can select between three message types: Personal, Notifications, and Newsletter. If an email arrives that you believe has the wrong message type, use the message details to reassign it with the proper type. Composing email Composing a new email is easy; just tap the compose button in the bottom right hand-corner of the interface. Minimizing email To minimize an in-progress draft, tap the ‘x’ button in the upper-left hand corner of the compose window, and then tap the Minimize button. Swiping between emails You can easily swipe between emails in the inbox. This is a great way to navigate through a batch of new emails quickly and efficiently. As you swipe, the email being currently viewed is highlighted with a light blue tint in the inbox’s list. Pinning emails Pinning is the equivalent of marking an email as important. Tap the pin button above the message details to quickly pin an email. Pinned emails will appear at the top of the Smart Inbox, and are also available as a Sidebar item and/or Widget. Snoozing emails Like the soon to be defunct Mailbox, Spark lets you snooze emails. Snoozed emails will be removed from the inbox until a later time. Tap the snooze button in the upper right-hand corner of an open message to get started. Customize Snoozes Go to: Settings → Snoozes. Spark lets you customize snooze availability and specific snooze intervals. Using Swipes One of my favorite Spark features is the ability to configure four different swipes gestures that correspond with various actions. By using swipe gestures on email in the inbox, you can execute one of the following actions: Mark as read/unread Delete Archive Move Move to… Pin Snooze Move to Spam Save to Evernote, Dropbox, Box, Google Drive, OneDrive More (iOS Share Sheet) Customizing swipes Go to: Settings → Personalization → Swipes. Spark features left short, left long, right short, and right long swipe gestures. Each swipe can be configured via the app’s settings. Changing notification preferences per account Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts, and tap on the account that you wish to configure. You can change the notification preferences for individual email accounts on a per-account basis. Notification preferences let you decide between keeping all notifications, using smart notification curation, or disabling notifications altogether. Smart notifications only send alerts when receiving email from known sources, keeping automated emails, like newsletters, at bay. Setting signatures Go to: Settings → Signatures. Spark lets you add multiple signatures, and assign a default signature to a specific email account. Changing signatures on the fly When composing an email, you can swipe between configured signatures on the fly, or you can tap the ellipses button in the bottom right-hand corner of a signature to further manage closing sentiments. Customizing badges Go to: Settings → Badges. Notification badges can be a huge source of annoyance and distraction, so it’s great to see options inside of Spark’s preferences for managing how badges are displayed. Spark lets you disable all badges outright, or only show badges when receiving email from specific accounts. Attaching photos It’s easy to attach photos to an email you’re composing by tapping the photo button in the upper left-hand corner of the compose window. Use the list button at the top of the photo picker to filter photos by album. Attaching files Next to the photos button, you’ll find a traditional paperclip button for attaching items to email. Since iOS doesn’t feature a traditional filesystem, attachments can be made by tapping into services like iCloud Drive, Dropbox, Google Drive, Box, or OneDrive. Searching using natural language Spark features awesome searching capabilities that allow you to quickly hone in on a specific email that you’re looking for. By incorporating natural language search, you can use search queries like this: Emails with jpeg attachments from yesterday. Saving search queries Tap the star button next to a search query to save that search for future usage. When you perform a new search, you can easily tap into search history or saved searches. Mass archiving and deleting By using the drag handles at the bottom of an inbox list, you can quickly archive or delete all emails in the list. Managing multiple inbox items Tap and hold on any email within an inbox to jump into edit mode. While in edit mode, you can select multiple emails and quickly mark as read/unread, move, archive or delete. Using Quick Replies You can use quick replies with emails that feature a personal message type. Quick replies allow you to reply to an email in brisk fashion using a single tap. It goes without saying that quick replies work great when used on Apple Watch. Adding Custom Quick Replies Go to: Settings → Quick Replies → Add New. Spark lets you add additional custom quick replies, which allow you to create your own text snippet with corresponding emoji icon. Changing background color Go to: Settings → Background Color. Spark ships with three different background colors: Dark Sky, Dark Blue, and Light Blue. Background colors influence the Widget and Sidebar area, as well as the status bar. Customizing the email viewer and default browser Go to: Settings → E-mail Viewer. By default, Spark makes it so that the primary toolbar action contained within emails is the archive option. You can easily change this to display the delete or both the archive and delete options if you wish. You can also configure what happens when an email is archived or deleted, and select the default browser. In case you’re wondering, Spark supports Safari View Controller, and all of the benefits that it brings to the table. Using Widgets Go to: Settings → Personalization → Widgets. Widgets allow you to quickly access specific Spark features. With Widgets, you can access Spark’s calendar. Although there are definite overlaps with Sidebar items, Widgets can be easier to access on the fly. Using the Sidebar Go to: Settings → Personalization → Sidebar. The Sidebar contains shortcuts to the Smart Inbox, Attachments, Snoozed email, and more. You can further customize the Sidebar shortcut cards via the Sidebar preferences. Changing sound preferences Go to: Settings → Sound Preferences. Not feeling Spark’s own sound library? You can use the Sound Preferences to switch back to standard iOS sounds. Viewing multiple email attachments When viewing one of several attachments within an email, tap the attachment button in the upper right-hand corner to open the handy attachment picker. Viewing a list of attachments across all accounts Tap the Attachments shortcut in the Sidebar or in the Widgets list to access all attachments across all accounts. View Recently Seen email Tap the Recently Seen shortcut in the Sidebar or in the Widgets list to have a look at recently viewed email. Setting up Smart Folders Go to: Settings → Personalization → Widgets (or Sidebar) → Add new → Smart Folder. You can configure Smart Folders, which act as email filters, via Spark’s preferences. Like search, Smart Folders utilize natural language to hone in on specific emails. You can further tighten the scope of a Smart Folder by configuring the accounts used within the search query. Searching for emails via Spotlight Spark features accurate email searching directly from iOS 9’s Spotlight search interface. Changing Notification Actions Go to: Settings → Notification Actions. Spark lets you customize the primary and secondary actions that appear when interacting with banner or Lock screen notifications. Options include Mark as Read, Archive and Delete. Connecting services Go to: Settings → Connected Services. Although standard iOS share sheet support is there, you can interact with various services directly from Spark’s interface when using connected services. Using the Calendar Widget The aforementioned Calendar Widget is only available as a Widget, not as a Sidebar item. Spark’s calendar interfaces taps into the already existing calendar accounts on your iOS device, and lets you schedule events, create invites, respond to invites, and more. Saving emails as PDFs Tap the Share button when viewing an email, and tap the Save as PDF button to create a great-looking PDF that can be copied directly to iBooks. Managing privacy settings Go to: Settings → Privacy. Privacy settings let you disable remote image loading, and prevent notification actions from being performed on an incoming email without verifying your device’s passcode. Mark multiple messages read Tap the mark button in the upper right-hand corner of an inbox group heading to quickly mark all messages within that group as read. Undoing actions Most actions executed within Spark, such as archiving an email, can be undone using the Undo button that appears briefly at the bottom of the interface. Just be sure to act fast. How to add an email alias Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts → Tap the account that you wish to set up an alias for. Aliases can be easily added or removed from Mail Account settings. How to delete an email account in Spark Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts → (tap the account you wish to remove) →  Remove Account. Removing an account from Spark is simple and straightforward. iPad (and iPad Pro!) support is here As I noted in our initial hands-on with Spark 1.6, iPad support was my most anticipated new feature in the latest Spark 1.6 update, and it doesn’t disappoint. Along with general iPad support, Spark natively works with the super-sized 12.9″ screen of the iPad Pro. Wrangling email while using Split View for side-by-side multitasking is productivity bliss on such a large screen. Manage email on Apple Watch Not only can you receive email notifications directly on Apple Watch, but Spark’s latest update adds support for watchOS 2. This means that the app now runs natively on Apple Watch, and as such, is noticeably faster. Along with support for the iPad Pro, this is one of the primary reasons that I’ve decided to go with Spark as my full time email client. The future Spark isn’t perfect, but it’s one of the best solutions for managing email on iOS. It’s also backed by a company, Readdle, that isn’t a risky startup. That bodes well for the long-term viability of such an app. After Sparrow, and now Mailbox, I said I would never give my heart to another third-party email client again, but Spark, with so many options and features in tow, is good enough that I decided to give in. Readdle hasn’t been shy about the fact that it’s working on a Mac version of Spark, and if it can pull it off, that will be what truly pushes this client to the next level. As it stands now, Spark is one of the best email experiences available on iOS, and I wholeheartedly recommend you give it a shot. Jeff Benjamin @JeffBenjam Jeff leads 9to5Mac’s YouTube channel — editing and producing tech videos, walkthroughs, how-tos, written tutorials and reviews. He takes pride in being able to explain things in a simple, clear and concise manner. Favorite Gear 2016 MacBook Pro Final Cut Pro X Sony Alpha a7S II Guides How To A collection of tutorials from the 9to5Mac team helping you fix and get the most out of your Mac and iOS devices. View THe Guide Apps Lead the curve on tomorrow’s iOS and Mac app hits while being the first to hear news and updates on yesterdays app sensations (and flops). View THe Guide Apps View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. cdm283813 - 1 year ago Reply Why is the swipe gesture to delete opposite from the iPhone? isail (@isail) - 1 year ago Reply You can change it. Not sure if they are different by default but doubt it. jiggerslovesthemapples - 1 year ago Reply Good to see you again, Jeff! They really put you to work here, eh? 😃👍🏼 Monster of a post, Jeff, good work! 👍🏼 Love Spark and use it more than the stock Mail app, although must say the interface is a bit cluttered. Fantastic email client tho. Voo Doo (@mojowork_in) - 1 year ago Reply I would like to know how Readdle is able to offer Spark for free. Their privacy policy is quite vague on what exact data the app collects, so maybe they are looking at data mining as an income source….maybe they’re counting on sales of the upcoming Mac version? Anyone have some insight? Sketcher (@Sketcher0204) - 1 year ago Reply They just mentioned on Twitter that they will generate revenue by having additional paid functionality for teams starting with version 2.0. isail (@isail) - 1 year ago Reply Worth mentioning is that aliases are entered comma separated: a@abc.com, b@def.org Matthew Judy - 1 year ago Reply iOS designers (and developers), please take note: things like the floating buttons in the bottom right, overlapping sheets, hamburger menus, and bold color blocks are part of Google’s “Material” design guidelines for Android. They are very clean and cool looking, but they do not belong in an iOS application. Forcing one platform’s design patterns into place on other platforms results in increased cognitive load for users, and headaches for developers. Please refer to Apple’s own Human Interface Guidelines, and (if you’re able) the “Designing Intuitive User Interfaces” session video from Apple’s WWDC 2014 conference. chriscarnie2 - 1 year ago Reply I agree with you. I enjoy the Spark app, but I really hate it when developers don’t design their apps to look like an iOS app. Sven Blum (@SvenBlum) - 1 year ago Reply They save your exchange passwords on their servers. Maybee that’s not something you want… chrishoward - 1 year ago Reply Argh! Posted a reply and it said I had to be logged in to comment – even tho I had! Try again… Gave Spark a try after reading this, and feature for feature, Airmail is easily superior. And Spark as a few issues… – Smart Inbox becomes next to useless when you have multiple email accounts, as it wastes screen real estate, and doesn’t unify new mail – Unified view has no indicator what account the email is from – No Unread mail view Airmail matches Spark on most features, does some better, and has other really useful ones like Send To which can send to 28 services, including Todoist, Dropbox, Wunderlist, Google Drive, Github and Evernote. It includes views for Unread, Attachments, Threads, Today and Smart view (which, usefully, can be multiselected – e.g. Today and Attachments shows today’s attachments). Plus Airmail has a desktop version. I didn’t’ see any features in Spark that weren’t matched or bettered by Airmail, except for Spark’s Widgets. And they don’t offer enough of an advantage to outweigh Airmail’s superiority. Spark also has an iPad client, which Airmail doesn’t but even then, I still prefer Boxer on the iPad to Spark Airmail is the still number 1 for me. Tomek Brek - 4 months ago Reply Chris, You can create smart folder for unseen messages. Bruce Burton - 1 year ago Reply Sounded all good until I found out it doesn’t support my works Exchange server as its ‘too old’ (2 years) Are you serious? No go for me based on that. Martin de Weger - 12 months ago Reply Can you move mail to archive instead of delete it on the watch app? michaele11111 - 11 months ago Reply How can I set the frequency/minutes for checking for new mail? I can’t seem to find a setting for this. Komrad - 10 months ago Reply How do you create a new folder in you mailbox? I cannot figure out how to do this basic operation. Ryan Christensen (@ryanchristensen) - 4 months ago Reply On the Mac app you can create folders from the Preferences. This strikes me as odd but I noticed you can also toggle visibility in that same area so my guess is they are trying to keep the UI not cluttered. revtechsreview - 7 months ago Reply can i sync the information on calendar 5 on the calendar of spark? Marc McClenahan - 5 months ago Reply If I compose an email and save it as a draft on one iOS device, can I access it from another? For example, from an iPad and access it on an iPhone. Thanks! Diego Puga - 4 months ago Reply How can I to customize the fonts? Every time I have to change the default style… (MAC App) Thanks Nick Longley (@nicklongley) - 3 months ago Reply Did you manage to get an answer with regards to the Fonts Diego? Also, how do you change the font on the fly? Benjamin Bnds - 4 months ago Reply Is there a way to hide/collapse the Seen section when all message have been seen, letting only the pin message on top, or nothing if there’s no pin message? For inbox Zero! Paul Butt - 1 day ago Reply How do you add a contact in spark? Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Apple is going to test self-driving cars By admin in Uncategorized April 14, 2017 After months of speculation that the company is developing automotive technology, Apple has officially leapt into the war for self-driving cars by obtaining a test permit from California regulators.The permit allows Apple to begin testing up to three 2015 Lexus SUVs similar to the type that Google uses for its autonomous cars. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don’t Play Up Next Russia, Iran and Syria condemn US strikes on Syria Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:28 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:29 Google offers first ride in self-driving … Google offers first ride in self-driving car This week Waymo, Google’s self-driving car division, offered it’s first ride-along to media in the fleet of Lexus autonomous vehicles that the company has been testing on roads in the suburbs of Phoenix. Up Next Russia, Iran and Syria condemn US strikes on Syria Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:28 Video duration 01:28 Russia, Iran and Syria condemn US strikes … Russia, Iran and Syria condemn US strikes on Syria The foreign ministers of Russia, Syria and Iran warn the US that further unilateral actions – like the strikes on a Syrian airbase last week – pose a threat to the whole world. Up Next Fight for luxury comes to auto show Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:07 Video duration 01:07 Fight for luxury comes to auto show Fight for luxury comes to auto show New offerings from Porsche, BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Ford’s Lincoln and newcomer Genesis, a unit of Hyundai Motors, battle it out for attention in the upscale auto market. Up Next US bomb kills IS militants in Afghanistan Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:14 Video duration 01:14 US bomb kills IS militants in Afghanistan US bomb kills IS militants in Afghanistan The top US military commander in Afghanistan says that the decision to deploy one of the largest conventional bombs ever used in combat was purely tactical. Up Next Manus detainee videos during alleged gunfight Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 02:38 Video duration 02:38 Manus detainee videos during alleged … Manus detainee videos during alleged gunfight A detainee has told of his fears as a gunfire rings out at the Manus Island detention centre on Friday evening. Up Next Audio: alleged Manus Island shooting Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 00:15 Video duration 00:15 Audio: alleged Manus Island shooting Audio: alleged Manus Island shooting Several detainees reported sustained gunfire from outside the centre after violence erupted when a local tried to shutdown a soccer game involving detainees in the Navy base that surrounds the compound. Up Next CIA head slams Julian Assange Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 00:55 Video duration 00:55 CIA head slams Julian Assange CIA head slams Julian Assange Using strong language, CIA director Mike Pompeo calls Wikileaks founder Julian Assange a narcissist and a threat to democracy. Up Next Red Cross Australia in Somaliland Play Video Don’t Play Video duration 01:38 Video duration 01:38 Red Cross Australia in Somaliland Red Cross Australia in Somaliland The Australian Red Cross emergency response manager Jess Lees explains the situation in Somaliland. More videos Google offers first ride in self-driving car This week Waymo, Google’s self-driving car division, offered it’s first ride-along to media in the fleet of Lexus autonomous vehicles that the company has been testing on roads in the suburbs of Phoenix. By obtaining clearance from California’s Department of Motor Vehicles, Apple is signalling that it is serious about pushing forward with self-driving technology despite reports last northern autumn that it was scaling back its ambitions.California’s DMV disclosed the permit on its website on Friday, which lists several dozen other companies that are testing self-driving technology. The group includes BMW, Ford, Honda, Nissan, Uber and others. Related Content Uber suspends testing of self-driving cars after crash Self-driving cars may be closer than they appear Like those other companies, Apple’s test vehicles will have human drivers behind the wheel when they go out on public roads, according to California regulations.Speculation surrounding an Apple automotive project has been bubbling for years, with Apple keeping a tight lid on its plans. Advertisement The project quickly became something of an open secret among technology-watchers, even if it was never truly clear what Apple was working on. The ambiguity surrounding the effort was reflected in the numerous names that circulated about the project, such as the “Apple Car”, “the iCar” and “Project Titan”.Some predicted that the company would itself be producing driveable vehicles. Others said Apple was more likely focusing on software that could be used to control a car, or to upgrade a car by injecting it with autonomous capabilities. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter … Post navigation Fears for orphaned koala joeys stolen from carer’s home Can-Am baseball league official visits Cuba Search for: Recent Posts Kapil Sharma and Sunil Grover will patch up soon, claims Upasana Singh Star Wars The Last Jedi trailer: Luke is training Rey and the fans are freaking out. Watch video 10 tips to keep body odour at bay in summer Kareena Kapoor Khan’s airport style is glamorous yet comfy HIV notifications down 16 per cent in Queensland compared to same period in 2016 Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Next America Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription The Department of Labor Accuses Google of Gender Pay Discrimination A compliance matter has turned into an accusation about salary equality Christian Hartmann / Reuters Most Popular North Korea and the Risks of Miscalculation Kathy Gilsinan Apr 14, 2017 The Six Main Arcs in Storytelling, as Identified by an A.I. Adrienne LaFrance Jul 12, 2016 How the Ballpoint Pen Killed Cursive Josh Giesbrecht Aug 28, 2015 The Charisma Effect Matthew Hutson Aug 8, 2016 Kendrick Lamar's Complicated Political Score-Settling Spencer Kornhaber Apr 14, 2017 Bourree Lam Apr 7, 2017 Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size On Friday, The Guardian reported that during a hearing at the U.S. Department of Labor Office of Administrative Law Judges, the U.S. government accused Google of violating federal employment laws by allowing pay discrepancies between men and women in the company. According to the publication, Janette Wipper, the DOL’s regional director for the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, claims that Google’s labor practices include “systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce.” Related Story Why Is Silicon Valley So Awful to Women? The Department of Labor initially filed a lawsuit against Google back in January, over the release of records related to the company’s compliance with the equal opportunity laws required of federal contractors. Google was selected randomly for an audit, and the lawsuit alleges that Google refused to hand over the requested data. This news comes just days after Google announced that the company has closed its gender pay-gap globally—a problem for companies throughout Silicon Valley—in a tweet celebrating Equal Pay Day*: Let’s make every day #EqualPayDay. All employers can take steps to eliminate the gender and race pay gaps, today → https://t.co/KTuGTJMV16 pic.twitter.com/rBciSK21uF — Google (@Google) April 4, 2017 “We vehemently disagree with Ms Wipper’s claim. Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap. Other than making an unfounded statement which we heard for the first time in court, the DOL hasn’t provided any data, or shared its methodology,” a spokesperson for Google said in a statement. As for their refusal to hand over the records, the company has said that the government’s requests were too broad and would have required divulging confidential employee information. Just three weeks ago, a DOL administrative law judge ruled that Google didn’t have to provide pay information for the audit, at least for the time being. According to court documents, Google contends it would cost the company $1 million to compile this information for all 54,000 people it interviewed for those jobs. The documents note that the DOL was also requesting extensive information for around 20,000 employees. The ruling was deemed a preliminary victory for Google, and the decision had implications for how federal contractors would be required to respond to future DOL audits. But the hearing on Friday, in which the DOL was given the chance to argue the case for the documents once again, shows that the department will continue to fight the case, regardless of the recent ruling. Wipper argues that Google should have to turn over the documents the DOL requested so the department can fully investigate whether systematic discrimination has been occurring. Further, Wipper says the documents could help the DOL suss out the causes of the pay disparity in their current findings. For now, the case is still pending, but the DOL is requesting that the court cancel Google’s federal contracts if the company doesn’t comply. * This article originally misstated that Google CEO Sundar Pichai tweeted that the company had close its gender-pay gap globally. We regret the error. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Will the 'Trump Effect' Sweep Europe? The new American president emboldened far-right populists who are spooking Europe’s political establishment. Leah Varjacques and Krishnadev Calamur Apr 14, 2017 About the Author Bourree Lam is an associate editor at The Atlantic. She was previously the editor of Freakonomics.com. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by Damir Sagolj / Reuters North Korea and the Risks of Miscalculation Kathy Gilsinan As tensions rise in East Asia, they highlight the dangers of Trump’s unpredictability. Not long after the United States Navy dispatched a carrier strike group in the direction of the Korean peninsula following a North Korean missile test last week, Pyongyang vowed to counter “the reckless act of aggression” and hinted at “catastrophic consequences.” The remarks came amid rising tension in the region as satellite images seem to indicate that North Korea is preparing for a possible sixth nuclear test, and as U.S. President Donald Trump warns that North Korean President Kim Jong Un is “doing the wrong thing” and that “we have the best military people on earth.” There’s nothing particularly unusual about this sort of creative, bellicose rhetoric from the North Korean regime, which routinely threatens to do things like turn Seoul into a “sea of fire” or fire “nuclear-armed missiles at the White House and the Pentagon—the sources of all evil.” North Korea needs to be taken seriously as a hostile regime in artillery range of a close U.S. ally, and potentially in missile range of another. But its leadership lobs threats so promiscuously and outlandishly that one can build in a discount factor—there’s a long track record of unrealized North Korean threats to judge by. In that context, the probability that any given one will be realized is quite small. Continue Reading Wikimedia The Six Main Arcs in Storytelling, as Identified by an A.I. Adrienne LaFrance A machine mapped the most frequently used emotional trajectories in fiction, and compared them with the ones readers like best. “My prettiest contribution to my culture,” the writer Kurt Vonnegut mused in his 1981 autobiography Palm Sunday, “was a master’s thesis in anthropology which was rejected by the University of Chicago a long time ago.” By then, he said, the thesis had long since vanished. (“It was rejected because it was so simple and looked like too much fun,” Vonnegut explained.) But he continued to carry the idea with him for many years after that, and spoke publicly about it more than once. It was, essentially, this: “There is no reason why the simple shapes of stories can’t be fed into computers. They are beautiful shapes.” That explanation comes from a lecture he gave, and which you can still watch on YouTube, that involves Vonnegut mapping the narrative arc of popular storylines along a simple graph. The X-axis represents the chronology of the story, from beginning to end, while the Y-axis represents the experience of the protagonist, on a spectrum of ill fortune to good fortune. “This is an exercise in relativity, really,” Vonnegut explains. “The shape of the curve is what matters.” Continue Reading Nayu Kim / Flickr How the Ballpoint Pen Killed Cursive Josh Giesbrecht Thicker ink, fewer smudges, and more strained hands: an Object Lesson Recently, Bic launched a campaign to “save handwriting.” Named “Fight for Your Write,” it includes a pledge to “encourage the act of handwriting” in the pledge-taker’s home and community, and emphasizes putting more of the company’s ballpoints into classrooms. As a teacher, I couldn’t help but wonder how anyone could think there’s a shortage. I find ballpoint pens all over the place: on classroom floors, behind desks. Dozens of castaways collect in cups on every teacher’s desk. They’re so ubiquitous that the word “ballpoint” is rarely used; they’re just “pens.” But despite its popularity, the ballpoint pen is relatively new in the history of handwriting, and its influence on popular handwriting is more complicated than the Bic campaign would imply. Continue Reading James Walton The Charisma Effect Matthew Hutson How to bend people to your will In tough times, people want more in a leader than intelligence, integrity, or the ability to build really tall walls. They want someone who can make a compelling pitch and inspire a sense of urgency—someone with charisma. For decades, scholars have struggled to define this X factor, but they are developing a better idea of how it works. According to an evolutionary theory proposed by a pair of psychologists, charisma is the ability to convince followers that you can get other members of a wider group to cooperate. These researchers found that exposure to charisma increased generosity: Subjects who saw a ted talk by a charismatic speaker later gave more money to a stranger than did those who saw an uncharismatic one. And thinking about a charismatic person (versus an acquaintance) made people more likely to cooperate with a stranger. [1] Continue Reading Top Dawg Entertainment / Interscope Kendrick Lamar's Complicated Political Score-Settling Spencer Kornhaber The rapper’s album Damn takes aim at Fox News and mourns Trump’s election—but its larger target is inescapable human sin. “Hip hop has done more damage to young African Americans than racism in recent years,” the Fox news pundit Geraldo Rivera said in 2015. He was commenting at the time on Kendrick Lamar’s performance of his protest song “Alright” atop a police car at that year’s BET Awards. Now Lamar has a reply, and he doesn’t so much debunk Rivera’s dubious statement as use it for kindling on his explosive new album Damn. The newsman’s voice threads through the roiling chorus for the tracklist’s first proper banger “DNA,” and then Lamar lays it out: “You mothafuckas can't tell me nothin' / I'd rather die than to listen to you / My DNA not for imitation / Your DNA an abomination.” Damn is the blazingly talented rapper’s fourth proper album, following up the sprawling jazz catharsis of 2015’s To Pimp a Butterfly with a set of songs that, as hinted by its terse title and no-fuss artwork, makes a virtue of straightforwardness. Washed-out ’70s soul textures provide atmosphere, but many of the beats drive and whir with the tense energy of vogueish trap music. Some of these choruses, especially one from Rihanna and one from the singer Zacari, seem written with an ear for radio play—a rarity in Lamar’s career. But his words make no capitulations. Continue Reading Carlos Barria / Reuters Are the Nationalists Losing the War for Trump's White House? Rosie Gray The president’s policy reversals and the ascendancy of Jared Kushner raise questions about the future of the right-wing populists and the base they represent. No one symbolizes the populist nationalism on which Donald Trump ran more than White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, the former chairman of Breitbart News. So Bannon’s newly precarious position in the administration—an ascendant, more centrist faction associated with Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner is trying to take him down--is about more than just Bannon the man. It is about id versus superego. It’s about the place of the hard right in the administration, and whether the movement spearheaded by Bannon can govern. And if Bannon goes, the backlash could be considerable. In fact, even with him still in the White House, that backlash has  already begun, with some of Trump’s most vocal supporters becoming restive over his flip-flops on Syria, China, the Ex-Im bank and other issues. Continue Reading Olena Shmahalo / Quanta Magazine The Universe Is as Spooky as Einstein Thought Natalie Wolchover In a brilliant new experiment, physicists have confirmed one of the most mysterious laws of the cosmos. There might be no getting around what Albert Einstein called “spooky action at a distance.” With an experiment described this week in Physical Review Letters—a feat that involved harnessing starlight to control measurements of particles shot between buildings in Vienna—some of the world’s leading cosmologists and quantum physicists are closing the door on an intriguing alternative to “quantum entanglement.” “Technically, this experiment is truly impressive,” said Nicolas Gisin, a quantum physicist at the University of Geneva who has studied this loophole around entanglement. Continue Reading Shannon Stapleton / Reuters Why People Are So Upset About Wall Street's 'Fearless Girl' Bourree Lam The sculpture is currently set to remain on display until 2018, but critics are calling for its immediate removal. The “Fearless Girl” statue, a bronze sculpture of a young girl with her hands on her hips, standing defiantly in front of Wall Street’s Charging Bull has certainly made an impression. Placed to celebrate International Women’s Day, some proclaimed the installment an “instant icon,” and an online online petition to make the statue permanent gained over 40,000 signatures. In recent weeks, however, the sculpture has garnered a different type of response. Some have derided the statute as “fake corporate feminism,” suggesting that the statue is less about promoting gender equity than it is a publicity stunt. They see the installment as a successful marketing coup masquerading as a message of female empowerment, or Wall Street pinkwashing. Others lament the use of a young girl’s image to represent the ambitions and goals of grown women. Continue Reading Sachin Teng The Brilliant Incoherence of Trump’s Foreign Policy Stephen Sestanovich The United States periodically debates whether to do more or less abroad. Trump won by promising both. But he can’t possibly deliver. Every 20 years or so—the regularity is a little astonishing—Americans hold a serious debate about their place in the world. What, they ask, is going wrong? And how can it be fixed? The discussion, moreover, almost always starts the same way. Having extricated itself with some success from a costly war, the United States then embraces a scaled-down foreign policy, the better to avoid overcommitment. But when unexpected challenges arise, people start asking whether the new, more limited strategy is robust enough. Politicians and policy makers, scholars and experts, journalists and pundits, the public at large, even representatives of other governments (both friendly and less friendly) all take part in the back-and-forth. They want to know whether America, despite its decision to do less, should go back to doing more—and whether it can. Continue Reading Yuri Gripas / Reuters Why Wasn't Trumpcare More Popular? Olga Khazan Conservative health-care analysts on why the GOP couldn’t come up with a stronger replacement for Obamacare Spring is a time for rebirth, and at least for some Republican leaders, that goes for health-care legislation, too. Talks have reportedly resumed on reviving a version of the Republicans’ Obamacare alternative, the American Health Care Act, as my colleague Russell Berman reports, even as House Speaker Paul Ryan called Obamacare the “law of the land” just a few weeks ago. The bare bones of the AHCA will likely form the basis of whatever the party does next on health care, according to two Republican Capitol Hill aides. That might be concerning to the various physician, hospital, and insurance groups who opposed the bill, not to mention the many conservative, centrist, and liberal health-policy wonks who reviled it. (One of the staffers said outside groups simply misunderstood “what our bill did and did not do.”) Continue Reading Oregon's Invisible Beauty Nadine Ajaka A stunning time-lapse captures the landscape under infrared light. Watch Video A Stunning Scale Model of Our Solar System, Drawn in the Desert Jaclyn Skurie A true illustration of our place in the universe Watch Video 'I've Done Horrible Things for Dope' Katherine Wells A haunting documentary about a West Virginia town plagued by painkiller addiction Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Paul Quinn Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 20 Plus 1 on G+ 70 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares144 Editorials Google Home The Amazon Echo was my pacifier as I waited for Google’s entry into the home assistant space. Setting my Google Play Music library aside, I suffered through using Amazon’s attempt at a music service devoid of most of my own library. I connected my Google Calendar to Alexa and it offered a glimpse into my future relationship with Google’s assistant. Finally, in early November, I could get my hands on a new Google Home. I had pre-ordered from Google and then discovered I could pick one up at my local Best Buy. The very morning it hit the shelves, I immediately bought one. I brought it home, set it up in the family room and eagerly asked – “OK Google, play my morning hits playlist.” Without skipping a beat, she announced the list and the room filled with my music. The key point here – it was music from MY library. I didn’t cancel that Google pre-order. It was on its way. I figured I could listen to music in my bedroom as well. But – what about the other rooms in my house? What about the smart lights, smart switches, clever irrigation controller, and intelligent thermostat scattered throughout? I need a Google Home in every room to live the dream of a voice controlled home! I bought four more. My home is outfitted with six Google Home devices. There’s one in every room. I can control my smart home with my voice from anywhere I stand. I can spread music into any room. I can turn on, dim, and turn off lights in various rooms with just my voice. It’s as close as I can get to living on the Enterprise. Google's vision of the future with Google Home. Well, one Home. That’s the dream. Unfortunately, it isn’t a reality (yet). Google has failed at a key feature that it so proudly spoke of that morning in May. The nice lady living inside each Home is often unable to tell if you are talking to her or her sister in the neighboring room. It can result in some frustrating, sometimes comical, exchanges. It is amazing how well the little air freshener shaped unit can hear you from several rooms away. With multiple Homes, you’ll find yourself making requests and getting responses from two of them. It usually involves one of them, not necessarily the one closest to you, executing the request and the other apologizing to you that it can’t. From my bedroom in the morning, I might ask how long it will take to get to work and hear the detailed response in the distance from the kitchen. There will be times when the Home in front of me fulfills my request and another will rattle off from down the hall. You also have the ghosts. I never thought my home might be haunted - until now. There will be times when I turn off the TV, hang up on a call, or just walk out of the bathroom and hear something in another room. I’ll find a Google Home playing music or a podcast that I don’t listen to in a randomly selected room. Who asked to listen to opera at low volume in the guest room? Ghosts. There isn’t a constant circus of home assistants chiming in from all over the house. The closest Home does respond properly more than half of the time. However, I have found myself at times leaning over and almost whispering to a Google Home when I want to be sure the others don’t hear. There is talk of multiuser support coming soon, but it remains to be seen if this will improve its ability to identify which Home I am talking to. For now, I must look like a fool. I am whispering to an air freshener because I don’t want the others to hear. Creepy? Maybe. Tags editorial google home google home app google home fail video subscribe ... Previous Story Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues ... Next Story Some Pixel and Nexus fingerprint sensors not working after Android 7.1.2 update Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments David Ruddock Paul already has one small post up on AP, but this is his real "introduction" post. When Paul pitched this to us, I knew I wanted to see it on AP, it's just such a funny, kind of ridiculous situation he describes. Say hi to Paul, everyone. OligarchyAmbulance Hi to Paul, everyone. Steve Wright Surely, you must be joking. Zomby2D No, he's OligarchyAmbulance Suicide_Note Don't call him Shirley. Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,........ Carson Saldanha Hi David Sean Thomas Hey Paul next time you're buying expensive accessories for every room in your house can you just throw me a hundo instead? Thanks! Sean Thomas Seems like something I would say. Paul Quinn I asked my office Home to get on that. The one in the kitchen responded. She can't do it but she's learning. Christopher Young I can completely sympathize with you. I have two Google Homes in my small apartment (living room/bedroom), and they frequently get confused where I'm at. I want to play music in the bedroom? Nope, the cozy jazz station starts blaring in the living room. There is one awesome benefit of having two Google Homes: I can fill my entire apartment with music with only a few words. dcdttu I hope Google Home gets a lot of support from Google itself and doesn't turn out to be a Hangouts. Or a Wave. Or a Nexus Player. Or a Nexus Q. Or a Google Reader. Or a tablet of any kind. Oh and hi Paul! Paul Quinn HI! Yeah, I'm worried that they will jump ship because they can't figure out a way to monetize it. No ads. If it starts playing ads, Home is moving out. The Echo doesn't really have a monetization angle except that you can shop on Amazon. Google added Google Express to the Home. But really? I'm not shopping on one of these things (yet). Lateef Alabi-Oki I thought the monetization was making money off selling the hardware. Paul Quinn They also need to keep expanding the ecosystem and product functionality which takes work that costs money. I don't know if that one time purchase price covers all that in the long run. Lord Argyris I think what Google is banking on is that if a user has one or more Homes, it makes them that much more likely to stick with the Android ecosystem in general, which means all Google's already existing means of getting money are a bit more secure from such a user switching over to the big "A". Of course it remains to be seen whether or not this is effective. Dk Schlösser The monetization is in the services offered by Google Paul Quinn I don't know what service I access through the Home makes Google any money, short of using it to buy things on Google Express. It does produce a little more profiling information but I doubt that it's enough to pay for the ongoing development. Ryan I think its all about search and locking you into their services, just like the chromecast. Because of chromecast (and now google home) I am more locked into Google Music. I am more locked into Youtube, Play Movies, searching on Google, etc. Just like Android. The specific device/service doesnt have to make money, its a "loss leader" to drive you to their other, profitable services. A very common thing in almost any consumer industry. fluffthebunny The monetization is off selling all the data gleaned by your six devices listening to your every word. You have become one with the Home. You have been assimilated. skitchbeatz I've got an open concept, one in the kitchen and one in the living room. They fight over responding and sometimes both respond. It's frustrating. I've thought about moving one of them up or down a floor. It's half implemented. It doesn't make sense because the assistant on the phone will sometimes read "answering on another device. Artem Russakovskii I have 4 Google Homes (2 in nearby areas where they can both hear me at the same time - kitchen and living room), 2 Alexas (though both Alexas can't hear me at the same time), and I can confirm - combined with multiple phones on family members, it's a mess. Let alone Home kicks in and starts talking once a day or so when not asked (doesn't happen nearly as often with Alexa). LithiumFox Never had that happen with ours... givitumibeybi 4 google homes and 2 alexas?? Artem, I think you might have some issues. Artem Russakovskii No, I just have more than one room. Dk Schlösser Change the trigger word for your Alexas Nick After my experiences with Amazon Echo, I have felt that these type of products are not ready for prime time. It's a cool concept, but these little, quirky issues that pop up with these "Home Assistants" suggest otherwise. Perhaps I'm more security minded than other people, but these sort of IoT products are ripe for security issues as well and the combination of these things has me totally turned off to the current market. Tony T. If you have multiple Homes, can you ask Google to play music and have all of them play the same music in sync? Defenestratus yes. Ed G You can have all of them play music like a Sonos. Also will link with Chromecast Audio. trickytree1984 Will it link to chrome cast proper? Joshua Pritt no, you can't group Chromecast video devices, only audio. Paul Quinn Yes, you can create groups. For example, I have a group named "Front of the house" that connects three of them. You're best bet is to name them things that roll of the tongue like, "Hey Google, play my 90's hits playlist on the front of the house." Defenestratus I've got three homes, and I don't have this issue at all. Of course they're all on different floors and I live in a rather open-floor plan home so there's that. I've never had it come on as a ghost... ever. Chris You spent over 800 on google homes?!?! Omg man what kinda bank you making. That is insanity. Or no savings? I mean a financially responsible person cannot spend that much unless their income is huge haha. Defenestratus Yesterday I spent $1000 on a shower fixture (Moen U) David Ruddock OMG YOU ACTUALLY BOUGHT ONE OF THOSE? Defenestratus My wife saw it on "I want that" on DIY network and, well, yeah. We're about to start a master suite renovation so it was the perfect opportunity. For her, the hardest part of the day is getting up out of bed and waiting for the shower to heat up, getting cold in the process (she could get cold in the middle of equatorial guinea and we live in the North East US) so when she saw that she could turn the shower on from bed and it would alert her when it was ready for her, it was a done deal. I'm actually thinking of making a google assistant handler for it when it shows up. Chris Damn dude! How much do you make?? I see all these cool things and want them but I decide my money is better sitting in my savings account or the stock market. Defenestratus I specialize in software that is used for pharmaceutical research and clinical trials. I make a good living. Oh and my wife's a doctor. Chris Ah definitely. That's awesome dude. I work at a vaccine start up so hopefully we'll get a product past the FDA then I can buy 1k showers ;) Defenestratus Very cool. My company does a lot of work on vaccine studies. Best of luck. You have a long 12-14 years of approval process ahead of you! goodnightmare "Ok Moen...." Doesn't have quite the same ring to it. Paul Quinn The timing was right. I got three of them for $100 apiece using Visa Checkout and some helpful friends. Chris That's good dude. I haven't been able to convince myself to get one yet. I don't listen to music at home and not really sure what else I'd use it for. I did get a nest recently but still I don't mind pulling out my phone to change the temp. Paul Quinn I have an Ecobee now. My Nest kept thinking I was away because I didn't walk down that hallway enough. The Ecobee has remote sensors. Unfortunately, the Home currently does not have a direct integration with Home. I'm using IFTTT. Lawstorant Is it that hard to check which Home is the closest, based on the loudness of one's speech? Paul Quinn It might be that Google focused on their ability to hear your voice based on having one Home. If you have one, you want it to be able to hear you from a distance. That will backfire when you introduce more of them. They are all listening too well. Mace Moneta It could probably be resolved easily, by having the Google Homes reduce sensitivity of the mic, based upon the number of Google Home's on the network. Paul Quinn I had two Echos when they announced improved far-field functionality. I tested it at the time and it was working better. I didn't do any long term testing because I switched to the Home. With that in mind, Amazon was able to improve the situation with a software update so I agree that Google should have fixed this by now. Lawstorant Well, it's still Google. They have the money and the manpower to overcome such "hurdles". Why is it that more often than not, they seem like a small start-up composed of fresh out-of -college programmers. Nigel Antonio lol I thought I was the only one with that problem... Jesse Corbett So I have 2, one that covers the bedroom/bathroom half of my apartment and on that covers the kitchen/dining/living room section. I have never had an issue with both responding, if I may share my anecdote. However, I frequently am sitting 10 feet from the living room Home and hear my bedroom Home respond, despite being further away, in another room, down a hallway, with the first between me and it. I don't understand. Michael Stiffler Haha, I've had to whisper to my phone if I don't want her (Home) to hear! Aleem Kanji I think it's time to admit that Google is really screwing the pooch here. Nexus hardware failures, Pixel issues, Google Homes not living up to the hype, constant beta-feel to their products... I have a Nexus 6P, two Google Homes, and I'm all-in on Google services, but... for fuck's sake, I'm thinking of jumping ship entirely. Even Android news sites are seeming to be whole-heartedly disappointed with Google and the growing lack of positivity is disheartening. Google either needs to put up and get their shit together with product polish and following through on promises (or not promising the moon to begin with) or they shut the hell up and we all buy iPhones and call it a day. Paul Quinn My thoughts are not really heading down that road. The Home does a lot of things right. It's core features, music and access to Google's massive database of information, are working. Light control works well. There are some very useful IFTTT integrations. The Echo had its issues when it came out and it has grown up. I'm not ready to give up on the Home. I see it slowly improving. I don't miss any Echo features. My 6P was a good experience overall but ultimately, yeah, it failed me in terms of the camera. My new Mate 9 has an absolutely amazing camera. I have no experience with the Pixel though. The general consensus is that the Pixel is amazing. I'm looking forward to the next one. Leoniv Same here. I'm all in with Google tech and have been with them since 2.3, but lately they've been a hot mess. They broke the dialer on multiple phones, hosed bluetooth so it disconnected randomly, and that doesn't even include the issues with the nexus and pixel phones. I hate to admit it, but the iPhones are looking more attractive. Jack Smith Really? Google home is not even 6 months old. GH is easily the most humanist technology that you can buy It is incredible what can do but not perfect and yet it is over? Little dramatic? Where are you going to get anything close? I have had the Echo since the very first day. It is NOT like the GH. Comparisons are ridiculous. Echo has commands and the GH you talk We are so.early with this and obviously the relatively minor issues in the scheme of things will get resolved. I have one echo and counting GHs that I gave away I have purchased 7. Not to say I dislike my Echo but it is not the future, IMO, like the GH. Aleem Kanji I'm TOTALLY being dramatic, actually. I love my Google Home. I love my Nexus. I also tried an iPhone for the first time late last year (iOS 10 got my attention) and I love it too. My tenure with my iPhone was about 4 months, and, like clockwork, I'd always put my SIM back in my N6P every Wednesday night until Saturday, then switch back to my iPhone (which is a bitch with iMessage, BTDub). The iPhone IS more polished, has better power and battery management, but isn't exciting to me the way Android is. I could never give it up. It's like a drug. But, like a drug, I'm hopelessly addicted to something that promises the highest of highs, then always leaves me chasing the dragon. Google promises the world, then has a tendency to either fall short or simple pulls the rug out. In a world where the Pixel exists and it commands iPhone and Galaxy level money, in a world where Google is trying it's hand at a software AND hardware ecosystem, I expect more. I expect polish, I expect promises to be kept - or at least reasonable expectations to be given. Now, people can come back and say that Google is new at hardware and I understand and forgive that. But they aren't a hardware company in the way that they take responsibility for their products 100%, in that they quality test, in that they have any sort of retail presence that goes beyond simply "trying" something out. They have time to build that, so I'll admit that I need to give them time to sort it out. I'm just worried that they'll get complacent or lose interest and one morning wake up and say "Oh yeah, that Android thing and all that hardware and stuff - I'm over it." If Google is going to change direction and add hardware to their list of products, I expect that they keep in mind that it also means that we - not our data - become customers too. 2×4 alexa does this same thing compuguy1088 That's not true. A software update allows for multiple amazon echo devices with the same hotword to work. They've had this since around the end of last year. 2×4 that's my point - it doesnt work well Midnitte "You also have the ghosts. I never thought my home might be haunted - until now. There will be times when I turn off the TV, hang up on a call, or just walk out of the bathroom and hear something in another room. I’ll find a Google Home playing music or a podcast that I don’t listen to in a randomly selected room. Who asked to listen to opera at low volume in the guest room? Ghosts." I have two and I've grouped them in a "home unit" and I've never experienced this. Typically I'll play music on one but sometimes I'll tell it to play music on both and I've never experienced it playing music on a rogue Home goodnightmare Nor have I. kalehv This is a constant struggle. I have two Google Homes and a bunch of phones / tablets that also respond to "Ok Google" I usually use "Hey Google" to avoid waking up phones and tablets but there is no other way round like when I want to be reminded of something, there is no command that only capable devices (phones and tablets) would listen and not the Home. Home wins over taking control and apologizes for not being able to set reminders and actual capable devices say "Answering on other device" :( thacounty I have mine in opposite corners of the house to prevent this. The real issue is that I'll talk quietly to my phone and it will still hear me. Then my Pixel says answering on another device, which is Home telling me she can't do that yet, while my Pixel could have handled it just fine. Gets frustrating, but my 2 year old son yelling at it to play Batman Play-Doh Eggs makes it worth double what I paid. JG Glad I'm not the only one with this problem. Right now I only have two Google Homes set up, one in my bedroom and the other in the living room. If I'm in the living room, even my normal speaking voice will almost certainly trigger both Home units to talk to me. Like Paul, I have to turn to the one in the living room and whisper in order to get only one. And that can be hard if the TV is blasting away to. Though for some reason when I'm in my bedroom, I usually only trigger the bedroom unit. It gets very annoying when the one I want to talk to tells me she can't help while the other rattles off some long winded multi-paragraph answer (especially when I just asked "what time is it"). Being in another room (and sharing the same voice as the one talking next to you) its often hard to understand what she's saying - and of course there's no "Hey Google, what did you just say?" command... I wanted to set up a third in the other bedroom. But until I'm sure I won't be getting three different responses to each query.... Amazon claims to have an algorithm to determine which of multiple Echo units should respond. I don't have multiple Echo units so I can't test the validity myself, but if they can figure it out... I'm sure Google, with their expertise in machine learning shouldn't have too much bother with it. goodnightmare Acoustics. :) illregal I've got 3 in pretty close proximity, and a 4th whenever lg decides to send those out. Only about 1 out of 10 requests gets answered by the one i wasn't intentionally talking to. 4Ui812 Hi Paul ? Paul Quinn Hi! Rasovan Mircea Google have to upgrade the sound waves and not allow them to travel more than one room.... Tired_Guy I have a Home, a Nexus 9, a Nexus 7 and a Pixel XL, so assistant works on all of them. If all are in my den charging, saying OK Google is like he described only a bit weirder, as I can say it specifically to my Pixel XL in my hand and the Nexus 9 answers, through it's cover. Multiple device synchronization is vital Packer Backer Another reason to allow users to set the hot word. "Hey Bub! Hey Betty! Hey Fumbduck!" would would activate three different devices. Dk Schlösser The solution is to be able to change the trigger word for each device. You can do this on Alexa. Paul Quinn Currently, only my Home responds to "Hey Google" so I use that to talk to the Home. my phones and tablets don't respond. That cuts down on the problem a bit as long as I don't want to use voice with my phone. If I say "OK Google" to my phone, the Home may also respond. A quick fix for now would be to have the option to set the Home NOT to respond to "OK Google" and only "Hey Google." Bill Riess Yeah I just recently discovered this issue when I moved from an echo and echo dot to 4 Google homes. For the most part they work pretty good but it's annoying when they pick up in the wrong room. Multiuser and Sonos integration would be great additions as well. goodnightmare I've had four of these in my home since day one. Yes, occasionally we'll get some random response from a distant device, but it doesn't affect performance. The requested task is completed properly 95% of the time and any hiccups have never been due to multiple devices trying to provide feedback. Our Google Home experience has been quite pleasant and loads of fun. DomBrady Same. I've got three. I have had one interference related issue. Charles222 Same with four here as well. I've had an interference problem with my kitchen & living room ones, but taking a few steps towards one or the other solves it. nerdshowandtell.com I also have 6 Google Homes and the issues described here I only had a month or so ago and they went away. Id also make sure you have solid wifi with no interference to eliminate any delay in the homes seeing each other. As for the random asking/talking, maybe have seen that 3 times since it came out. Definitely not in awhile. Brett Koger I also have several Google Home devices, I am not experiencing the issues you state. I even have two of them with in 20 feet (they are in different rooms) I will see both activate but only one will respond. I have only experienced what you are see a few times. It is not the norm. Paul Quinn I have noticed that situation where more than one activate but only two of them can actually be visualized at one time. To me, that's a good sign. It means they are hearing you but identifying which one should respond. Maxr1998 Hi Paul! Very entertaining and interesting article. I don't have a Google Home myself yet (not available in Germany, functionality in German is likely pretty limited (as seen in Assistant on phones), my Home Assistant setup isn't supported by Google Home/Google Assistant, and IFTTT is too slow (10 seconds+) atm), but the idea of having one is very intriguing for me :) Paul Quinn Hi Max! I guess one plus side of living in another country is that Google works out bugs in the United States before it expands across the globe. JD So it's not just me. Alexa is just that much better with its spatial recognition. It has a 100% hit rate on responding on the right unit. Sandeep Raghuraman One solution to your problem - setup mic + speakers in each room, and use one Google Home. That way, only one Google Home device will respond. Although, the next problem would be, how does Google Home decide which mic to listen through? Maybe a device that mixes all of those input streams from the different mics? Nick Riviera Try power cycling your units to keep them from talking over one another. sucatrops If you bought 6 Google Homes and didn't expect more than one to respond to you, you should shoot yourself. Ryan I dont see the need to have one in all 6 rooms of my home. Having one in the open air living/dining room and kitchen is plenty, it hears me from 40 feet no matter what. Then another in my bedroom. I dont think I need them in the guest rooms. Maybe one in the office, but that is all the way on the other side of the house from the bedroom. Maybe 6 is the overkill. Paul Quinn I have smart lighting in all the main rooms of the house. I wouldn't want any of us to be yelling from room to adjust lighting in another. I did put in remotes in the rooms as well because you should have another option besides voice. I think for most people, one or two is plenty. I'm really into smart home technology despite its incredibly fragmented implementation right now. I know my house is going beyond the norm. The fact that yours hear you from 40 feet away is what is causing the downfall in my house. Đức Thành 6 Google Homes? You're a crazy man. I like you. 6 is still nowhere near enough, though. Andrew Hartley It was clear Paul was a bit 'unusual' from the moment he mentioned the Enterprise. I've been teaching science using the latest technology for 30+ and my dream has always been to walk into my classroom in the morning and for a cute sounding female voice to welcome me from my computer with a good morning asking me what I would like to do today. Google home I found you at last 😉 That doesn't sound weird does it 😎 Paul Quinn Sounds fantastic! D.Smithee I like when you're home alone in a quiet house and this thing starts spouting gibberish with no warning. Paul Quinn Tonight.... one of the Homes (in the office) decided to "forget" the lights in the room. Just the lights in the room that it's in. It kept saying there were no lights set up for that room. The remote went dead too. It was darkness. But... it let me operate the lights from other Homes. No I'm starting to wonder if Google read this... and is toying with me. I got the remote back online. The Home is still protesting. Bill3 Hi Paul, not sure what's going on there. I have three Google Homes and have only had that happen once or twice. They'll often beep together, but only one will answer. It could be a problem with your WiFi network. Are they connected to different AP points? Paul Quinn Yes. Despite two of them being closer to another access point in my house, I've kept the Homes on the primary router which is able to deliver a strong enough signal throughout the house. I use an access point to guarantee a connection to the irrigation controller outside. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.437s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 13 Share on Facebook 39 Share on Twitter Total Shares104 Applications Google News Google Now on Tap was introduced alongside Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which used context on your screen to help you find information. Google Assistant replaced Now on Tap (for compatible devices), and carried over most of its functionality. Now Assistant is making it slightly more obvious that it can search your screen and take screenshots.    Left: Old design; Center, Right: New design Before, screen search results would appear below the main Assistant prompt after a few seconds, and the screenshot button was found below the screen search results. Buttons for screen search and taking a screenshot are now immediately visible when Assistant is opened. This is a minor improvement, but definitely a welcome one. The change appears to be part of a server-side update, so if you don't have it, you will soon. Thanks: Łukasz Tags assistant Google google now on tap now on tap Screen Search screenshot ui subscribe ... Previous Story Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger ... Next Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 Finally. The old swipe up barely even worked most of the time. I've been waiting for them to do something like this. Paul Smith Don't even have assistant yet... Nexus 5x 7.12 samiazza Same here, is there any way to get it without root? Suresh Aryal Change the phone language to US English, delete Google app data and you should be running Assistant after few setup screens or just wait for few hours. samiazza Thank you, it worked:-) belac77 that's so weird. I've had Assistant on my Moto G Play running Marshmallow from the second or third day the rollout began! Zahir_SMASH be glad you don't. Alex Dueppen Is it just me or did Assistant get rid of the OCR thing where you could select text on your screen? Bombaglad this was never a part of assistant, only now on tap Nicholas Matranga Nope, they removed it for some reason. That was one of the main things I used now on tap for. Corbin Davenport That feature was never ported to Assistant. Mohammad Fazal Love this Now on tap feature. And now its gone :/ Evgany Used it all the time. Bring it back. Ruel Johnson It's still there you highlight the text then once you open assistant you tap "What's on my screen" Rami Hmm, never knew that worked. Still doesn't help if the text is in an image or it is non selectable text. Steve Riendeau Awesome, thank you! XgudwilX Not the same. You could copy text from within any app, screen, photo, whatever. Even a photo you took of a food label, street sign, or hand written note. Many languages and fonts too. You'd just hit the little copy (👆🏿)icon and go to town. It was amazing. The Now On Tap reverse image search, from within the camera app was awesome too. Much faster than what the Assistant tries to do. It's usually hit or miss. Oh well, maybe this new change is Google making room to bring back the text select (👆🏿) icon! MayorMcCheese Main reason I removed Assistant David Hyman While not ideal and not always a option, you can select text and then trigger the assistant and it'll use that for search context. And there are other apps CTRL-F (I think) that does basically the same thing. So you can share the screenshot with CTRL-F and then copy the text form there kalehv Also I remember Google Now on Tap did screen search when Camera was open. Was helpful to read barcodes but now that's gone. I don't want to install another app just to read barcodes, or QR codes whatever. mjmdroid Got it and already used it more than 4 times today Nicholas Smith Is there any way to use google assistant to schedule calendar events from your text messages? That was a huge feature of on-tap and I don't get why it went away. SocialSupaCrew Yes it's still present with assistant :) Miles Reiter What kind of context were you using that feature in with Assistant? I was trying to get that to work the other day with a clearly spelled out date and time from an email, and it wasn't finding a thing on my screen. motoridersd Awesome! I hated scrolling down to get to the button, so I wasn't using this feature much. This is much better. Eddy Nelson Lopez They need to bring text selection back! Deeco I got a Screenshot of not having Google Assistant, shall I share? FU Google demarcmj no thank you abqnm Maybe someday they'll add a button to open the damn Google app from the assistant pop-up. If I can't talk to my phone, I want to still be able to search without having to go back to the homescreen and then into the Google app. Miles Reiter I'm thinking about writing some kind of case study around the rollout of Assistant and the pro's/con's compared to Now on Tap. What you mentioned is definitely a pain point in my own usage. I'm curious whether there's anything else (good or bad) that stands out to you about Assistant. Luke Taylor As a language learner, one of the big setbacks about GA is that I no longer have the ability to translate my screen or select specific text on my screen if the screen search doesn't pull up any results. I used those on a daily basis! Grey It's easy. You hit the Google icon next to the search, nothing happens, you fumble around, you tap the search box, you swipe up and down, you get very frustrated, and eventually it randomly closes on you when you try pressing the phone back button, so you press the "recent apps" button but it doesn't exist and you get even more frustrated so you tap the Home Screen Search Box and tap the Google icon and Google Now might load. See? Easy. LOL There are still things that Google Now does better then Assistant.....Very annoying Cory S Eh, I think Now did just about everything better than Assistant. aRvInD I want my Google Now onTap back? Is there any mod to get it? Zahir_SMASH Change your phone's language to US Virgin Islands English. You get Now On Tap back, and Google's voice responses get an Australian accent, which I think you can fix, but I find charming in its own way. titetanium Go to apkmirror and download Google App version 6.11.21 or earlier. You'll probably lose any recent data saved in the current version, but Now on Tap will be back. Don't upgrade the app afterwards. Profit. Zahir_SMASH That's a lot more trouble than just changing your language to another English option titetanium Perhaps, but you won't have to worry about getting Assistant going forward as long as you stay on the old version. How long before El Goog updates the other English language options to have Assistant? Miles Reiter What are some of those things that Now did better for you? To be clear I definitely agree, just looking for some things I might not have thought of for writing a case study on the subject! LOL To be honest I don't really use them often. But I really like how Google Now gives you this nice weather card with ton of info, there is no such a thing in Assistant. Also Google Now is able tell which song is playing, again it's missing from Assistant brownjames Text search from any screen. Selection of non selectable onscreen text. Language translation of non selectable text onscreen. Those are my favorite 3 features of Now on Tap that are not in Assistant. Luke Taylor Exactly the same as you. Text translation and selection was used daily by me. Hugely bummed that Assistant can't do it. Michel Sa I could do image searrch (searching by image) using Now on tap, Assistant can't Mohit Saini Will Moto X2 get google assistant? Or it's only available to 64bit devices like s7,nexus 6p...... Zahir_SMASH Pretty sure it is supposed to be rolling out to any device with Marshmallow and up. Corbin Davenport It's for any phone (not tablet) running 6.0 and up, and I think there's a minimum RAM requirement too. Zahir_SMASH Good to know, thanks blindexecutioner Still isn't as good as now on tap. Before when I'd use that on my home screen it would bring up a bunch of options like navigate to work or home. Now it just says there isn't anything. Margaritas Ante Porcos Bixby button is a good place for Google Assistant. diskostu I hate the Assistant, but I love Now On Tap. Is there any way to get Now On Tap back? ro.opa.eligible_device=false does not work anymore. Major Sceptic I liked on tap too , the assistant may be ok in some ways , but I find myself using the AI features less now than when I had on tap . Sometimes I wonder if having all the Wizz bang software that tries to make life easier by bombarding us with constantly​ with organisational​ suggestions that it may in fact be more like a nagging mother in-law . Or I'm just getting old and grumpy in my old age 😎 ? _jack_ You're not. Guilherme Pata Typing to the assistant as you do in Allo would be a real feature. This button doesn't do much when all you had to do before was swipe up... itsatrap It's not as good as Now on tap. demarcmj Didn't this happen like a month ago? https://www.google.com/search?q=google+assistant+%22What%27s+on+my+screen%22&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8 All the results are from around 3/15 (ish) Corbin Davenport It's been rolling out slowly. demarcmj Interesting. I figured the roll-out was about done since I have it and I never get anything early. Still, staged roll-out or not, I was surprised to see that you guys hadn't covered this already. Cakefish Still no assistant available in the UK on a non-Pixel device... hurry up Google. And bring YouTube Red over here while you're at it. Why is Google so lethargic with updates? freshprince_87 Never cared for the now on tap screenshot option. kalehv I also wish that Assistant could be dismissed by just swiping down. It shows up from bottom halfway to the top and it stretches to top when you pull it up only makes me think it could be pulled down to dismiss but .... Dan it does that if it's still on the bottom half of the screen. just tried it. kalehv Yeah but you pull it up to go all the way to top makes me think you can pull it down as well which doesn't work. Ishti Screen translation and text recognition scanning missing. Portzblitz Smart. Before, when you'd summon Assistant, whether you needed more info or not, Google would be processing at the bottom anyway even though few people ever actually swipe up for it; now, the button can be instantly available, but the processing will only happen for people who press it. Separates the task load. Michel Sa Where is the image search from Now on tap! Assistant is a step back. DC_Guy It's MUCH more useful this way. I take a lot of screenshots and i hated always having to scroll down to get to the share button. Sang Ngaihte No Assistant till now in India. Only Now on tap. Sibin C Baby I need the old text selection back....That's the only reason I'm still continuing in Google now Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 320 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 105 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Sydney Morning Herald News site of the year Technology Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Become a SMH member today! Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News NSW News National Environment Health Education Investigations Good Weekend Galleries Clique Photos Victoria News Queensland ACT News WA News Sport NRL Union AFL Football Cricket Racing Motorsport Basketball Netball Cycling Tennis Scores Golf US Sports Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorials Column 8 Obituaries Peter Hartcher Ross Gittins Jessica Irvine Blunt Instrument Satire Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage What's On in Sydney Video Shop Art Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games eSports Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports Home Tech News April 15 2017 - 8:49AM Save Print Apple is going to test self-driving cars Brian Fung and Hayley Tsukayama 37 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More After months of speculation that the company is developing automotive technology, Apple has officially leapt into the war for self-driving cars by obtaining a test permit from California regulators. The permit allows Apple to begin testing up to three 2015 Lexus SUVs similar to the type that Google uses for its autonomous cars. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next North Korea parades its military might Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:06 More World News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 01:29 Google offers first ride in self-driving ... Google offers first ride in self-driving car This week Waymo, Google's self-driving car division, offered it's first ride-along to media in the fleet of Lexus autonomous vehicles that the company has been testing on roads in the suburbs of Phoenix. Up Next North Korea parades its military might Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:06 Video duration 01:06 North Korea parades its military might North Korea parades its military might Kim Jong-un shows off North Korea's submarine-launched ballistic missiles (SLBM) for the first time as the reclusive state marked the 105th birth anniversary of its founding father. Up Next Eyeing North Korea amid war fears Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:47 Video duration 01:47 Eyeing North Korea amid war fears Eyeing North Korea amid war fears As North Korea finalizes preparations for the 105th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il Sung, the world watches on to see if a sixth nuclear test could follow. Up Next Dark horse could win French election Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:33 Video duration 02:33 Dark horse could win French election Dark horse could win French election More than a third of the French are undecided on who they'll vote for as president ahead of the election on April 23. Up Next North Korea 'on the brink of war' Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 North Korea 'on the brink of war' North Korea 'on the brink of war' North Korea says the US is pushing the situation on the Korean peninsula 'to the brink of war' as an American naval fleet nears the region. Up Next Filipino Catholics crucify themselves at Easter Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:48 Video duration 00:48 Filipino Catholics crucify themselves at ... Filipino Catholics crucify themselves at Easter Filipino Catholics in the northern province of Pampanga re-enact the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. Up Next British woman fatally stabbed in Jerusalem Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 British woman fatally stabbed in Jerusalem British woman fatally stabbed in Jerusalem A Palestinian man has stabbed a British woman to death on Jerusalem's transit network as Christians marked Good Friday and Muslims held prayers at respective holy sites nearby. Up Next Russia, Iran and Syria condemn US strikes on Syria Play Video Don't Play Video duration 01:28 Video duration 01:28 Russia, Iran and Syria condemn US strikes ... Russia, Iran and Syria condemn US strikes on Syria The foreign ministers of Russia, Syria and Iran warn the US that further unilateral actions - like the strikes on a Syrian airbase last week - pose a threat to the whole world. More videos Google offers first ride in self-driving car This week Waymo, Google's self-driving car division, offered it's first ride-along to media in the fleet of Lexus autonomous vehicles that the company has been testing on roads in the suburbs of Phoenix. By obtaining clearance from California's Department of Motor Vehicles, Apple is signalling that it is serious about pushing forward with self-driving technology despite reports last northern autumn that it was scaling back its ambitions. California's DMV disclosed the permit on its website on Friday, which lists several dozen other companies that are testing self-driving technology. The group includes BMW, Ford, Honda, Nissan, Uber and others. Related Content Uber suspends testing of self-driving cars after crash Self-driving cars may be closer than they appear Like those other companies, Apple's test vehicles will have human drivers behind the wheel when they go out on public roads, according to California regulations. Speculation surrounding an Apple automotive project has been bubbling for years, with Apple keeping a tight lid on its plans. Advertisement The project quickly became something of an open secret among technology-watchers, even if it was never truly clear what Apple was working on. The ambiguity surrounding the effort was reflected in the numerous names that circulated about the project, such as the "Apple Car", "the iCar" and "Project Titan". Some predicted that the company would itself be producing driveable vehicles. Others said Apple was more likely focusing on software that could be used to control a car, or to upgrade a car by injecting it with autonomous capabilities. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Apple CEO Tim Cook. Speculation surrounding an Apple automotive project has been bubbling for years, with Apple keeping a tight lid on its plans.  Photo: AP Some reports suggested Apple's new vehicle could be powered exclusively by battery-electric technology, much like cars produced by Tesla. A 2015 hiring spree at Apple for automotive engineers prompted another wave of rumours. Some of the new hires came from companies such as Ford and Tesla, who are also researching self-driving technology. But by last October, many in the team had reportedly left or been reassigned as a result of a strategic shift by the company to focus on the software side of self-driving technology. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link Some say Apple is more likely focusing on software that could be used to control a car. Photo: AP Despite the permit, it's still unclear what specific aspect Apple is working on. Apple declined to comment, referring to public remarks that it had submitted to federal highway authorities in November on its research into automation. "There are many potential applications for these technologies, including the future of transportation, so we want to work with NHTSA to help define the best practices for the industry," Apple wrote to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. With its permit, Apple is leaping into an increasingly competitive race to build the world's first mainstream self-driving car. On Thursday, General Motors announced that it plans to expand its self-driving autos unit with 1100 additional jobs and a $US14 million ($18.5 million) investment, and in February Ford said that it was investing $US1 billion in an artificial intelligence company called Argo AI. Self-driving technology has the potential to reshape how people work, play and commute; proponents say automating vehicles will help reduce congestion and prevent crashes caused by human error, which according to federal statistics account for 95 per cent of all accidents. Analysts said that Apple may accelerate the arrival of a fully autonomous car to the market. "It's encouraging to hear Apple is still in the autonomous vehicle game," said Rebecca Lindland, executive analyst at Kelley Blue Book. She added that Apple's entry into the self-driving wars would push the industry to "provide a product that's not only safer, but more secure at a potentially even faster timeline than we're already experiencing". Several automakers, technology hardware firms and software companies have applied to test cars through California's autonomous car program, according to the California Department of Motor Vehicles' website. Companies that wish to test vehicles must provide evidence that they can train qualified employee drivers, can insure their cars and will be liable for any damage incurred during tests. They are also required to submit regular reports outlining any accidents that happen during testing and times that drivers turn off a vehicle's autonomous systems during a test. This is not the first time Apple has leapt into the automotive space. Its CarPlay interface, for example, allows drivers to connect their vehicles with their iPhones - a foray into the market for in-car infotainment that is becoming increasingly common in consumer automobiles. The Washington Post Related Content Not science fiction: Driverless cars approaching faster than you think How safe is safe enough? Advertisement HuffPost Australia This Robot Worker Army Can Sort ... Contains: External link The Latest Apps Designed To Make Your ... Contains: External link Most Popular YouTube accounts hacked by online security group Apple is going to test self-driving cars Facebook combats fake accounts, news amid growing pressure Nintendo discontinues the NES Classic console Uber lets public look under the hood for first time Follow Digital Life Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow SMH Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Technology YouTube accounts hacked by online security group Facebook combats fake accounts, news amid growing pressure Nintendo discontinues the NES Classic console Apple is going to test self-driving cars How Sandy became a gift to science The Sydney Morning Herald The sad reason why so many mothers take selfies with their kids Deadly Panania brawl linked to 'execution-style' killing of Brayden Dillon: police Two metres tall and 180kg: the Aussie teen stunning America North Korea directs missiles towards Australia United States' first female Muslim judge found dead in Hudson River The Age Man sues museum after breaking back in bid to outrun Freeman exhibit United States' first female Muslim judge found dead in Hudson River Veteran police officer Ken Rich killed in bike crash in front of daughter How a $40 medical test became a $1000 test overnight 'The injustice of it': Bryan Dawe breaks his silence on the death of John Clarke Brisbane Times Teenager dies in hospital after being shot at point-blank range while in bed Seafood warning as foam spills from Qantas hangar at Brisbane Airport Flow Hive inventor stung by Chinese 'copycat' United States' first female Muslim judge found dead in Hudson River Chemicals in Brisbane Airport spill have sparked fears 'worldwide' Canberra Times 'People wouldn't give me space': Canberran's excuse for going 158km/h Cruel death that ruined many lives 'The most psychologically ill-equipped president in US history' 'A fizzer': Families scramble for treats at Corin Forest Easter egg hunt 'Living hell': Burglaries leave Canberra mum fearing for kids' safety WA Today Parent takes action after daughter only given half game in final Flow Hive inventor stung by Chinese 'copycat' The sad reason why so many mothers take selfies with their kids Desperate family appeals for information on missing man Dino Hadzic Man dead after being shot by police in Perth hills Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Sydney Morning Herald Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition SMH for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters Sydney Morning Herald Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Opinions Google and Facebook oppose managing the Internet. Except when they’re doing it. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Protesters rally near the Federal Communications Commission building. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post) By David Chavern By David Chavern April 14 at 6:33 PM David Chavern is president and chief executive of the News Media Alliance, a trade association representing about 2,000 newspapers in the United States and Canada. [Editor’s note: The Post is a member of the alliance.] Google and Facebook are facing new competition to their online business models after President Trump signed a bill putting Internet service providers on a path to being able to monetize online users the same way these technology giants do. Next up is the threatened unwinding of the Obama administration’s “net neutrality” rules, which could put these companies in a double bind, because they could soon have to pay Internet service providers a metered rate to move their content to customers’ screens. Google and Facebook will argue — as they did during our fight on net neutrality in 2015 — that ISPs should not be able to prioritize and price the flow of online content. The problem is that they make the exact opposite argument in their role as distributors of news content crucial to our democracy. The two digital giants increase or reduce users’ exposure to news content based on whether publishers — such as the Wall Street Journal or the Indianapolis Star — agree to play by their rules. Those rules are crafted to maximize the flow of advertising revenue, not quality content. Proponents of net neutrality, including Google and Facebook, persuaded the Federal Communications Commission to treat ISPs as “common carriers,” akin to traditional telephone companies. Under decades-old law, such entities are subject to high levels of government regulation on price, access and other consumer issues, all in the name of the public good. Because of the elevated levels of regulation, ISPs aren’t permitted to favor any content, regardless of consumer demand. Now that Ajit Pai — who has said that net neutrality’s “days are numbered” — has become chairman of the FCC, many think the agency will help ISPs reclaim the ability to set their own rules and “toggle” content based on revenue opportunity. News outlets, as creators of high-quality (and expensive) news content, like a level playing field and have supported net neutrality. But it would be hypocritical for Google and Facebook to be the faces of this fight, given their business models. The digital giants have become central to how millions of Americans consume their news, and as these companies rely on consumers’ ever-increasing appetites for news to capture their audiences, the business terms they dictate put intense stress on news industry economics. For example, Google requires publishers to offer “First Click Free” content, lest they be punished — with demoted content that doesn’t abide by the rules in search results. Facebook’s “Instant Articles” allows articles to load faster in user news feeds, even with the newly announced changes and trials, but doesn’t allow a simple or direct way to subscribe to a publication. Meanwhile, both companies pressure newsrooms’ bottom lines by soaking up online ad revenue. A study by Digital Content Next, a publishing trade group, found that major publishers with large digital operations earned only about 14 percent of their total revenue in the first half of last year from distribution platforms — and most of that was from YouTube. Smaller news publishers get peanuts. This debate — as well as the spread of fake news and questions about digital companies’ responsibility in weeding out false content — seems to be leading the tech giants into an increasingly fraught political landscape. Media reporter Michael Wolff observed that the Trump administration and Republican-controlled Congress are creating a “uniquely dangerous moment” for the digital industry as its “customers and employees demand that companies swear ever-more anti-Trump oaths.” Google and Facebook understand the burgeoning vulnerability in their positions. Each has teams to think through its relationships with news content providers. Facebook brought on former CNN anchor Campbell Brown to “help news organizations and journalists work more closely and more effectively with Facebook.” Although welcome, such outreach won’t be enough. Newsrooms have always cooperated with Facebook — so much so that they have co-opted their economic models. What’s really needed is a fair and sustainable split on the advertising income earned off breaking news and good reporting, not just more happy talk about the importance of journalism. As the net neutrality issue heats up again, Facebook’s and Google’s conflicting positions won’t go unnoticed. These companies argue that their content shouldn’t be prioritized based on revenue-driven decisions by ISPs, yet they are doing the same thing to news organizations. It’s an inconsistency that even ardent defenders of net neutrality will be unable to resolve. Something’s got to give. Read more on this issue: Katrina vanden Heuvel: The Trump administration’s other war on the media Paul Ohm: Congress’s vote on Internet privacy could give the FBI massive power Pai and Ohlhausen: No, Republicans didn’t just strip away your Internet privacy rights Dana Milbank: Trump’s fake-news presidency Susan Jacoby: In the Google age, knowledge (without clicking) still matters opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Opinion Trump’s North Korea policy is ‘maximum pressure’ but not ‘regime change’ 2 Opinion Trump is now destroying a healthy health-care system 3 Opinion Trump’s base won’t abandon him — yet 4 Opinion China is suddenly leaning on North Korea — and it might be thanks to Trump 5 Perspective The ‘Mother of All Bombs’ isn’t that big. Why did it unsettle us so much? The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically chanting North Korean troops parade through Pyongyang for Kim Jong-un on 'Day of the Sun' amid threats of nuclear war with Trump Cops who Facebook live-streamed their day inclding bragging about 'shooting the sh** out of a dog,' dishing out 'a** whoopins' and their love of pulling people over are FIRED Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and the spinning table 'He's not a jerk!' Fiancée of stock broker who 'stopped dating hot women because they are full of themselves' defends her boyfriend Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the true nature of the love-hate relationship he had with tempestuous ex-wife Kim Basinger  Adding insult to injury: United did NOT take passenger's bags off his plane after he was dragged off - then sent his luggage to the WRONG address hundreds of miles from where he was hospitalized Delta approves offers of up to $10,000 to flyers who give up seats on overbooked flights after United scandal Mass panic at NYC's Penn Station during the Easter getaway as cops taser a suspect causing a STAMPEDE of passengers fearing he had a gun  Man sues gay dating app Grindr after more than a thousand men turn up looking for sex at his house and WORK after his ex-lover 'created a fake profile inviting men over' Arkansas judge blocks the 'conveyer belt of death' execution of seven death-row inmates in a month EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's a no-show and stays home with his brother's widow who is now his lover The off-cuty cop who tried to take down Pulse nightclub killer: Bodycam pictures reveal first desperate minutes of massacre Fears grow for Nordstrom employee, 28, after she failed to arrive at a doctors appointment and her car was found abandoned one day later  Tragedy as NFL star Todd Heap accidentally runs over and kills his three-year-old daughter Federal government reports deficit of $526 BILLION despite record-breaking income and payroll tax collection Actress tells how she was sexually assaulted and pushed onto subway tracks in terrifying ordeal inside Manhattan's West Village Could this missile one day nuke the west coast of America? Kim Jong Un unveils huge new ICBM at 'Day of the Sun' parade As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago without his chief of staff or some key advisors Special forces raid, missile strike, cyber warfare or MORE negotiations: Trump's choices for dealing with Kim Jong-un - but experts say there are NO good options He knows he can't win but it would be an unimaginable humiliation for him to back down: In a deadly game of dare, Kim Jong-un will take the suicide option, says MARK ALMOND  Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92 ISIS militants in Afghanistan... but terror group DENY any of their fighters died  'We will pulverize the headquarters of evil and ruthlessly ravage US troops': North Korea makes menacing boast it will take on Donald Trump with 'merciless' strikes on South Korea and US bases as China warns of 'war at any moment' 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the terrifying moment the US dropped the Mother Of All Bombs on ISIS terrorists  'I've rarely felt more fearful for the future': PETER OBORNE, the first journalist to visit the Syrian village hit by Trump's missiles, says peace has been set back years in a war where truth and logic have gone to hell  Previous Next Google is back in the dock over the illegal trade in pills: MPs tell the web giant to block sites selling prescription-only medicines A Daily Mail investigation found potentially dangerous drugs for sale online They included abortion pills and a controversial acne drug linked to suicides MPs called for the internet giant to monitor and block links to the illicit traders  By Ben Wilkinson and Lucy Osborne for the Daily Mail Published: 18:44 EDT, 14 April 2017 | Updated: 19:23 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail 7 View comments Google faced accusations of irresponsibility yesterday over its failure to block links to online pharmacies trading illegally in prescription-only drugs. A Daily Mail investigation found potentially dangerous drugs for sale without prescription from dozens of pharmacy websites, including so-called abortion pills and a controversial acne drug linked to several teenage suicides. MPs called for the internet giant to monitor and block links to the illicit traders amid warnings that medicines bought from illegal sites could be contaminated with other substances. Google – the most used search engine in the world – cannot remove websites from the internet but can stop webpages from appearing in its search results. It has previously come under fire for its failure to bar links to graphic jihadi propaganda videos and child pornography. Journalists used Google to find websites selling prescription drugs including sex-change hormones, sleeping pills, cancer drugs, statins and antibiotics. They were available to buy within minutes following a simple search, and involved minimal checks or health questions from the online pharmacies. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Chicago pair who posed with ISIS flag and threatened to... Can you build your own iPhone? Man scours the markets in... Share this article Share The majority of sites did not warn of potential side effects or verify the buyer’s age, and those that did only required a box to be ticked, and access to a credit card. Dr Sarah Wollaston, the chairman of the Commons health committee, said the illicit trade in prescription drugs was ‘very worrying’ and called for Google to do more to monitor or block such searches. The Conservative MP and former GP told the Mail: ‘They are generating vast profits and they have vast resources to monitor this sort of thing. They should take it down.’ Labour MP Chi Onwurah said: ‘Google has to recognise it is more than just a platform. Google faced accusations of irresponsibility over its failure to block links to online pharmacies trading illegally in prescription-only drugs. Pictured: Google HQ in Victoria, London ‘It is organising the world’s data and it does need to take responsibility for that.’ It is illegal to sell medication in the UK without a licence, or to sell prescription drugs without a prescription. The UK regulator, the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), shut down 4,760 websites selling medicines without a licence last year but warned it was impossible to control the vast number of unlicensed pharmacies illegally selling drugs online. Journalists were able to buy the so-called abortion pill in less than three minutes from US and Canadian websites for around £100 a kit and with minimal questions asked about age or health issues. The drug is only available in the UK with medical approval. Google cannot remove websites from the internet Various hormone replacement drugs used as part of a sex change process were available for sale in less than five minutes from an unlicensed pharmacy site in the South Pacific. The controversial acne treatment Roaccutane was bought in five minutes and arrived in three days from a website in Turkey, with limited questions about age or health issues. Twenty users of the treatment killed themselves in two years between 2012 and 2014, although an MHRA review concluded there was ‘insufficient data’ to prove it caused psychiatric problems. Professor Helen Stokes-Lampard, chairman of the Royal College of GPs, said: ‘It’s highly concerning to see these prescription drugs – which can be highly dangerous if taken incorrectly or against medical advice – are so readily available online. ‘We would urge all patients to refrain from purchasing prescription drugs from unverified websites, and instead seek the help of a healthcare professional.’ Neal Patel, of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society, warned that tests on drugs sold from such sites had found they could be contaminated with other substances, including illegal drugs such as crystal meth. An MHRA spokesman said: ‘We would like to warn people that medicines purchased from websites, particularly websites based overseas, cannot be guaranteed to meet proper standards of quality and safety.’ A Google spokesman said: ‘We remove links from our results in a limited number of circumstances, such as when we are in receipt of a valid legal request.’   Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Pentagon release footage of MOAB being dropped in Afghanistan Bad parker gets blocked by two Jeeps to teach him a lesson Muslim woman refuses to remove hijab for airport security in Rome US Air Force releases footage of the first MOAB bomb test FIRST EVER trailer unveiled for Star Wars: The Last Jedi Mega blast after Russia tests non-atomic 'Father Of All Bombs' 2007 Rapturous reception for Kim Jong Un opening residental complex Shocking moment a horse attacks an alligator in Florida 'Mother of all bombs' tested by the US military in 2003 'You have to drag me': David Dao just before United incident North Koreans unfazed by Trump ahead of 'Day of the Sun' UPS worker gets family out of house and puts out fire Hilarious moment two Jeep drivers get their own back on... Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the... 'You are not safe for us': Muslim woman films Rome... Putin’s ‘Father Of All Bombs’ is FOUR TIMES more powerful... Easter carnage as drunken revellers take advantage of the... Christians in Philippines nail themselves to crosses and... Shocking moment the roof of the world-famous Bellagio... Britain's prettiest streets are revealed with The... His and Hers jets, paid for with YOUR tax dollars:... Angry father 'chops off a 15-year-old boy's PENIS and... Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of... EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about... Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of... 'Security is really tight on campus so no worries at... The U.S. Mother Of All Bombs that killed 36 ISIS... EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details... 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens... Aaron Hernandez weeps as he is found NOT GUILTY in double... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 7 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'My baby and me after nap time': Janet Jackson shares adorable first photo of three-month-old son Eissa A week after split 'I love you so much': Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana posts amorous note after recent birth of their son and failed marriage Oops she did it again! Britney Spears shows off toned torso in hot pink bikini as she hits beach on Hawaiian vacation Another day in paradise  She's picture perfect! Ryan Reynolds takes candid snaps of wife Blake Lively including VERY close up shot of her chest Played photographer 'Thank you Luna!' Kim Kardashian gushes over 'cutest' Easter baskets given to her children from Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Was so grateful  Wigging out! Ariel Winter rocks magenta hairpiece and flashes lacy lingerie at H&M's Coachella tent Wore a pink ombré, hip-length hairpiece  'You stupid b***h!' Sugar Bear gets heated as he threatens Mama June with legal action to enforce visitation with their daughter Honey Boo Boo 'My daughter can't stand to be around her f***ing father!': Mama June has a showdown with Sugar Bear and his new wife A very heated argument Bikini babe! Shay Mitchell poses topless on pink swan as she gets ready for Coachella fun Made the most of her resort's pool Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the nature of the love-hate relationship he had with tempestuous ex-wife Kim Basinger  'My super chic mom': Kelly Ripa shares adorable Easter throwback photo as she and mother coordinate in white and yellow Mother-daughter pic  'Sculpting': Katy Perry shows off ultra trim figure during gym workout session in Instagram clip Star  is making sure to keep in tip-top shape Karrueche Tran flaunts her bodacious behind in nude-colored thong bikini for fun-filled beach day in Miami It was all fun in the sun  Table for five! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take kids out for relaxed dinner in Malibu She carried her youngest child Reign against her hip Highlighter-haired Kylie Jenner flashes Spanx in $39 PrettyLittleThing mini-dress at Palm Springs bash  Looking sensational for the music festival  FIRST LOOK: Carrie Fisher as General Leia in The Last Jedi revealed... as Disney confirms she will NOT be in Episode IX despite brother's claims Her final movie  'It can be difficult meeting your heroes': Daisy Ridley offers plot clues for The Last Jedi after trailer debuts at Star Wars Celebration Trailer unveiled The Weeknd, Sean 'Diddy' Combs and French Montana among surprise performers set to hit the stage at Coachella Big announcement  Ab fab! Serena Williams displays her chiseled figure in barely-there neon yellow bikini 'Just because' Tennis star showed off her incredible physique 'Coachella vibin'': Ashley Graham lounges topless by the pool in Palm Springs Ashley seemed ready for a weekend of relaxation at the festival  Cheers to freedom! Teresa Giudice toasts the good life on bikini break in Puerto Rico while husband Joe takes his turn behind bars  'Coachella Butterfly!' Paris Hilton flashes cleavage in plunging rainbow striped maxi dress as she attends star-studded music festival EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about his 'drug-fueled bromance' with Jack Nicholson, cheating on his wife and being left paralyzed  Letting her hair down! Kylie Jenner parties in Coachella without ex Tyga...as they both travel separately to music festival just days after split Hoopin' it up! Jimmy Fallon plays basketball as he films Saturday Night Live skit in NYC ahead of hosting first live coast-to-coast show ever Turned Up! Christina Milian flaunts toned legs in Daisy Dukes at PrettyLittleThing x PAPER magazine gala in Palm Springs Looked ready to party  His Wonderwall! Proud dad David Beckham shares video of son Cruz playing guitar... before downing uni shots together He's so proud  'Happy Easter': Candice Swanepoel shares adorable snaps of six-month-old son wearing knit bunny hat Clearly hopping mad about being a new mom Judge bars Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak from selling 'potentially embarrassing images or videos' of Fuller House actress She's just a girl! Gwen Stefani keeps it low-key in track jacket and jeans on shopping trip with son Apollo Out and about with her son  Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes svelte torso in skimpy ensemble as she parties at Coachella  A flirty bohemian chic crop top PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini boss! Rihanna parades around in tiny two-piece and sips wine after treating her staff to lavish work retreat in Mexico Juggling act! Zoe Saldana carries new born son Zen before taking a call on LA outing with husband Marco Perego The Avatar star  Ben Affleck 'preparing to move out of family guest house' as divorce from Jennifer Garner proceeds Is finalizing the end of their relationship  'Holy Boobies': Coco Austin flaunts her ample assets in plunging tight maxi dress on Instagram The wife of Ice-T wowed as usual  'Coachella ella': Shanina Shaik dons skimpy attire and Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage as stars arrive for desert music festival Led the star arrivals EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight, and threatened with a butcher knife... Ashley Graham reveals her shocking life story 'It's gettin real!': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share a smooch while posing proudly with pink cake they made for daughter Luna's 1st birthday Retail therapy! Kate Upton shops in eye-catching leopard print leggings in LA... after claiming 'this week just kicked my a**' Much-needed shopping Frail Yoko Ono, 83, raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats with a young man in her first public outing in months Vanessa Hudgens kicks off Coachella weekend by going topless poolside in Palm Springs Actress showcased her fit 5ft1in bikini body  Protesters who chased Ryan Lochte on Dancing With The Stars 'agree to pay $20K to stay out of jail' In what's known as a civil compromise  'New York vibes': Blac Chyna sports a red velvet tracksuit as she jets into the Big Apple for nightclub appearance A break from mum duty Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Beyonce jets off to Bora Bora with Jay Z for 'low key' holiday at private island Anniversary and babymoon 'You are pure love and joy!' Shannen Doherty pays birthday tribute to Sarah Michelle Gellar with sweet snap She just celebrated an Aries birthday herself What Prince George will wear on his first day at his new $22,000-a-year school - and how Kate will drive him there and back to 'give him normality'  Ready for anything! Eva Longoria brings wine and a pillow along for romantic getaway with husband José Bastón Spotted carrying a bottle of wine and fuzzy pillow Très chic! Jennifer Aniston keeps casually cool in long-line camel coat and shades as she enjoys a shopping trip with Justin Theroux in Paris Paris Jackson enjoys family dinner with brother Blanket... after sharing her fears he had been left to live alone Siblings spent quality time together The wedding is in five weeks - so how rotten that Pippa Middleton's fiance has had to swallow a $463,000 pay cut as profits at his hedge fund firm slump  The angels have landed at Coachella! Alessandra Ambrosio, Jasmine Tookes and Romee Strijd live it up at the Victoria's Secret 'oasis' Makeup-free Amy Adams looks relaxed in casual chic as she enjoys day out with husband and daughter Slowing down to enjoy  time off with her family  All bundled up! Hilary Duff throws denim jacket over colorful hoodie out and about in New York City Didn't take any chances with the weather 'She would work her butt off': Cate Blanchett used Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer while she filmed new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok Plays new villain  Harry Styles' first solo single scores number one spot in the charts... but 'still only achieves half the opening week success of Zayn Malik's debut' 'Everything is going to be ok!': Sandra Bullock donates $5,000 to Beverly Hills Hotel's former pool manager after he falls on hard times 'Life is not a movie set!' Rob Lowe's sons Matthew and John Owen tell Ellen about life with their 'manchild' father Actor got an earful from his kids Cristiano Ronaldo says a German magazine's claims he paid $375,000 to a woman who accused him of rape is 'a piece of fiction' Der Spiegel made claim Cristiano Ronaldo 'uses padding to make his package look bigger', model Elisa De Panicis claims after the pair spent time together in Ibiza 'My boobs are gone': The Bachelor star Lesley Murphy, 29, recovers in hospital bed after double mastectomy Her mom had cancer  Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter sugar-rich Nutella PICTURED: Pearl Mackie's anticipated debut as Peter Capaldi's assistant... as the rising star says it is 'about time' Doctor Who featured a gay character Lucky brake! James Corden narrowly misses being hit by a truck after viewing a house under construction with his wife Julia in LA Close call  Working it! Nicole Murphy displays her flawless figure in a sports bra as she she exercises in the heat Added some pizzazz with an array of jewels 'Oh no!': Cara Delevingne debuts colourful pixie crop as she chops off her locks while filming new drama Life In A Year Joked 'Oh No1!' 'She's the best parts of the both of us': Chrissy Teigen shares beautiful family portrait with husband John Legend for daughter Luna's first birthday Mom-of-two Natalie Portman looks slim and trim as she enjoys a hike with a pal near LA... just two months after giving birth to daughter Amalia I will always spoof you! Samuel L Jackson and Ryan Reynolds recreate Whitney Houston's 1992 movie poster from The Bodyguard Perfect parody 'I'm always kind of curious': Robert Pattinson admits he is interested in reprising his role as Edward Cullen in a 'radical' Twilight spin-off Heavy metal! As Chanel Iman and Victoria Justice step out in chainmail fashions, FEMAIL reveals how YOU can incorporate the look into your wardrobe Jennifer Aniston's half-brother AJ pictured trudging around with new girlfriend after 'abandoning' his two kids... as Friends star lives high life in Paris  Style Swoon: From a Lucy Hale approved accessory line, to Fendi's new retro-inspired sunglasses, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving now 'We couldn't be happier!' Jeff Goldblum, 64, and wife Emilie Livingston, 34, proudly announce birth of baby boy Wed three years ago Super size Megan! Miss Fox takes over Manhattan and stretches across Central Park in larger than life new ad Eye-popping photos Rich kids of Coachella! Sofia Richie jets off in helicopter with gal pals as celebrities head to desert music festival in style Flying high above trafic Sealed with an 'H'! Meghan Markle steps out wearing ANOTHER piece of jewelry with Prince Harry's initial on after the royal flew out to Toronto to see her Cheers to us! Ted Danson, 69, and wife of 22 years Mary Steenburgen enjoy romantic beach vacation in Hawaii Took a dip in the ocean . What breakup? Olivia Munn has a giggle with Keegan-Michael Key on the Canadian set of her new flickThe Predator following split from Aaron Rodgers 'An incredible mother:' Heath Ledger's sister Kate praises Michelle Williams for raising daughter Matilda in a 'wonderful environment' Her glowing tribute Johnny Depp joins rally against Arkansas' rushed plans to put to death seven inmates by end of April - as drug supplier says its product is not for execution  'Like cuddling our princess again': Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford hug Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd Three months since Star Wars actress died 'No makeup no filters!' Busy Philipps and Michelle Williams show off their natural beauty in glowing selfie Cougar Town alum posted touching selfie People actually LIKED Pepsi's ad! Poll shows half of young Americans had more favorable view of brand after seeing controversial Kendall Jenner commercial 'Google knows all!' Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant unearths footage of himself as a soap star on As The World Turns in 2008 Previous life as actor Slender Mel C stuns in side-split midi dress as she takes to the stage for passionate final tour performance in Dublin Singer, 43, showed off fit and toned physique  Woman, 21, reports that she was raped while backstage at a Chris Brown concert in Nebraska on Monday sparking police investigation Now for a drink! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick visit Malibu's Soho House after a day with their three kids Spending time alone The Trump fairy! Donald Jr posts photo of the $10 daughter Kai got for losing a tooth Showed off the pearly tooth his nine-year-old daughter had lost Country singer Sam Hunt 'set to wed' fiance Hannah Lee Fowler in Georgia this weekend  Lavish bash for on/off pair of 10 years who got engaged in January Now you can glow like Chrissy Teigen! The model teamed up with Becca Cosmetics on a gorgeous palette you'll want to wear every day this summer Snooze Wars: Underwhelming trailer for 'Last Jedi' premieres offering fans little hint of what to expect and only a brief glimpse of Princess Leia  'When I look at her, I see a future that I never saw': Hoda Kotb breaks down in tears as she talks about adopted baby Haley Joy in sweet video Stylish pair! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are a team in jeans and bomber jacket Lovebirds sported coordinating looks Catherine Zeta-Jones nails boho chic with $3,800 Chanel graffiti bag as she arrives at NY's JFK airport with husband Michael Douglas No Doubt release new tracks as new band Dreamcar... without Gwen Stefani Trio ventured out on own without Blake Shelton's girlfriend Angelina Jolie 'splashes out $25 million' on a sprawling Hollywood estate with six bedrooms and ten bathrooms... as she moves on from Brad Pitt Is that you, Hugh? Madame Tussauds in China unveils waxwork of Wolverine actor Jackman with bizarre GINGER bouffant hairstyle Mama-ste! Lea Thompson and daughter Zoey Deutch hold hands on their way to yoga They have an unbreakable bond and share love of acting Jamiroquai keyboard player Toby Smith dies aged 46, following reports he was 'secretly battling cancer'  Band's lead singer Jay Kay, 47, paid tribute 'I don't have a thigh gap and I'm still beautiful': Demi Lovato shows off her legs as she shares body positive post Took to Instagram All star abs! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably flat stomach while rocking sporty sweatsuit as has another busy day in New York City 'Good vibes only!' Lucy Hale brightens up her morning in a tank top and leggings as she enjoys an iced coffee on the way to a gym in Los Angeles Boom Clap singer Busty Charli XCX showcases her enviable assets and washboard stomach in a skimpy black bikini and jeans in sizzling selfie Jenna Bush Hager celebrates daughter Mila's 4th birthday with co-hosts - and fellow moms - Savannah Guthrie and Dylan Dreyer, and their kids 'I see the kids doing these kind of pics so...': Kathy Griffin, 56, looks ageless as she poses TOPLESS in a bid to keep up with women half her age 'I miss his laughter': Priscilla Presley reflects on Elvis 40 years after his death... and says The King  would NEVER be on Facebook if he were still alive Former 'American Idol' finalist Brandon Cox gets 70 years in prison for child porn after photos of young boys and infants were found on his computer Belle of the ball: Megyn Kelly poses with NBC colleagues Savannah and Lester then gives Fox News pal Sean Hannity a giant hug at media event 'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   Boys growing up fast  Queen Elizabeth advertises for new butler but candidates for $23,000-a-year job are warned they must pass exam and 'the learning curve will be steep' You've been framed: Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa wears statement glasses and figure-hugging dress as she touches down at LA airport 'Sick' Kim Kardashian attends premiere of The Promise but 'doesn't stay for the movie about the Armenian genocide after being taken unwell' Missed the main event Been Up All Night? Sleepy Liam Payne leaves a London studio wearing a HUGE gold chain as he and girlfriend Cheryl adjust to new parenthood 'Glad to be alive': Singer Meghan Linsey who found fame on The Voice is recovering from poisonous spider bite which left 'a hole' in her face Cara Delevingne debuts subtle pink locks as she wraps up warm while resuming filming for romantic drama Life In A Year Model switching to acting 'It was chaos': Warren Beatty on THAT Oscars mix up, whether You're So Vain is really about him... and the claim he's slept with more than 13,000 women Babewatch! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample assets and toned stomach in a skimpy red bikini as she hits the beach in the Seychelles  New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' Couple kept romance out of spotlight Hot Legs! Rod Stewart, 71, looks on proudly as wife Penny Lancaster, 46, flaunts her toned legs in ripped shorts during a family day out in Beverly Hills 'He'd sleep either zero or two hours a night': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary delving into actor's life is set to premiere Boom Clap singer Charli XCX looks kooky in an oversized pajama-style two-piece and tinted specs as she attends 2017 SESAC Pop Awards in NYC Jay Pharoah claims SNL only wanted him to impersonate famous black people, but says he is not a 'yes ni**a' as he speaks out for first time since firing  'Kill em all (with love)': Anwar Hadid makes a peaceful tweak to his Metallica hoodie as he heads to dinner with family and girlfriend Nicola Peltz 'You wouldn't stop calling!' Matthew Rhys first tried to woo now girlfriend Keri Russell 16 years ago... but she thought he was a 'buffoon' First class disguise! Katy Perry hides her head behind enormous envelope... before delivering the goods by revealing her famous features 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond he has with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Still enjoy hanging out Come here often? Basic Instinct star Sharon Stone gets chatted up by male customer as she gets nails done Unwinding Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take turns to spend time with their children... as it emerges they have both asked for joint custody in divorce papers Not such a Good Friday: Zara Tindall falls off her horse after negotiating a tricky water jump and has to be checked over by medical staff at an event in Norfolk 'She reminds me of Tana': Gordon Ramsay has a floor-to-ceiling picture of CINDY CRAWFORD in his home because he's convinced wife is her doppelgänger EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's brother Cody claims Fast And The Furious 9 'will be filmed and set in Australia' Called the decision 'long overdue' Diane Kruger commands attention in bright red blazer and patchwork jeans as she makes glamorous laundry run in New York She's just like us! Sugar Bear rips off his shirt in anger as he's cussed out by Pumpkin behind the scenes of Mama June reunion episode Flashpoint moment Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her age defying figure in thigh-skimming minidress as she prepares for her first ever show in the Dominican Republic 'Tired of seeing this s**t': Fans accuse model Shanina Shaik of 'cultural appropriation' after she debuts braided hairstyle for Coachella festival Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  Derriere on display! Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination as she dons skimpy bikini on beach in Miami Oops! Lena Dunham almost flashes too much flesh as she suffers wardrobe malfunction while filming in Brooklyn Outfit rode too far up her thighs as she walked Blac Chyna flashes her abs in form-fitting crop top as she steps out with a mystery male friend... after reuniting with Rob Kardashian Reportedly back on 'You are so perfect': Shirtless Justin Bieber sends fans into meltdown as he displays his new chest tattoos in latest social media selfie Jessica Simpson puts on a very busty display in form-fitting white top for dinner date with hubby Eric Johnson Stayed with friends for three hours 'You made us proud': Caitlyn Jenner sends well-wishes to transgender Survivor contestant Zeke Smith after the reality star is outed Abs-olutely fabulous! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts her incredible toned body in a tiny black bikini Posted on Instagram 'Youth is wasted on the young!' Lily Collins flaunts her toned legs in skinny jeans as she steps out with bold message emblazoned on her jacket 'I just joined the club': Kandi Burruss reveals she's been undergoing plastic surgery during a sneak peek of upcoming four-part RHOA reunion Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cozy up at The Promise premiere Doppelgänger vibes Fergie reveals 'green goo' is the secret to her amazing M.I.L.F body at 42 'It's spinach, kale, celery, apple, banana, pear' says the star  Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to his romance with Taylor Swift She's Heard it's on-trend: Amber debuts bubblegum pink hair... as she's pictured for the first time since leaving awards bash early following an emergency Nothing's changed! Keith Urban's UNSEEN 1982 high school class photo sees the country singer sporting boyish looks and signature long locks LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary Pair looked happy  Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Has Prince Charles bought Cornwall's Brown Willy? Royal is tipped as new owner of the county's highest point after it sold for nearly $4m  'You can't put a gender on love': Kelly Osbourne discusses her sexuality saying she's 'open to loving anybody' Refuses to define her sexuality Leggy Natalie Portman hides her post-pregnancy figure in chic knitted coat as she enjoys romantic stroll with husband Benjamin Millepied Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'co-parenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling The reality star turns 38 next week  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying body in dazzling white bikini as she shares photos from her sun-drenched family vacation Plane stunning! Chrissy Teigen shows off her lean legs with heavily ripped jeans and stylish wrap knit as she touches down in Los Angeles LA judge slashes Gotham star Morena Baccarin's $20K monthly spousal support to $5K... amid career uncertainty She's taken a hit  Coming to America sequel makes headway as Paramount hires original writers to pen script Paramount Pictures has hired the original writers  Mel B steps out in sporty ensemble in LA amid bitter divorce battle with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte Turned into Sporty Spice Russell Crowe, 53, keeps it casual in a T-shirt and jeans as he watches his beloved South Sydney Rabbitohs rugby team lose to Canterbury Bulldogs  Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts She looked stunning  He's a cool dad! Bradley Cooper sports thick beard and blue shades in first public outing since becoming a father Happy times for actor  What a swell guy! Chris Hemsworth poses for selfies with fans after the Thor: Ragnarok actor enjoys a Good Friday surf in Byron Bay, Australia Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival Mansion famously featured in The Big Chill finally sells for $1.76million, four years after it hit the market for $4.5million South Carolina property Late Carrie Fisher fondly remembered in touching tribute clip at Star Wars Celebration convention in Orlando Memorial to the iconic star of the franchise  Who needs boys? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows Chris Clark what he's missing as she hits Miami in a plunging bikini amid claims reality star 'dumped her' Bagged too many rays? Kelly Bensimon looks VERY tanned as she flashes cleavage at Most Powerful People In Media event Ex-Real Housewife star  'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Out in Beverly Hills  Zayn Malik's ex Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a plunging white bikini top as she hits the pool in Miami with her bandmates on a rare day off Family first! Lisa Rinna and daughter Amelia Gray walk arm-in-arm as they enjoy precious bonding time together in Beverly Hills Quality time together Sharp dressed man! Matthew McConaughey and his 80s retro mustache get a visit from wife Camila on Ohio set of new movie Into character She's not shy! Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm reveals her slender physique as she strips down to underwear in racy Instagram snap     DON'T MISS Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has $560 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  The price of beauty Make-up free Paris Jackson dons her free spirit style in vintage tee and army green leggings as she steps out in LA Went make-up free  She's a California Gurl! Katy Perry buys Beverly Hills mega mansion with infinity pool for $19M The property has five bedrooms, five and a half bathrooms  'Everybody in comedy is heartbroken': Dave Chappelle and John Mayer share poignant tribute to the late Charlie Murphy Shared their love  Julianne Hough gets the full VIP treatment at a nail salon in Beverly Hills as she cuts a slim figure in dark skinny jeans Pamper session 'Both things made my butt look great!' Sofia Vergara shares throwback in thong bikini... as she reveals 'trans-fats' and 'sun' helped back then 'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record 'Oh my goodness!': Kylie Jenner gets help from Caitlyn as she revamps glam room in $2.7m Calabasas mansion Showed off on Snapchat  Melania and Barron join Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago for Easter: First Lady and son fly in on a separate plane as the president spends weekend in Florida Miami mami! Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her tiny waist and bodacious booty in a thong bikini as she makes a splash with Little Mix in Florida 'WHY ARE WE ALWAYS YELLING!?' Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson trade barbs in VERY profane teaser for The Hitman's Bodyguard Every curse word going! Ellie Goulding opts for understated style as she leaves New York City hotel with her new boyfriend, British Olympic rowing hunk Casper Jopling Strutting her stuff! VS Angel Taylor Hill shows off model figure in white tank top as she arrives at LAX ahead of Coachella music festival Joining the celebrities  Flawless! Charlize Theron stuns in thigh-skimming mini dress as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live At the show's Hollywood studios  'It was a difficult habit to break': Hayden Christensen returns to Star Wars Celebration for first time in 15 years... and reveals his biggest shame Her breast assets! Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS while riding a quad bike and dancing with a female pal He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula. Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla The 32-year-old actress looked stylish  Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Transgender star slams talk queen in tell-all book Paul Walker's brother Cody arrives at Sydney Airport for a long weekend tour supporting late actor's disaster relief charity Supportive movement Biker chic! Sofia Richie rocks a racing jacket and big shades as she jets into LAX  Sofia Richie rocked an edgy but casual look as she arrived back in LA  New hair do care! Malin Akerman reveals new dark hair colour on Rampage set with Jeffrey Dean Morgan Billions star has a dramatic new do Oops! Ireland Baldwin suffers wardrobe malfunction as she falls over to reveal thong during LA photo shoot Model was exposed when her skirt flew up  Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Showstopping Bounced back quick! Amanda Seyfried shows off slim frame just three weeks after giving birth to baby girl Proud to show off her slender frame  It begins! Kylie Jenner is among the first to arrive ahead of Coachella as she steps off her private jet in Palm Springs Eager to get partying 'I was a centimeter away from being completely paralyzed': Charlize Theron reveals near-horrific injury on the set of Aeon Flux  Very dangerous Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at the Festival Serie Mania in Paris Timeless beauty! Actress Rose Byrne dons a chic monochrome look at panel event for TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks 'My cutie!' Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with daughter North West Kim can't help but fawn over three-year-old  'Don't blame her!' Alec Baldwin defends Kendall Jenner over yanked Pepsi ad saying she's a 'very young inexperienced woman' Blame her manager A reason to smile! Eva Longoria looks radiant in comfy loungewear after visit to Anastasia Beverly Hills At 43, she looks just as she did in her twenties Sheer-ly amazing! Glamorous Julianne Moore wows in see-through lace as she attends a photo exhibit in New York 70 years of Cannes EXCLUSIVE: Malia Obama heads to work in a yellow tank top a day after Secret Service confronted man outside her office She kept her head down  Jennifer Hudson showcases her sartorial style in an elegant ensemble as she wows the crowd at filming for the Graham Norton Show in London Full of Glee! Lea Michele can't stop smiling as she wows in a fitted black dress on set of Extra to promote her album Detailed silver buttons  She's got her hands full! Zoe Saldana carries her son and a playmate during family outing with Marco Perego in Beverly Hills Having fun together  Working out girl! Melanie Griffith rocks straighter and blonder hair as she showcases long legs in yoga pants The 59-year-old actress was in a sporty vibe That's a bold look! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts incredibly tiny waist and lean legs in skimpy frock Flaunted her assets  Ruby Rose is a lucky lady! The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso flaunts her petite frame as she poses in high-cut black lingerie  Looking fantastic  Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte Coachella vibes! Model Shanina Shaik shares throwback snap of herself wearing cheeky denim cut-offs and shaggy jacket at iconic California music festival 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Revealed he feels lucky to still have his dad Don't Breathe director Fede Alvarez to helm revival of David Bowie cult fantasy classic Labyrinth The director said he adores the original  Seder on the slopes: Ivanka Trump celebrates Passover with trip to Four Seasons Whistler resort while Jared Kushner heads to work in D.C. Child at heart! Ed Norton keeps low profile in hat and shades as he rides scooter alongside son Atlas in NYC The 47-year-old actor rocked a baseball cap  Play ball: Donald Trump Jr. and wife Vanessa head outside with daughter Kai and son Donnie for a game of catch in NYC Near their $5M pad Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic off-the-shoulder top and glam metallic trousers for date night with husband Andrew Levitas A sprinkle of Homeland stardust: F Murray Abraham works wonders in The Mentor Oscar winner is best also starred in TV's Homeland She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  A riposte to Posh  Sleepwear is streetwear now! Gigi Hadid wears sexy striped pajamas as she struts around New York City She sure got noticed Sibling revelry: Miley Cyrus enjoys hike with sister Brandi as she works on her fitness before mystery project Has not released any music since 2013 She's still the one! Shania Twain joins season 12 of The Voice as a mentor to the finalists She has been added to the lineup  Lana Del Rey oozes old Hollywood glamour in purple feathered coat as she graces cover of Dazed magazine Singer is seen in dreamy photoshoot  Broadway belongs to Bette and her Dolly! BAZ BAMIGBOYE sees the indestructible star give a rousing performance  Star wows in Hello Dolly! 'It gives me the sh*ts': Hugo Weaving says Australians are 'pathetically immature' about embracing their own culture and art Respected actor  EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire NHL team owner Daryl Katz slams allegations he offered Jane the Virgin star $1.5 million for sex claiming her husband made it all up 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner 'I'm not going to put up with it': Khloe Kardashian and BFF Malika Haqq accuse each other of neglecting friendship for boyfriends Long-time pals face off  Elle Fanning sports retro shades and Nike sweater while filming scenes with Peter Dinklage for I Think We're Alone Now in New York Reese Witherspoon cuts a svelte figure as she starts her day off workout and a healthy green smoothie Wore Aztec-patterned blue leggings Ab-tastic! Lily Collins bares her extremely toned midriff in sports bra and mesh leggings as she leaves gym Leggings complimented her long legs Love-struck Harry flies to Toronto to spend Easter with Meghan Markle just weeks after she paid the Prince a visit in London  Long-distance romance Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in sexy bright pink bikini on holiday Kelly Clarkson beams with pride as she celebrates her son Remington's 1st birthday American Idol winner gushed with pride  Theme park therapy: Mariah Carey bonds with her twins at Disneyland after recent break-up from toyboy Bryan Tanaka  Superstar single again FEMAIL breaks down the maternity fashion formulas that pregnant celebs like Beyoncé, Amal Clooney and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley can't stop wearing 'I don't know what to do': Kim Kardashian bursts into tears when she receives call about Kanye West's breakdown in new KUWTK clip 'Her imperfections made her perfect': Billie Lourd pays tribute to mother Carrie Fisher at Star Wars event in first public appearance since icon's death She's sure got a lot of front! Emma Roberts wears very naughty boob T-shirt for sunshine stroll Scream Queens star knows how to turn heads Shoes, glorious shoes! Sarah Jessica Parker revisits her Sex And The City character while promoting her collaboration with Manolo Blahnik Hollywood legend Christopher Walken is frisked by security guard at Atlanta airport... after filming scenes for new movie The War with Grandpa Natural beauty! Karlie Kloss proves simple is stunning as she shows off svelte figure in tight white T-Shirt and jeans Timberland boots made 6ft 2ins star even taller On the market! Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa single again after split from hockey player Nate Thompson Short-lived romance with Anaheim Ducks star  Yes she can-can! Tyga's topless ex Demi Rose covers her ample bust with just feathered pasties as she poses for racy burlesque-themed shoot 'It was a good landing!': Harrison Ford jokes about his taxiway blunder as he makes surprise appearance at Star Wars Celebration Teased about his flying  Twinsies! Rose McGowan and boyfriend Boots hold hands as they wear matching black on date night Going strong for five months now Survivor contestant Jeff issues groveling apology for outing Zeke Smith as transgender after shock moment is branded 'worst thing done in 34 seasons' Just in time! Armie Hammer reveals he nearly missed the birth of his newborn son due to surgery due to a freak accident Speaking to Kimmel  Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in nothing but skimpy briefs 'She's got blood on her hands!' Kelly Rowland's Whoa, Baby! book signing interrupted by anti-fur protesters Destiny's child singer was at New Jersey store  From fizz to frizz! Kendall Jenner makes bold comeback with big hair and strong eyebrows on cover of Harper's Bazaar after Pepsi debacle 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles PICTURED: Moment Matt Damon's daughter Stella, six, was stung by a jellyfish in Australia on vacation with Chris Hemsworth's family... as paramedics arrive Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi put LA condo back on the market for cut price of $7million Talk queen and wife selling off property Jet setting couple! Casey Affleck sports Seventies style mustache while flying out of LAX with his actress girlfriend Floriana Lima Meet Amy Boo Boo! Goldie Hawn plays pageant mom while Schumer is a toddler in tiara for hilarious new shoot Pair in new flick together Butler Has Fallen! Gerard Butler looks almost unrecognizable as he takes a tumble while filming scenes for new movie Keepers in Scotland 'They said they didn't dress people my size': Khloe Kardashian reveals stylists REFUSED to work with her before she lost weight Kim Kardashian flouts FDA warning to promote 'dangerous' morning sickness pill AGAIN - years after being pregnant Slammed in 2015 Miley Cyrus' 'nude snaps leak online as she falls victim to the same hackers as Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried' Explicit images 'It's predictable and silly': Defiant Sienna Miller BLASTS Brad Pitt dating reports... amid claims the duo 'flirted all night' at cozy LA dinner date 'I get people mailing me their resumes': Better Call Saul's Giancarlo Esposito gets mistaken for real-life drug kingpin They think he's for real How to get a summer body in just SEVEN days: Bear Grylls reveals how to tone your entire physique in record time Fitness program PICTURED: Rachel Bilson and Hayden Christensen sell their breathtaking four bedroom home in secluded Sherman Oaks for $3.8 million Christina El Moussa 'threatening to sue' skincare company using her image to sell anti-aging cream without her permission Reality star not happy  Kate Hudson, Rosario Dawson and Dianna Agron join Miley Cyrus in growing list of stars targeted by hackers whose nude photos have been leaked online Was Gigi Hadid's controversial headscarf cover to blame for the editor of Vogue Arabia getting 'fired'? Princess Deena Aljuhani Abdulaziz is out of job 'I'd get eggs thrown at me for being black': Idris Elba reveals he felt the 'full whack of racism' as a schoolboy... as it's rumored he's set to be first black James Bond Dancing all the way to the bank! Emma Watson is set to become Hollywood's highest paid actress as Beauty and the Beast makes a whopping $1 BILLION Big little fans: Reese Witherspoon and son Deacon Phillippe cheer on the LA Clippers after Oprah reveals she was 'intimidated' by the actress  He's a super dad! Chris Hemsworth teaches daughter India, four, to surf during beach outing in Australia with Matt Damon's family Kendall Jenner will 'host Coachella dating party'... marking her first public appearance following 'embarrassing' Pepsi ad backlash International backlash 'In Louvre': Justin Theroux gushes about wife Jennifer Aniston as they cuddle up for sweet Instagram snap while continuing Parisian getaway 'I've learned a lot of lessons': Katy Perry sports platinum locks for the May cover of Vogue... as she says 'I wouldn't go back to my 20s' Victoria's Secret Angels Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes flaunt their rock hard abs and endless legs as they present What Is Sexy Awards Harry Styles unveils release date and tracklist of eagerly anticipated solo debut album with shirtless snap of him in pool of pink water Magic Johnson's daughter Elisa flaunts her sexy bikini bod in skimpy swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with her beau Anthony in Miami Beach Slam dunk! Venus Williams swaps tennis for basketball as she shoots hoops in plunging top and skinny jeans for commercial Ttraded in her racket  Matt Damon puts on rare PDA with wife Luciana Barroso as couple smooch on vacation with Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky That's cheeky! Elsa Pataky kicks husband Chris Hemsworth's behind in an attempt to get his attention as they vacation in Australia with Matt Damon From Vanessa Redgrave's take on refugee crisis to Tilda Swinton's animal exploitation drama: Is this the most politically charged Cannes ever? Booty-ful and promising! Kim Kardashian wows in skintight gold dress at The Promise premiere  Looked gorgeous at the star-studded screening Fallen Angel: Victoria's Secret model Chanel Iman looks sensational in a skimpy silver backless dress as debuts new rainbow 'do on night out  Jennifer Garner goes make-up free as she rocks a casual denim shirt and cute mini skirt while running errands The actress, 44, looked fresh-faced  'I have never felt this violated in my entire life': WWE Diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents groped her at Boston airport Took to Twitter  Three generations! Caitlyn Jenner enjoys family day out with son Brandon and granddaughter Eva Slipped into a stylish blouse for playtime  Princess Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer looks worse for wear as she flashes her stomach and sips cocktails with friends at a bar in London  EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she 'felt hidden' and craved 'more freedom' during failed marriage PICTURED: Inside Jared Leto lavish Hollywood Hills home as he re-lists the pad for $1.9 MILLION which boasts recording studio and giant pool Selena Gomez and The Weeknd go their separate ways after spending the night together at her Los Angeles home Romance going strong Real Housewives of Pennsylvania Avenue! Kim Richards reveals she once dated Donald Trump... but refuses to say if they slept together Doesn't kiss and tell  Lisa Rinna, 53, and her model daughter Delilah Belle, 18, look more like sisters in bikini snap The handsome family are enjoying a vacation in Mexico  'You're The Footy Show!' Vin Diesel LETS LOOSE with Beau Ryan as he promotes Fast and Furious franchise Is in Australia on promotional duty  Watch out there's a new Housewife in town! Socialite Tinsley Mortimer makes debut on RHONY as she returns to Big Apple after mug shot shame 'This has hit him hard': Mel B 'blocks' Stephen Belafonte from her $50 million fortune... after claiming he 'controlled' her finances during decade long marriage Queen Elizabeth hands out a traditional Maundy Thursday coin for each of her 91 years to seniors as she joins the Duke of Edinburgh for prayer service  Date night! Jennifer Aniston dons cleavage-baring maxi dress as she enjoys dinner in Paris with husband Justin Theroux Romantic evening  'I want people to know me a little bit more than as Chris' wife': Elsa Pataky talks about family life  in Australia and her plans to 'start working' Down Under Prince of Wales... and Transylvania? Charles could be given extra title (to add to the 16 he's already got) because of his promotion of the Romanian region  Selfie-obsessed! Nicki Minaj cannot get her face out of her phone in new video for Major Lazer's Run Up She won't stop sharing snaps for anything  EXCLUSIVE: 'She's got that southern charm': Dorinda Medley opens up about her relationship with new RHONY cast member Tinsley Mortimer  Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter Kiera looks casual but chic at star-studded Norman screening The sikent movie star's relative stole the show  Taking the plunge! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts cleavage in VERY low cut black pantsuit at premiere of The Promise Star turned heads  Sex Pistols' John Lydon looks worlds away from his hellraiser heyday as he shows off fuller frame in conservative outfit while out in affluent Malibu Serving style! Maria Sharapova looks sartorially savvy in chic blazer and flowing white blouse as she heads for dinner in Hollywood Honed her style game His leading lady! Jolly Christian Bale shows off elegant wife Sibi as they wear black to The Promise premiere He is the movie's leading man Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc keep it casual as they rock jeans while helping their kids Charlotte and Aidan into a car for a family dinner out Effortless beauty! Olivia Culpo is the classic girl-next-door while dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans for day out in LA Any outfit looks fantastic Morrissey cancels Texas concert due to 'health concerns'... days after vocal struggles force him to pull plug on Arizona gig mid-performance Lady Victoria Hervey turns heads in a risqué sequined catsuit at The Promise premiere amid Mel B drama Fears she was secretly taped in threesome Olivia Munn's ex Aaron Rodgers had been making 'drastic changes' including working out with Nick Jonas instead of team amid split 'He called me a b**ch!' Iggy Azalea on why she rammed paparazzo with a shopping trolley in expletive-laden rant ... as rapper reveals she has a safe room Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, flashes the flesh in ripped shorts and flame themed crop top during spring break in Miami Still enjoying her trip 'You just don't do that to someone': Jeff Probst kicks out Survivor contestant who outed Zeke Smith as transgender Dramatically evicted  Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in leggings for lunch with gal pal Rosanna Arquette Had a bite to eat with her partner in crime  Today's headlines Most Read Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically-chanting North Korean troops... Cops who Facebook live-streamed their day including bragging about 'shooting the sh** out of a dog,' dishing... Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and... 'He's not a jerk!': Fiancée of stock broker who 'stopped dating hot women because they are full of... Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the true nature of the love-hate relationship... Adding insult to injury: United did NOT take passenger's bags off his plane after he was dragged off - then... Delta approves offers of up to $10,000 to flyers who give up seats on overbooked flights after United... BREAKING NEWS: Panic at New York's Penn Station as cops taser a man causing a stampede of passengers who... Man sues gay dating app Grindr after more than a thousand men turn up looking for sex at his house and WORK... Arkansas judge blocks the 'conveyer belt of death' execution of seven death-row inmates in a month EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's... The off-cuty cop who tried to take down Pulse nightclub killer: Bodycam pictures reveal first desperate... Fears grow for Nordstrom employee, 28, after she failed to arrive at a doctors appointment and her car was... Retired NFL tight end accidentally runs over and kills his three-year-old daughter Federal government reports deficit of $526 BILLION despite record-breaking income and payroll tax collection Actress tells how she was sexually assaulted and pushed onto subway tracks in terrifying ordeal... Could this missile one day nuke the west coast of America? Kim Jong Un unveils huge new ICBM at 'Day of the... As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago... Special forces raid, missile strike, cyber warfare or MORE negotiations: Trump's choices for dealing with... He knows he can't win but it would be an unimaginable humiliation for him to back down: In a deadly game of... Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92... ‘We will pulverize the headquarters of evil and ruthlessly ravage US troops’: North Korea makes menacing... 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the... 'I've rarely felt more fearful for the future': PETER OBORNE, the first journalist to visit the Syrian... Inside the world's most secretive nation: Journalist goes undercover to capture a side of North Korea we... Utah judge PRAISES Mormon bishop and calls him an 'extraordinarily good man' as he sentences him for rape of... 'Sorry but I backed over Tobey. He's dead': The heartless letter UPS driver left behind after killing... ‘Mark is why I’m walking’: Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg says that CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife ‘saved her... What first impression does YOUR profile picture make? This AI system will help you find out MORE HEADLINES Hilarious moment two Jeep drivers get their own back on an ‘arrogant’ driver for parking across two spaces Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92 ISIS militants in Afghanistan... but terror group DENY any of their fighters died Christians in Philippines nail themselves to crosses and furiously whip themselves as act of penitence in Good Friday ritual EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about his 'drug-fueled bromance' with Jack Nicholson, how he cheated on his spouse with his best friend's wife and was paralyzed by a mysterious illness in new memoir His and Hers jets, paid for with YOUR tax dollars: Melania adds $100,000 to Trump's massive travel tab so she could fly separately to Mar-a-Lago with Barron, just minutes apart from the President EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's no-show as he stays home with his brother's widow who is now his lover  Putin’s ‘Father Of All Bombs’ is FOUR TIMES more powerful than Trump’s 'Mother Of All Bombs' that killed 36 ISIS militants in Afghanistan Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter sugar-rich Nutella Aaron Hernandez weeps as he is found NOT GUILTY in double murder over spilled drink in nightclub - but he's still in jail for life for previous murder Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically-chanting North Korean troops parade through Pyongyang for Kim Jong Un on Day of the Sun amid threats of nuclear war Serving Navy SEAL, 42, has been moonlighting as 'Jay Voom' - a porn star with 29 films to his name - after falling on hard times  The Furred Reich! Furry annual convention cancelled amid community's bitter divisions over rise of alleged neo-Nazi Mr 'Foxler' and the 'altfur' movement Frail Yoko Ono, 83, raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats with a young man in her first public outing in months 'Give me a fork and a knife!': Terrifying video of grandmother dressed as her alter-ego Nelda the witch emerges as she gets THREE life sentences for child abuse EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight by one boyfriend and threatened with a butcher knife by another, Ashley Graham reveals the demons that dogged her as she became the IT plus-sized supermodel in new memoir Shocking moment the roof of the world-famous Bellagio Hotel goes up in flames and closes down the Las Vegas strip Belle of the ball: Megyn Kelly poses with NBC colleagues Savannah and Lester then gives Fox News pal Sean Hannity a giant hug at media event as she says she is ready to return to work 'You are not safe for us': Muslim woman films Rome airport staff REFUSING to allow her on a flight to London while wearing a hijab and accuses them of discrimination after 'seeing nuns board in headscarves' 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the terrifying moment the US dropped the Mother Of All Bombs on ISIS terrorists  Incredible colorized photos of Abraham Lincoln's assassination conspirators revealed on the 152nd anniversary of fateful shooting BREAKING NEWS: Panic at New York's Penn Station as cops taser a man causing a stampede of passengers who feared he had a gun  The U.S. Mother Of All Bombs that killed 36 ISIS militants and took out IED belts, tunnels and caves in Afghanistan was simply ‘the best weapon to clear an obstacle’ in offensive against 20 terror groups, says Pentagon Angry father 'chops off a 15-year-old boy's PENIS and gouges out his eyes because he thought the teen was sleeping with his daughter'  Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and spinning table Girlfriend sues her doctor ex after he slipped Plan B 'Morning After' pill into her drinks without telling her so she wouldn't get pregnant  As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago without his chief of staff or some key advisors 'Do not jump because it WILL hurt': Golden Gate Bridge to get steel suicide prevention nets after more than 1,500 deaths MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
NEWS SPORTS OBITS Menu LOGIN SUBSCRIBE LATEST HEADLINES Latest News Meriden developer envisions downtown brew pub or restaurant Crash delays traffic on I-91 in Meriden Cardinal Engineering a staple in downtown Meriden Legislature debates bottle redemption law as Malloy looks to double deposit fee Making an Easter treat with Peeps and jello Lembo calls for more oversight of state business incentive programs Southington resident among 36 educators worldwide recognized by Google as an innovator Annual QRWA cleanup set for Saturday in Meriden, Southington, Wallingford and North Haven Aaron Hernandez acquitted in 2012 double-homicide TOWNS MERIDEN NORTH HAVEN WALLINGFORD PLAINVILLE SOUTHINGTON BERLIN CHESHIRE DURHAM & MIDDLEFIELD STATE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS QUICK LINKS CLASSIFIEDS FRONT PORCH NEWS VIDEO & PODCASTS PHOTOS SPOTTED PHOTO GALLERIES PURCHASE PHOTOS FROM THE PAPER OBITUARIES OPINION EDITORIALS LETTERS TO THE EDITOR STAFF COLUMNS GUEST COLUMNS LIFESTYLE CELEBRATIONS FEATURES POLICE & COURTS ANNOUNCEMENTS SERVICES SUBSCRIBER SERVICES CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE ARCHIVES E-PAPERS RECORD-JOURNAL SOUTHINGTON CITIZEN CHESHIRE CITIZEN BERLIN CITIZEN NORTH HAVEN CITIZEN PLAINVILLE CITIZEN TOWN TIMES NEWS LATEST NEWS MERIDEN WALLINGFORD SOUTHINGTON CHESHIRE BERLIN NORTH HAVEN DURHAM & MIDDLEFIELD PLAINVILLE STATE NATIONAL SPORTS LATEST SPORTS MERIDEN SPORTS WALLINGFORD SPORTS SOUTHINGTON SPORTS CHESHIRE SPORTS BERLIN SPORTS NORTH HAVEN SPORTS DURHAM & MIDDLEFIELD SPORTS PLAINVILLE SPORTS NATIONAL SPORTS ATHLETES OF THE WEEK OBITS OPINION EDITORIALS LETTERS TO THE EDITOR STAFF COLUMNS GUEST COLUMNS PHOTOS SPOTTED PHOTO GALLERIES PURCHASE PHOTOS FROM THE PAPER EPAPER RECORD-JOURNAL SOUTHINGTON CITIZEN CHESHIRE CITIZEN BERLIN CITIZEN NORTH HAVEN CITIZEN PLAINVILLE CITIZEN TOWN TIMES CLASSIFIED AUTOMOTIVE PUBLIC NOTICES JOBS CT JOB SEARCH REAL ESTATE SERVICES PLACE AN AD MORE LOGIN | SUBSCRIBE MORE NEWS LIFESTYLE FEATURES FRONT PORCH NEWS BUSINESS POLICE & COURT QUICK LINKS ANNOUNCEMENTS CLASSIFIEDS THROWBACK THURSDAY VIDEO & PODCASTS CELEBRATIONS SERVICES SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBER SERVICES ARCHIVES CONTACT US SEARCH Close × LOGIN Southington resident among 36 educators worldwide recognized by Google as an innovator Southington resident among 36 educators worldwide recognized by Google as an innovator John “Jay” Salerno | Courtesy of Newington Public Schools April 14, 2017 10:53PM By Jesse Buchanan Record-Journal staff SOUTHINGTON — A local resident is among three dozen educators worldwide chosen for recognition by Google along with a week of training at the company’s newest location in downtown London. John “Jay” Salerno is the director of education technology for Newington public schools. Last month, Google notified him that he was chosen for its certified innovator program, a year-long professional development experience. Participants from 11 countries will work together on projects relating to technology and education. Salerno has already contacted some of those colleagues through video chats and will meet them all when he travels to London on Monday for the Google Innovation Academy, which wraps up April 21. From this section: Meriden developer envisions downtown brew pub or restaurant “It’s awesome because you’re with 35 other people who are passionate about technology,” he said. “I’m truly honored to be chosen and more importantly I’m excited. I’ve never been to London.” Salerno, a Southington resident and native, worked as a computer teacher for 18 years before becoming director of eduction technology, a position he has served in for two and a half years. “It’s an exceptional honor,” said Nancy Petronio, chairwoman of the Newington Board of Education She credited him with spearheading the district’s initiative to supply a Chromebook laptop for all students from third to 12th grade. “We’ve been thought of as an innovative district,” Petronio said. The district bought about 3,000 Chromebooks and 1,000 iPads. Newington is considered a reference district by Google and uses their suite of products in classrooms. Salerno said much of his job is showing teachers what they can do with the various technologies to integrate all types of learning. “It’s been a game-changer in our classroom,” he said. “The learning is constant.” Salerno also helped start the district’s “techsperts” — students who will help other students and even teachers with technology questions or difficulties. As part of the year-long Google experience, Salerno will work with other educators and a mentor on how to bring that program to the broader community. “The idea is to branch these groups out even farther,” Salerno said. “I’d like to bring this to neighboring towns, maybe Southington even.” jbuchanan@recordjournal.com 203-317-2230 Twitter: @JBuchananRJ View Comments Latest Videos Trending Stories Meriden-Waterbury Turnpike reopens after Southington crash Southington woman seriously injured in Meriden-Waterbury Turnpike crash Wallingford PZC approves revised expansion of Gouveia Vineyards Wallingford police remind pedestrians not to access trail through Yalesville on Green Latest News Meriden developer envisions downtown brew pub or restaurant Crash delays traffic on I-91 in Meriden Cardinal Engineering a staple in downtown Meriden Legislature debates bottle redemption law as Malloy looks to double deposit fee Making an Easter treat with Peeps and jello Lembo calls for more oversight of state business incentive programs Southington resident among 36 educators worldwide recognized by Google as an innovator Annual QRWA cleanup set for Saturday in Meriden, Southington, Wallingford and North Haven Aaron Hernandez acquitted in 2012 double-homicide Home Sports Obituaries Contact Us Sign Up for our Newsletters Work With Us Copyright 2016 500 South Broad St, 2nd Floor, Meriden, CT 06450 +1-203-235-1661 circulation@record-journal.com advertising@record-journal.com newsroom@record-journal.com The RJ Media Group Our mission: To be the primary catalyst that motivates people to contribute to the intellectual, civic and economic vitality of our communities. Copyright 2016 X
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News RemoveSlander.com CEO Says Trump Signing Of S.J.Res.34 Will Ignite More Mugshot Websites The CEO of RemoveSlander.com says the Trump Administration has just made it a lot easier for annoying mugshot websites to gain access to booking photos, and arrests information. CEO Tyronne Jacques said over the past 36 months his firm started to see a decline in the number of third party mugshot websites, however in recent weeks since President Trump signed S.J.Res.34, there has been a spike in the number of new sites appearing in Google, sites with no removal option. How  S.J.Res. 34 Leaves You Exposed? On March 28, 2017, President Donald Trump signed into law S.J.Res. 34, which nullifies the Federal Communications Commission’s final rule titled Protecting the Privacy of Customers of Broadband and Other Telecommunication Services. Previously under the Obama Administration, several protections were put in place to limit internet service providers like Google, Facebook, and Yahoo from selling information like browser history, and search results but the Trump Administration has just removed all of those protections with one swoop of his presidential pen. In a recent interview with the CEO of RemoveSlander.com, he says all of the progress that was achieved in the banishing of 3rd party websites that monetize public records have been tossed out of the window, leaving arrested individuals exposed with zero right to privacy. Arrest information has just doubled in value for data mining servicing seeking to sell public records to lead generating services similar to those patronized by Attorneys. “The signing of S.J.Res.34 symbolizes the return of the Wild Wild West in terms of Internet Privacy, and the right to be forgotten. President Trump has just legalized the Big Brother scenario thus empowering service providers to profit from everything published about you online, including your mugshot photo.” Tyronne Jacques went on to say that there is no such thing anymore as privacy especially when it comes to public records, therefore if you have concerns about photos and links appearing online, then the time is now to delete as much of your search history as possible. “My firm was the first to offer search history removal long before the emergence of mugshot websites, as a matter of fact in 2010 there was only one site in Florida that published booking photos. Fast forward to 2017; there are now dozens of websites profiting from the republishing of public records. This new bill signed into law has just rendered all State Legislation attempting to reform the abuse of Transparency Laws irrelevant.” The CEO of RemoveSlander.com suggested three steps you can take today that would help in guarding your sensitive information against Internet service providers. 1. Create profiles with pseudonyms to protect your birth name from information contained in your search history. This new bill gives internet service providers the right to sell the content in your emails without your permission, therefore creating a pseudonym will add the first layer of privacy. 2. Be mindful not to visit sites that could eventually prove embarrassing if there is ever a hack, like the one witnessed at Yahoo in 2016, and Dolly Madison in 2015. The internet has changed which means that your search behavior also has to change if you’re logged into Google or Yahoo using your birth name. 3. Finally, attack humiliating links on the first page of your Google search results with a relentless vengeance. Many people have the misconception that negative items will naturally expire or fade away over time, this is far from reality. The truth about malicious websites like WhoPostedBail.org and Florida.Arrests.org is those links will remain at the top of your search results until steps are taken to have them deleted. CEO Tyronne Jacques went on to say that your arrest information is very valuable to companies who profit off ad revenue. With the passage of S.J.Res.34 there is now zero incentive for mugshot websites to remove content published about your arrests because, that booking information could prove more valuable to a DUI Attorney in need of leads. A fourth and final tip the CEO of RemoveSlander.com shared with us is you have the right to protect yourself from the internet. That right includes hiring a firm like RemoveSlander.com to target and remove any link that is a violation of your privacy. The CEO of RemoveSlander.com suggest that a great starting point to gather as much information about published mugshots is to search Google and add the word ‘Mugshot’ to the end of your name. In doing so, he says that Google or Yahoo will return results that best match – and give you the opportunity to target for removal all of the mugshot links at once.   About Internet Publicist RemoveSlander.com   According to a New York Times article mugshot removal services like RemoveSlander.com has had experience removing mugshot photos from the internet, but even they admit that the process often feels like playing whack-a-mole. “People eager to vanish from mug-shot sites can try a mug-shot removal service, a mini-industry that has sprung up in the last two years. Motto: (“Bailout of the Internet for good!”). CEO & Publicist Tyronne Jacques is the author of Reputation Management book How to Fight Google and Win which result in a Google Algorithm adjustment in 2011. Founded in 2009 as a Cyber Bully protection firm, RemoveSlander.com has assisted thousands of clients in protecting their search history from Internet Service Providers and Third Party Data Mining Websites. In 2012 RemoveSlander.com provided expert analysts for ABC World News in their coverage of the Rising Mugshot Industry. Based out of New Orleans Louisiana and still privately own, RemoveSlander.com has perfected the art of removing embarrassing links and photos from the internet as well as the promotion of positive publicity for their clients.  “Always keep in mind that your name is your brand, and just like large corporations protect their brand with PR Firms, you too have that same right to hire an Internet Publicist like RemoveSlander.com.” He concluded. If you are someone you know is concerned about internet service providers selling personal information and would like to protect your online privacy – simply visit RemoveSlander.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dream Big! Boston Marathon Team Members Raise Over $220,000 to Help Provide Girls From Low-Income Situations With the Items and Fees Needed for Them to Participate in Sports and Physical Activities Next PostNext THE IDLE MAN – SS17 COLLECTION Search Recent Posts Perma-Pipe International Holdings Announces Fourth Quarter and Full Year Financial Results Spring Venture Group CMO Alex Allen Wins Ingram’s 40 Under Forty Award Minister Wharton: UK will stand by people of Ethiopia affected by severe drought MyPractice9 Opens Job Board To Oral Surgeons and Periodontists In Riverside County. Gauze Bandage with Woven-edges Market Analysis, Trend and Growth, Global Analysis & Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 108 Plus 1 on G+ 218 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares391 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.647s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Droid Life Menu Skip to content Home Topics Accessories Apps Beginners’ Guide Contests Deals News Polls Reviews Root Videos Podcast Deals Contact Search Post navigation Previous StoryThe Droid Life Show: Episode 139 – Next Week, Folks Next StoryWeekly Recap: Wait for the Galaxy S8 Soon Draws to a Close by Kellex on Apr 14, 2017 @droid_life Deals News Home Share this Story DEAL: Buy Google Home From Newegg, Get a Free TP-LINK Smart Plug ($30 Value) I figured Easter weekend would bring better deals, but so far the line-up is looking pretty weak. Still, this deal on a Google Home that includes a free TP-LINK HS100 smart plug outlet is solid. Basically, you pay $129 for the Google Home and get the smart plug for free ($30 value0).  You guys know how Google Home works (our review), but with a smart plug like this TP-LINK HS100 unit that has WiFi, you can control items plugged into an outlet by voice (or app). If you have yet to get into home automation or smart stuff, this is a good way to start. Home is fun by itself, but it becomes much more powerful when you can tell it to take over your house. This particular TP-LINK HS100 plug has auto-off timers too, plus you can set schedules for it to work (ex: you are out of town and want to appear as if you are home). Pretty cool little plug. Newegg Link Post navigation Previous StoryThe Droid Life Show: Episode 139 – Next Week, Folks Next StoryWeekly Recap: Wait for the Galaxy S8 Soon Draws to a Close About Droid Life We consider ourselves to have the greatest Android community in the world, here at Droid Life. We talk general news, feature apps, review phones, and even teach you how to hack a little. But most importantly, there is no place on the internet that has the reader participation that we do and consider ourselves to be completely community driven. If you were looking for the best place to learn about Android and talk with like-minded folks about all things tech, then Droid Life is for you. Follow Us Facebook Google+ YouTube Twitter Subscribe © DRD Life Inc. About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Handcrafted by Coulee Creative.
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Apps & Software Image Source: Eric Risberg/AP/REX/Shutterstock The new Android update is breaking fingerprint sensors Chris Mills @chrisfmills April 14th, 2017 at 5:32 PM Share Tweet We normally make fun of Android updates because they don’t actually happen — it takes months for changes to roll from Google to consumers, which makes keeping up with security bugs and new features painfully difficult. But today, Android updates are sucking for a completely different reason. Don't Miss: Court forces PornHub to reveal names and viewing histories of some users Users on Google’s product forums are complaining that the latest version of Android Nougat, v7.1.2, is bricking the fingerprint sensors on their phones. Affected devices reportedly include the Google-made Pixel and Pixel XL, as well as the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P. Those are all devices either made by Google, or by a third-party manufacturer in cooperation with Google. They also all run stock Android, which is why they’re able to be updated before any other device. According to users, the fingerprint sensor itself doesn’t work, but it’s clearly not a hardware problem: the sensor only stops working after the update, and the gesture control functions of the sensor (which let you swipe over the fingerprint reader to trigger an action) are still working fine. Even deleting fingerprints and trying to add new ones doesn’t work, which rules out some kind of issue with the stock launcher software. There’s no known fix or public comment from Google at this time, so if you’re on one of these devices and thinking about updating, it’s probably a good idea to hold off. It’s also a handy reminder to keep a good backup of your device up-to-date, especially if you’re the kind of person who installs the latest updates the second they become available. Tags: Android, google, pixel, Pixel XL View Comments Trending 1 Tech The Nokia 9 may look even better than the Galaxy S8 2 Tech The OnePlus 5 looks like the real deal 3 Deals 5 accessories every Google Pixel or Pixel XL owner needs 4 Deals Amazon’s 15 best daily deals: NES Classic, Nest Thermostat, truly wireless earbuds, much more 5 Deals This is the adapter Apple should have included with every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Picked For You This is the adapter Apple should have included with every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus By Maren Estrada April 14th at 1:55 PM 5 accessories every Google Pixel or Pixel XL owner needs By Maren Estrada April 14th at 4:52 PM The new MacBook Pro has a shiny new problem By Chris Smith April 13th at 6:49 PM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
null
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 13 Share on Facebook 39 Share on Twitter Total Shares104 Applications Google News Google Now on Tap was introduced alongside Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which used context on your screen to help you find information. Google Assistant replaced Now on Tap (for compatible devices), and carried over most of its functionality. Now Assistant is making it slightly more obvious that it can search your screen and take screenshots.    Left: Old design; Center, Right: New design Before, screen search results would appear below the main Assistant prompt after a few seconds, and the screenshot button was found below the screen search results. Buttons for screen search and taking a screenshot are now immediately visible when Assistant is opened. This is a minor improvement, but definitely a welcome one. The change appears to be part of a server-side update, so if you don't have it, you will soon. Thanks: Łukasz Tags assistant Google google now on tap now on tap Screen Search screenshot ui subscribe ... Previous Story Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger ... Next Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 Finally. The old swipe up barely even worked most of the time. I've been waiting for them to do something like this. Paul Smith Don't even have assistant yet... Nexus 5x 7.12 samiazza Same here, is there any way to get it without root? Suresh Aryal Change the phone language to US English, delete Google app data and you should be running Assistant after few setup screens or just wait for few hours. samiazza Thank you, it worked:-) belac77 that's so weird. I've had Assistant on my Moto G Play running Marshmallow from the second or third day the rollout began! Zahir_SMASH be glad you don't. Alex Dueppen Is it just me or did Assistant get rid of the OCR thing where you could select text on your screen? Bombaglad this was never a part of assistant, only now on tap Nicholas Matranga Nope, they removed it for some reason. That was one of the main things I used now on tap for. Corbin Davenport That feature was never ported to Assistant. Mohammad Fazal Love this Now on tap feature. And now its gone :/ Evgany Used it all the time. Bring it back. Ruel Johnson It's still there you highlight the text then once you open assistant you tap "What's on my screen" Rami Hmm, never knew that worked. Still doesn't help if the text is in an image or it is non selectable text. Steve Riendeau Awesome, thank you! XgudwilX Not the same. You could copy text from within any app, screen, photo, whatever. Even a photo you took of a food label, street sign, or hand written note. Many languages and fonts too. You'd just hit the little copy (👆🏿)icon and go to town. It was amazing. The Now On Tap reverse image search, from within the camera app was awesome too. Much faster than what the Assistant tries to do. It's usually hit or miss. Oh well, maybe this new change is Google making room to bring back the text select (👆🏿) icon! MayorMcCheese Main reason I removed Assistant David Hyman While not ideal and not always a option, you can select text and then trigger the assistant and it'll use that for search context. And there are other apps CTRL-F (I think) that does basically the same thing. So you can share the screenshot with CTRL-F and then copy the text form there kalehv Also I remember Google Now on Tap did screen search when Camera was open. Was helpful to read barcodes but now that's gone. I don't want to install another app just to read barcodes, or QR codes whatever. mjmdroid Got it and already used it more than 4 times today Nicholas Smith Is there any way to use google assistant to schedule calendar events from your text messages? That was a huge feature of on-tap and I don't get why it went away. SocialSupaCrew Yes it's still present with assistant :) Miles Reiter What kind of context were you using that feature in with Assistant? I was trying to get that to work the other day with a clearly spelled out date and time from an email, and it wasn't finding a thing on my screen. motoridersd Awesome! I hated scrolling down to get to the button, so I wasn't using this feature much. This is much better. Eddy Nelson Lopez They need to bring text selection back! Deeco I got a Screenshot of not having Google Assistant, shall I share? FU Google demarcmj no thank you abqnm Maybe someday they'll add a button to open the damn Google app from the assistant pop-up. If I can't talk to my phone, I want to still be able to search without having to go back to the homescreen and then into the Google app. Miles Reiter I'm thinking about writing some kind of case study around the rollout of Assistant and the pro's/con's compared to Now on Tap. What you mentioned is definitely a pain point in my own usage. I'm curious whether there's anything else (good or bad) that stands out to you about Assistant. Luke Taylor As a language learner, one of the big setbacks about GA is that I no longer have the ability to translate my screen or select specific text on my screen if the screen search doesn't pull up any results. I used those on a daily basis! Grey It's easy. You hit the Google icon next to the search, nothing happens, you fumble around, you tap the search box, you swipe up and down, you get very frustrated, and eventually it randomly closes on you when you try pressing the phone back button, so you press the "recent apps" button but it doesn't exist and you get even more frustrated so you tap the Home Screen Search Box and tap the Google icon and Google Now might load. See? Easy. LOL There are still things that Google Now does better then Assistant.....Very annoying Cory S Eh, I think Now did just about everything better than Assistant. aRvInD I want my Google Now onTap back? Is there any mod to get it? Zahir_SMASH Change your phone's language to US Virgin Islands English. You get Now On Tap back, and Google's voice responses get an Australian accent, which I think you can fix, but I find charming in its own way. titetanium Go to apkmirror and download Google App version 6.11.21 or earlier. You'll probably lose any recent data saved in the current version, but Now on Tap will be back. Don't upgrade the app afterwards. Profit. Zahir_SMASH That's a lot more trouble than just changing your language to another English option titetanium Perhaps, but you won't have to worry about getting Assistant going forward as long as you stay on the old version. How long before El Goog updates the other English language options to have Assistant? Miles Reiter What are some of those things that Now did better for you? To be clear I definitely agree, just looking for some things I might not have thought of for writing a case study on the subject! LOL To be honest I don't really use them often. But I really like how Google Now gives you this nice weather card with ton of info, there is no such a thing in Assistant. Also Google Now is able tell which song is playing, again it's missing from Assistant brownjames Text search from any screen. Selection of non selectable onscreen text. Language translation of non selectable text onscreen. Those are my favorite 3 features of Now on Tap that are not in Assistant. Luke Taylor Exactly the same as you. Text translation and selection was used daily by me. Hugely bummed that Assistant can't do it. Michel Sa I could do image searrch (searching by image) using Now on tap, Assistant can't Mohit Saini Will Moto X2 get google assistant? Or it's only available to 64bit devices like s7,nexus 6p...... Zahir_SMASH Pretty sure it is supposed to be rolling out to any device with Marshmallow and up. Corbin Davenport It's for any phone (not tablet) running 6.0 and up, and I think there's a minimum RAM requirement too. Zahir_SMASH Good to know, thanks blindexecutioner Still isn't as good as now on tap. Before when I'd use that on my home screen it would bring up a bunch of options like navigate to work or home. Now it just says there isn't anything. Margaritas Ante Porcos Bixby button is a good place for Google Assistant. diskostu I hate the Assistant, but I love Now On Tap. Is there any way to get Now On Tap back? ro.opa.eligible_device=false does not work anymore. Major Sceptic I liked on tap too , the assistant may be ok in some ways , but I find myself using the AI features less now than when I had on tap . Sometimes I wonder if having all the Wizz bang software that tries to make life easier by bombarding us with constantly​ with organisational​ suggestions that it may in fact be more like a nagging mother in-law . Or I'm just getting old and grumpy in my old age 😎 ? _jack_ You're not. Guilherme Pata Typing to the assistant as you do in Allo would be a real feature. This button doesn't do much when all you had to do before was swipe up... itsatrap It's not as good as Now on tap. demarcmj Didn't this happen like a month ago? https://www.google.com/search?q=google+assistant+%22What%27s+on+my+screen%22&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8 All the results are from around 3/15 (ish) Corbin Davenport It's been rolling out slowly. demarcmj Interesting. I figured the roll-out was about done since I have it and I never get anything early. Still, staged roll-out or not, I was surprised to see that you guys hadn't covered this already. Cakefish Still no assistant available in the UK on a non-Pixel device... hurry up Google. And bring YouTube Red over here while you're at it. Why is Google so lethargic with updates? freshprince_87 Never cared for the now on tap screenshot option. kalehv I also wish that Assistant could be dismissed by just swiping down. It shows up from bottom halfway to the top and it stretches to top when you pull it up only makes me think it could be pulled down to dismiss but .... Dan it does that if it's still on the bottom half of the screen. just tried it. kalehv Yeah but you pull it up to go all the way to top makes me think you can pull it down as well which doesn't work. Ishti Screen translation and text recognition scanning missing. Portzblitz Smart. Before, when you'd summon Assistant, whether you needed more info or not, Google would be processing at the bottom anyway even though few people ever actually swipe up for it; now, the button can be instantly available, but the processing will only happen for people who press it. Separates the task load. Michel Sa Where is the image search from Now on tap! Assistant is a step back. DC_Guy It's MUCH more useful this way. I take a lot of screenshots and i hated always having to scroll down to get to the share button. Sang Ngaihte No Assistant till now in India. Only Now on tap. Sibin C Baby I need the old text selection back....That's the only reason I'm still continuing in Google now Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 320 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 105 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Some Pixel and Nexus fingerprint sensors not working after Android 7.1.2 update Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 12:17pm PDTApr 14, 2017 51 Plus 1 on G+ 50 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares166 Bug Watch Device Updates News Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Pixel Pixel XL A number of Google Pixel and Nexus users are reporting that their fingerprint sensor is no longer working after the latest Android OS update. Several members of the Pixel and Nexus communities on Google's product forums have encountered the issue since installing the Android Nougat 7.1.2 OTA. The issue appears to be affecting both the Pixel and Pixel XL, as well as the LG-made Nexus 5X and Huawei Nexus 6P. Reports suggest that while the Pixel and Nexus Imprint sensors are no longer granting access to the devices, the swipe down for notifications Moves gesture is still functional. Attempts to solve the problem by deleting pre-existing fingerprints and starting from scratch haven't worked, as error messages are preventing new prints from being added to the devices. As usual, we'll update if we hear any official word from Google about the issue, hopefully regarding a fix. Source: Pixel User Community forum, Nexus Help Forum Tags 5x 6P bug bug watch fingerprint Imprint nexus pixel pixel xl subscribe ... Previous Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. ... Next Story Google officially moves the AOSP issue tracker away from Google Code Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Andrew Palmer No issues here. 6P. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article Removed VAVAMk_2 Same thereasoner Same here with my Pixel. Suicide_Note No issues on my XL or 6P. Good_Ole_Pinocchio 6p has never given me those issues either... But it is slower than most newer scanners. Nick Which is to be expected. It's still fine. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article defeated. If you do get it expect to lose all unsaved data. Then if want refund you will need to go to court. Sean Please GO AWAY....you have said this TWICE.......Its NOT the Nexus 5 and 6 Mr Brainiac....its the 5X and 6P......which are TOTALLY different than the Nexus 5 and Nexus 6. Max Same here with my XL. elav Me too. No issues on my XL.. Nicholas Matranga My Nexus 5x works just fine after the update. kalehv Sometimes my Pixel XL asks for pattern even after it recognizes my fingerprint (no, I am not talking about the first time after reboot). Rebooting the device works but why does this happen? Nathan Bryant I've also experienced this. It's random. Not so often it's a bother for me. kalehv Yup not so often with me either but being a mobile developer what bothers me is this happening, not the inconvenience it causes. Nathan Bryant That totally makes sense. I assume it's some kind of error even though it's not stating that it is. I don't see the pattern or constant of what causes it when it happens. mattcoz It does that after more than 48 hours have passed since you've last used your pattern. kalehv Nop its not that either. It does that after 4 hours I think. And it should do that only once after 4 hours but not keep doing that until you reboot. mattcoz It's definitely 48 hours, that comes straight from Google. But if it continues to do so, then that's something else. Mgamerz I've had it happen on my Nexus, it just occasionally requires a PIN. Says it's 4 hours of non usage but that doesn't seem true, sometimes I wake up and no pin and sometimes I'll be on and off the phone and it'll require a pin. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Typical. Google needs to fire some of their geniuses and hire some diligent coders, and also diligent testers for their QA department (assuming they even have one -- I sincerely doubt it). Middlefinger Oh really. Nexus/Pixel/Google error 4.453.563 this year alone. Im shocked (not really). Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Best hot steaming pile of dog s**t 2016. SpeakethTheTruth I think you might be on to something with that last paragraph. Cause for real, quality control is out of control right now. sebastianer If fixed my 6P bad battery life and early shutdown only replacing the stock Huawei battery with other battery with different brand (no need to wipe the phone in the process...) Several people did the same and is enjoying the battery life they were having when they bought the phone more than a year ago: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=3534410 You could even try a Huawei battery replacement...but they say they aren't original. I just went for another brand because of the bad experience I had with the stock battery durability I don't know in the Pixel. But in the 6P in 90% of the cases...this is just a problem of the Huawei stock battery. Kendall Gustafson “Pixel”, the word sounds like the color pink. “Pixel” sounds like a little girl’s toy. Most men would never put a phone in their pocket named “Pixel” unless they were a cross/dresser. The word “Pixel” equates to a 50% loss of market share from the male market. “Nexus”, the word does not sound female or male. “Nexus”, the word sounds like science, desirable to any man, woman, or child. “Nexus”, the word sound like domination of market share. kalehv Hahaha that made me laugh. No I do not agree. I am a Pixel owner man and I am not whatever you said they'd be if they owned one but I laughed for some reason. Christian Trevor Clauss I must be a cross dresser then :D mattcoz Real men aren't insecure about what their phones are named. Middlefinger Except that the Nexus sold poorly and was generally complete junk Van_Hammersly Most of us have exited adolescence. bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9bd2ce0665c300ab872edc5e5fa1ef348b87f551cc01532d17bf41264dd126c1.jpg Bruce Wayne Google is really dropping the ball. We just can't have a stable, functioning phone that works. I just had to send my phone in for repair because it went into boot-loop after the recent update. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google: "It compiled with warnings but no errors. Must be ready to go." Bruce Wayne Nothing about Google or Android came up. What are you getting at? Middlefinger This isnt device specific, its a fault in Android itself. Google has become really bad lately with poor quality control. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Even Chrome is going to the dogs. Seriously, Google is staffed by a bunch of incompetent high-paid prima donnas. paxmos At least, Google is not charging an arm and a leg for their phones ;-) 2kool4skool Lol, $869 for a phone that doesn't have waterproofing, wireless charging, expandable storage, and ois is not charging an arm and leg? paxmos Didn't you see the wink? 2kool4skool Apologies, I just woke up and haven't fully recovered when I read your comment, my sarcasm detector didn't work really well that time. Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,...... athorax Can't tell if joking or.... He wasn't telling you to google that phrase, that is what google says when they release a new build of android. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Exactly. If it compiles, it's ready. No need to test or anything. Too much trouble for the geniuses at Google. They're so smart that if it compiles with just warnings, there couldn't possibly be any problems. John Doe I am sure that they do test it but there are things that go wrong...obviously those bugs will be in the spotlight on an Android blog meaning in real life they are probably affecting a small number of users. This is why you do a roll out of the OTA not just dump it all out there. Bruce Wayne Ohhh...Lol. I just re-read his statement now. neates Pixel and Nexus - rich beta testers... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Rich alpha testers. asifalimirza No issues two weeks after the update. I have a Verizon Pixel XL Necronos Yeah, sometimes it doesn't wanna read my finger, really annoying and sometimes I have to reboot. Nope.jpeg If you are reading this, set you Disqus profile to private, if you'd like. I just found out today that it's available. EvilHowl That has been availiable since years Nope.jpeg >I just found out today that it's available. I meant that I just discovered it today. 7-down But it has been there for years! bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/65fbb30db9562d2071d7be874cf7e6b0b6724c0c6b0333a36a817e13eef2bd99.gif Kougeru Thanks tigerstown Another so called pixel issue and yet I have never had one that's been reported. It blows my mind been on 7.1.2 sense the factory imgs dropped Sean Same for me.....my Pixel XL hasnt had a single reported issue so far......... Donovan Goodwin Using mine actually causes phone to restart. Updating to 7.1.2 caused this and it even happens on ROMs. JG W00t! For once I don't suffer from Atrem's Luck... My 5X still lets me in with my fingerprint :) Doomberg I updated just last night. Glad I didn't get hit with this issue. nickarli 6P - had 4 fingers registered, right index stopped working after the update but other 3 still fully functional. I thought it was the massive amount of Utah dust in my fingers all of a sudden, but I guess not Defenestratus There's that vaunted Google QA again. This is how you get more Samsung. New_Guy Yep 4Ui812 Why is Google having app many issues with the Fixel ? Sruly J Except since it's also affecting Nexus devices, this is more of a software issue in 7.1.2 than a hardware issue for Pixel devices. Defenestratus Because IIRC they use Agile software development. Agile is how you get shitty software. Lawstorant I've never thought I would say such thing, but I'm getting fed up with all the "issues" Google is facing with every update. On the Nexus 6, they went as far as to roll it back to 7.0. They should really step up their game especially if, they are fully responsible for every aspect of the device from now on. EvilHowl No issues on my 5X wade_county I thought these Pixels weren't supposed to be beta products? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ They aren't. They're outrageously expensive alpha products. And they even have one defect (halo-cam) that can't be fixed in software. Still the best steaming pile of dog s**t of 2016, though. Everyone should buy one. Everyone who likes dog s**t anyway. Apparently people do, since HTC has shipped 2 million since launch. Kougeru I bad a Pixel for a week and took dozens of photos with no halo Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good for you. Phandroid did an LG G6 vs. Pixel photo comparison. 4 out of 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the 22 G6 pictures had halos. They were all pictures of the same things, obviously with the same lighting. Google admits it's a design defect. If Google admits it, it's kind of hard to pretend it doesn't exist. whispy_snippet No one denies it's an issue. But what you seem incapable of accepting is it's a very minor issue that only very rarely rears its head. If you actively try to shoot an image with a strong light source angled towards the sensor (something you generally don't do because it often results in a poor shot on any camera) you might experience a halo effect. Might. But I've got literally hundreds of photos taken with my Pixel with no halos. You can choose to believe whatever exaggerated narrative you want to fuel your juvenile rage fits. But people who actually use a Pixel every day don't seem to have a problem worth caring about. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It has nothing to do with a strong light source angled toward the sensor. That's normal lens flare. The Pixel halos are NOT normal lens flare. Like I said 4 out of 22 pictures. That's 18% of the pictures they took, and they didn't have strong light sources angled toward the sensor. 18% is not a rare problem, especially when the G6 NEVER had halos with the same exact pictures. Google admitted it's a flaw. Get over yourself and stop trying to justify it. whispy_snippet And like I said, I've taken hundreds of pictures and have seen a halo perhaps a couple of times. And I take a lot of photos given video and photography is my day job - indeed one of the reasons I chose the Pixel is because I wanted the best phone camera available for the times I don't have my proper gear with me. I've seen countless comparisons between the Pixel, iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 edge and while they're all great, in most situations the Pixel takes what I consider the better shot. You're making mountains out of molehills and carrying on like a right twat in the process. P. Sherman ANECDOTAL EVIDENCE DOESN'T MEAN JACKS--- if in scientific tests under controlled environments and the same conditions, the Pixel produced the halo effect, which Google has acknowledged to be a design deficiency standard on LITERALLY EVERY PIXEL MADE, but other cameras feature no such halo effect. FFS whispy_snippet I'm not denying there's an issue! I'm saying it's being blown out of proportion by people who want to blow it out of proportion. P. Sherman Referencing a scientific, controlled test and camera comparison is NOT blowing this out of proportion. Blowing out of proportion would be something how the Wall Street Journal set out to destroy PewDiePie for boneheadedly saying "Death to all Jews" as a joke. But referencing a camera comparison in exactly the same conditions and one phone had a halo effect but the other didn't is science, fact, nothing to blow out of proportion there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good luck arguing with a Google fanboy in deep denial. thereasoner He's actually making solid points, the Pixels do have the best cameras overall​ and all smartphone cameras have some issues. whispy_snippet Show me the link to the test. I would like to see it. Even if their results suggest there's an issue (which there is as we all agree), the significance of the results can still be blown out of proportion which is what we're seeing occur in this ridiculous discussion. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here you go again. phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ Now that I've viewed the pics again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. Two involve a bright light. The other 3 do not. So that's 23% of 22 pictures. I wouldn't say that's blowing things out of proportion. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. Yeah, you paid a lot for your Pixel, so you have a hard time admitting it's a steaming pile of dog s**t. I understand. whispy_snippet Yep, so as we've agreed, halos sometimes appear in shots with strong light sources pointing at or angled towards the edge of the sensor. But let's just ignore the purple flaring and chromatic aberation in at least four of the images from the LG, right? You're demonstrating selective criticism. Every camera has strengths and weaknesses but on balance, the Pixel offers better images than competing phones more often than not. My position is unchanged. You're both making mountains out of molehills, and in no way does this "scientific" test guarantee that 23% of photos taken with a Pixel will exhibit a halo. It simply shows 23% of photos taken in this example demonstrated halos. You're both being completely ridiculous. It's like some sort of sorry crusade to demonise a great product by focusing on a tiny negative while ignoring all the positives. No one ever said the Pixel is perfect. But only you two are using ridiculous, extreme labels like "steaming pile of dog shit" and "HARDWARE DEFICIENCY" as though using capital letters makes your odd ball assertions more valid. Most reputable tech reviewers agree the Pixel has the best overall smartphone camera. You're entitled to disagree. P. Sherman 4/22. 4/22 photos from the Pixel have a halo effect. That's from Phandroid. That's 18% of photos the Pixel. That alone is damning. Google themselves have acknowledged that it is a HARDWARE DEFICIENCY and software fixes have done little to address this. They admitted it was there, that's all we need. If you knew that 4/22 Burritos Chipotle made would give you the Runs, but ZERO/22 Burritos Taco Bell made would, would YOU still choose to eat at Chipotle? whispy_snippet Show me the test! I've asked twice now. P. Sherman Lena Flare was removed from the photos, but not the video. http://highonandroid.com/android-smartphone-news/the-truth-about-google-pixel-camera-halolens-flare-effect/ Also, someone in the official Google forums shot with their Pixel and Nexus 6P in the same Time, conditions, everything. Guess what? https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsrROqMaXHqHg/?hl=by Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ 3 halos are obvious, 1 is subtle. The subtle one is where the picture is looking up at a building's windows. Now that I've viewed them again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. mr.fozzo On my Nex6P, I have noticed that the Fingerprint reader has been less reliable lately. It requires more presses than the usual 1 press. Besnik Rrustemi My Nexus 6P working excellent so far, no battery problems, no fingerprint problems (better standby times on 7.1.2 to be honest). But yes,i can agree that fingerprint was much faster when i first got the device on 6.0 Marshmallow (for unlocking the device with the fingerprint) now it takes like 2 full seconds for that :( jimv1983 No issues on my Nexus 5X and the swipe on the sensor to bring down the notification panel is great. Alex Harrison Flashed the OTA myself on my 5X. No issues with it. Jeff Neston At least it is just the sensor. My nexus 5 was bricked by a Google update.. it got the boot loop. Google support lied to me claiming I broke the power button. False it was not broken. I ended up going small claims case against Google. They settled, but wanted me to sign gag order. Sorry, no way. I sent it back and got complete refund. Sneaky company. What probably causes boot loop update to occur is phone on long time. Some apps get memory leak over time. System then unpredictably unstable. Then the system does auto uplate from Google without asking user NOR even rebooting or turning off prior to the update. Then during update, Os gets corrupted. Then after failed update phone reboots thinking the. Update completed. Now phones dead. And Google not bother to address the issue. Pdiddy187 My 5x fingerprint sensor was great until it bootlooped yesterday morning. LG is going to repair it under warranty even though it's well out of warranty. La Kiesha Rodriguez Barrientes I have the ZTE axon 7 and over a month now google hasn't addressed a fix for the play store not loading apps over data or Wi-Fi.. Without uninstalling updates to play store and then maybe will not say "waiting for network" so frustrating and then maybe download once and have to do that everytime.. Dumb.. P. Sherman That's been like that since KitKat. F------ KITKAT. ahnafm Is google reacommodating their customers now? Brett Delia I thought some positive feedback was worth being added. My Nexus 6P is working perfectly after the update. I've had generally a great experience with all my Android phones. I've had an iPhone as well as a Windows mobile phone as well in my past. None have been as feature packed as my Android devices. New_Guy This and all the other ridiculous issues with the Pixel is a big reason I stick with Samsung... Fernando S Mine is working ok in my Nexus 5x running 7.1.2. It just failed once while I was on 7.1.1 and with a soft reset it came back to life Hank Is that a real screenshot in the story? Enrollment spelled wrong twice. SMH. ThisGuyFUX This is now icing on top of the cake, for anyone whom has enjoyed watching this crash and burn. If I paid $850+ for a Pixel, I'd be pursuing class action litigation by now. Slow clap. Sean Except its only affecting about 1% of the Pixels sold.........so......slow clap for you....... 2kool4skool It's gonna be sucks when you're in the 1%. And I doubt it's 1% anyway, this is probably the 20th article I've read about pixel's problems. That's alot. Probably more like 5%. Brian White Nexus 5x, running fine here ddevito If it wasn't for my OnePlus 3 I'd be on an iPhone. thereasoner One plus has their own issues/lousy support and the iPhone? They're the worst of them all when it comes to buggy software and hardware issues bricking devices ! MisterKraky I'm not having the fingerprint sensor issue myself, but after updating to 7.1.2, I can no longer install or update any apps! On a Verizon-issued Pixel here. Đức Thành What happened to all the testing, Google? It seems they have become too reliant on using Nexus users for beta-testing and now can't seem to do a proper job on their own. Get your grips together, Android team. Rob H. Nougat is such a half baked disaster of an OS. It's ruined my N6. Marshmallow was soon much more stable. Thanks google keep breaking phones. jacob Cant even spell enrolment correctly. Enrollment...... Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,....... vltkpr My sensor stopped working and all it took was a simple restart of my Nexus 6P to get it working again. Rakesh There is a known bug that after you unlock your phone the fingerprint sensor won't work for gestures - swipe down. There is no workaround for it so far other than to just press once and then it will start working. dontsh00tmesanta Guess I'm a lucky one mine is ok Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 10 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 30 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 315 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 124 queries | 0.535s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Google Apps Tech Google ends support for popular browser benchmark because devs kept cheating it New, 6 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Apr 14, 2017, 5:17pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Google is ending support for a widely used browser benchmark after determining that the test had actually become detrimental to web performance. The benchmark, called Octane, has been widely used since 2012 by developers trying to assess how well a browser runs JavaScript, a core component of the web. But as browsers got better and better at taking the test, Google saw something start to happen: “we began to notice that JavaScript optimizations which eked out higher Octane scores often had a detrimental effect on real-world scenarios.” Coding to the test actually hurt real-world performance Part of that is simply that the test was designed for where the web was five years ago. Browsers are now efficient at what Octane was designed to test, and at the same time, websites have started being built in different ways. Octane, Google writes, “didn’t capture important use cases for the modern web” and often doesn’t work “the way real-world code does.” On top of that, developers were essentially cheating to get higher scores on the test, even though it resulted in worse real-world performance. In one case, Google says, developers began taking advantage of a bug that gave a 15 percent performance bump in Octane, even though it had zero effect on the actual web. The test also penalized some optimizations that were good for real-world performance, encouraging developers to build a worse JavaScript engine. Google warns against relying on benchmarks too much Because of all that, Google is now ending support for Octane and generally telling developers to be careful when using benchmarks at all. “Unfortunately, similar issues exist in other static or synthetic benchmarks,” writes the team behind Chrome’s JavaScript engine. The team is right that this isn’t a problem unique to Octane. While benchmarking tools are helpful, there’s always been a distinct cap on their usefulness, especially as they age. In one example, in 2013, major Android phone manufacturers were caught rigging their phones to over-perform when running benchmarks, leading consumers to believe they may have been more capable in daily use than they actually were. Google isn’t saying benchmarks should be put aside altogether, but its announcement this week is an important reminder that benchmarks can easily outlive their usefulness. More From The Verge NASA finds more evidence that the ocean on Enceladus could support alien life Elon Musk says Tesla will unveil its electric semi truck in September Mossberg: A plan to preserve the internet Automakers aren’t thinking creatively enough about hydrogen fuel cells Burger King didn’t hack Google Home, it hacked the media Magic AI: these are the optical illusions that trick, fool, and flummox computers Now Trending Here’s how to activate YouTube’s hidden Dark Mode Kendrick Lamar is releasing another album on Sunday, according to internet sleuths Star Wars: The Last Jedi’s first trailer is here Reach out Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 15. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Here’s the final design for Light’s insane 16-lens camera by Natt Garun 18 comments / new Contrary to reports, Carrie Fisher will not appear in Star Wars: Episode IX by Andrew Liptak 1 comment / new One of fantasy’s biggest authors comes to Star Wars by Chaim Gartenberg 3 comments / new This 360-degree self-balancing scooter is a Segway for the impractical by Paul Miller 2 comments / new Airbnb adds new security measures to prevent scammers from hijacking hosts by Nick Statt 1 comment / new This glow-in-the-dark, waterproof AirPods case is great for nighttime deep sea diving and literally nothing else by Ashley Carman 3 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google The Web google hire Google has been quietly working on a new service that manages job applications for recruiters Likely to have been developed by Bebop By Rob Thubron on Apr 14, 2017, 9:00 AM TechSpot It seems Google is adding yet another string to its already very packed bow. The company has quietly launched a new job advertising service that manages applications for recruiters. The platform has been named “Google Hire,” naturally. It appears that the service was developed by Bebop, the startup created by VMware co-founder and former chief executive Diane Greene that Google acquired for $380.2 million in 2015. At the time, Google CEO Sundar Pichai wrote: “We think this will help many more businesses find great applications, and reap the benefits of cloud computing,” There have been no official announcements about Google Hire from either company as of this time. The Bebop website is currently advertising a small number of positions at the hire.withgoogle.com domain, which is where you can sign in for the Google Hire service. There isn’t much information on the website, though Axios.com, which first reported on Google’s new service, notes that it “lets employers post job listings, then accept and manage applications.” The site compares it to rival services like Greenhouse and Lever. There are already a number of tech companies using or testing Google Hire, including Medisas, Poynt, DramaFever, SingleHop, and CoreOS. Right now, it doesn’t appear possible to create an account from the home page, so it may only be available to select customers. Google Hire is the latest effort to come from Google’s enterprise and cloud division, which is led by Greene. It’ll be interesting to see if the service can grow to the point where it challenges the likes of LinkedIn, and help justify the large sum Google paid for Bebop. Related Reads Google announces "Purchases On Google," making it easier to shop from your mobile device Google acquihires photo/video backup service Odysee, folds it into Google+ Google adds song lyrics to search results as a way to promote Google Play 4 comments 77 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… YouTube TV, Google's over-the-top streaming TV service, launches in five markets YouTube has a 'Dark Mode,' here is how you enable it First teaser trailer for Star Wars: The Last Jedi Popular 20 comments Ryzen 5 1600X vs. 1600: Which should you buy? 26 comments Residents in rural Chattanooga almost had 10 Gbps internet until the State stepped in Load Comments 4 ... User Comments: 4 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 7 Apple reportedly developing non-invasive sensor for diabetes treatment 18 Burger King launches ad designed to trigger your Google Home, doesn't go as planned 26 Residents in rural Chattanooga almost had 10 Gbps internet until the State stepped in 61 Trying to reinstall Vista Home Premium 32 bit 11 Check out the first trailer for Star Wars: The Last Jedi Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
Careers BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 3 mega-trends shaping the future of work Graham Brown-Martin, Medium Apr. 4, 2017, 1:42 PM 2,866 facebook linkedin twitter email print Transportation will be one of the first industries hit by automation. Self-driving vehicles may replace tens of millions of jobs. Petr Josek Snr/Reuters A lot of my work, in both public speaking and private consulting, is rooted in foresight and anticipatory research. Unlike "futurology," I'm less interested in predicting the future than anticipating different scenarios based on social, political and technological trends. If this sounds like semantics I should point out that they're really different disciplines. Futurology, as practiced by the likes of Google's chief futurist, Ray Kurzweil, is typically based on technological determinism, a reductionist theory that presumes a society's technology drives the development of its social structure and cultural values. Hence a classic futurology talk or book will include a set of graphs that show exponential performance increases in, e.g. microprocessors, over time, cross-referenced against rapidly falling costs and so on. The suggestion is that as a result of this shift in technology, society changes as a result. Futurologists will often cite the landlord and his windmill, the steam engine, and the industrial capitalist to support this argument. But the reality is more complex. Technology is just part of a broader spectrum of human activity, and social change is driven by society rather than machines. We have the agency to act independently and make free choices. The path of innovation and its social consequences are almost entirely shaped by society as a result of numerous social factors such as culture, politics, regulatory mechanisms, and economic arrangements. The latter one is particularly apposite given the post-WWII obsession with neoclassical economics, as taught in most universities. Political decisions supported by economic frameworks have excluded citizens from the discourse and, as a result, are now unravelling across the western world. It turns out that the things we value most are the things that are difficult or impossible to measure. This obsession for economics and measuring what could be measured, and ignoring what it couldn't, gave us global agencies such as the World Bank, IMF and OECD. But these organisations have been unable to apply their frameworks, wedded as they are to a single metric of GDP, to the worlds' most pressing challenges — such as climate change, increasing population, or growing inequalities. Rather they have exacerbated them. Quite simply, the economy is whatever we decide it to be, and it exists to serve society rather than the other way around. One might hope that the disruptions that we are now seeing around the world are part of a structural reform that, despite the possibility of dark years ahead, will ultimately deliver a new status quo. It's up to us to exert our agency to decide what this new status quo looks like and the kind of society that we want. So this brings me to my first and most obvious megatrend. 1. Automation and AI The logical conclusion of the industrial revolution and the metrics of capitalism is that anything that can be measured or based on rules will be automated. This means that the only jobs available in the future will be the ones that machines can't do. The arrival of self-driving vehicles, as just one example, will replace tens of millions of jobs as well as the collateral employment currently conducted by humans. The Uberfication of everything is essentially removing any sense of craft — humans, acting as organic intermediaries on zero-hour contracts, carry out instructions delivered to them by mobile device. Having de-skilled the human workforce, it is only logical to replace them with a machine that doesn't unionise, take breaks, or suffer from depression. This is the triumph of the deliverologists, the disciples of the McKinsey Way, and other 20th century manufacturing process consultants/dinosaurs who measured what was easy and ignored what was important. We already know now that it isn't only the blue collar jobs like transport, construction, and manufacturing that will evaporate, but a vast swathe of "safe" middle-class professions like accountancy, journalism, law and even teaching, that are all being datafied by deliverologists so that they can be rolled out like software. But what about all the new jobs that will be created as a result of this innovation? Pretty much the same thing that happened the last time employment was decimated by market forces, and neoliberal free market economists viewed the world through the prism of a spreadsheet and frameworks that they can't explain. Although this time, it's on a frictionless exponential scale, where corporations like Uber are described as unicorns as they devour everything in their path to the sweet cacophony of disruption. This is the game of Monopoly writ large where the aim of the game is to be the last one on the board with all the property and all the money. Palo Alto dreamers and hipster TED speakers pitched us their fable of "abundance," where the cost of everything would be free, but it seems unlikely that the winners of the game will change the rules to let everyone win. Is it the power of love we seek or the love of power? History always has the answer. We are not preparing society for this future. Our education systems, driven as they are by the multi-billion dollar measurement industry, are still training kids for a world that doesn't exist. Learning how to code isn't going to help that much when machines are coding themselves. 2. Universal basic income  "A basic income is an income unconditionally granted to all on an individual basis, without means test or work requirement" Bill Gates recently made the headlines when he suggested that machines like robots and AI could be taxed to offset the social impact of automation. The money generated via this automation tax could be used towards financing a universal basic income (UBI). Gates' fanciful suggestion provides an insight into aspects of capitalism and human nature given that the whole point of automation is that the machine doesn't require a salary or an employment contract. Thus, to simulate an income tax, it would need a reference salary, and a machine that has never been operated by a human means there will be no prior human income to act as a reference for calculating the taxes that this machine must pay. This is before we get into how we decide which machines should be taxed. In fact, this kind of woolly thinking is typical of the worldview from someone at the top fixed on maintaining the status quo that got them there. It assumes that machines taking human jobs is something to be discouraged, whereas the opposite is true. We should welcome robots doing more tasks for us, freeing us up to engage in other, more fulfilling activities and work. With all the talk of automation, there is a justified concern that the private corporations who own the robots will accumulate most of the wealth, with the rest of us left behind outside the gates of Elysium. After all, this is pretty much what's happening with the pre-automation giants such as Google, Apple, Facebook, etc. who are vacuuming up all the worlds' money by commercialising our data whilst depositing comparatively little back into the system. Taxing automation, even if feasible, delays the inevitable, whereas a universal basic income addresses the cliff before we rush headlong over it while taking capitalism with us. Something has to give. It seems bizarre that we're blessed with so much innovation that makes us more productive and yet many of us are working longer hours for at least 5 days a week. The social impact of such punishing schedules is quite possibly as bad as having no schedule at all. Is it possible that in the future humans will be able to scale back their work hours, while still receiving a comparable income through UBI if machines performed the bulk of humanity's work? Citizens could spend more time on volunteering, entrepreneurship, family, civic engagement, and creative endeavours. Today's neoclassical economists don't have a place in their frameworks to show the value of parenting, looking after our elderly parents, or contributing to the common good, and yet surely these are some of the most important things to our societal well-being? Automation has the potential to disrupt the status quo of the live-to-work society and opens up new possibilities for what people can do with their time. As with the societal impact of automation, education will be of vital importance to equip present and future generations to be a productive part of this new world. 3. Post-capitalism/progressive mutualism Post-capitalism is up there with "abundance" as one of those nauseating buzzwords used by those who have plenty, to describe a utopia where capitalism has gracefully declined, and delivered us to a world of collaborative production as part of a social movement. It gives me the same feeling that I get when I think about Sir Ken Robinson telling us that if we do what we love, we'll never work a day in our life — which sounds lovely until you say it to a single mother who is holding down three jobs to pay the rent, buy food, and put her two kids through school. I intellectually understand post-capitalism but no one has convinced me of a route to get there without an interim catastrophe. The existing super-structures of society just aren't going to give up without a fight and hand over the status quo that easily. It seems the argument over where we go as a society seems to be polarised between Darwinist capitalism or retrograde socialism. Quite frankly, neither is particularly attractive based on historical performance, and I wonder if there isn't a better way. It strikes me that a society where everyone might possess a means of production, either individually or collectively, and where trade is conducted within the free market, could be a way forward. This isn't an original idea and is based on the writings of French theorist and philosopher, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, who died in 1865. Proudhon, who was the first to call himself an anarchist, favoured workers' associations or co-operatives, as well as individual worker/peasant possession, over private ownership or the nationalisation of land and workplaces. As a result of his beliefs he considered a social revolution to be achievable in a peaceful manner, i.e. without a catastrophe that normally precedes structural reform. Such a transition isn't beyond the realms of reason or possibility and to me would be preferable to the kind of leaping of the chasm that is required to reach the utopia of post-capitalism. There are already numerous examples of large, successful businesses who are owned by the workers, or partners as they are often called. The John Lewis Partnership, a UK retail business, and ARUP a renowned international construction company are owned by their employees. Gripple, a steel manufacturing company in Sheffield, is an immensely profitable company where the founder insisted that all of his employees bought shares in the company and where the result is a happy, well-rewarded collective without the oppressive nonsense typically found in McJobs. When workers own the business, the whole dynamic changes for the better. But how do we drive such a change within the business community? I would suggest that taxation is the key and, rather than the taxation of machines as proposed by Bill Gates, that tax is used to nudge our behaviours away from undesirable outcomes where we, for example, might tax activities that are damaging to the environment. To encourage business to adopt a mutualist approach to their enterprise where it is then owned by its employees, a simple ratchet via corporation tax might be effective. A lower corporation tax would be applied to business who are employee-owned whereas those companies who wish to continue using the traditional industrial capitalist approach would pay a significantly higher corporation tax. The justification for such differences in taxation would be the societal impact of happier, healthier and wealthier employees. Now I don't for a moment pretend that I have this all figured out. I like to think of myself as more of a compass than a map, but I believe that we have entered a period of massive global disruption where the status quo as we know it is going to change. We can either let someone else choose our destiny, or we can exert our agency and be part of a positive change, to design the new status quo for the society that we want tomorrow. Graham Brown-Martin is an author, public speaker, and innovation coach specialising in global foresight and anticipatory research. He is based in London and you can find him at GrahamBrownMartin.com or follow him on Twitter @GrahamBM. Read the original article on Medium. Copyright 2017. SEE ALSO: 9 ways the workplace will be different in 2050 NOW WATCH: Children who eat too much sugar are developing diseases that only alcoholics used to get Loading video... More: Medium Work automation of work automation Capitalism UBI Universal Basic Income Artifical Intelligence facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 3 mega-trends shaping the future of work 3 mega-trends shaping the future of work A lot of my work, in both public speaking and... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Careers Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Pretty please? Is AdWords about to add new Quality Score reporting metrics? Fact check Is Google really keeping fake listings off Google Maps? Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) With all of the tools available in the SEO space, it's tough to know the best software to apply to various use cases. Contributor Tom Demers helps clear up confusion by detailing the strengths he's discovered in a wide variety of offerings. Tom Demers on April 14, 2017 at 2:39 pm More In a recent interview with SEO and Credo founder John Doherty on Dan Shure’s excellent Experts on the Wire podcast, he mentioned the positive response he’d gotten to a post he’d done this summer on the SEO Tools he uses. He mentioned that it seemed like a pretty simple post idea, but it made sense to me that it would get traction, because John is a smart writer and marketer. As I listened, I was curious what tools he was using, and I took a look at the post. I’ve also taken a page from his playbook in the following column. I like comprehensive lists of things as much as the next guy, but in a space where tools and software are relatively fragmented, and the applications for those tools change rapidly, it’s especially helpful when experienced practitioners give you a peek at different tools they pay for, what they use them for and how they think about those tools. My consulting company pays for and uses a variety of SEO tools (possibly a few too many, and likely some of the wrong ones — let me know if you have a better approach!), so I thought putting together a similar post would be helpful. Generally speaking, I tend to err on the side of having access to a tool if we’re likely to get any significant value from it. My business partner Ken and I own and operate both a consulting company and a web publishing company. A tool will probably pay for itself if it costs $50 to $100 a month, and it can: save ~10 hours of work we’d need to do manually over the course of a year or unearth a handful of valuable insights a year. The test for more expensive options is similar, but, of course, the higher the price, the more it should be delivering in time savings and/or insights. Obviously, the tools you’ll use will depend a lot on the problems you’re trying to solve, the size of the sites you’re working on and so on, so your mileage may vary. OK, on to the tools! 8 SEO tools we happily pay for I previously worked for a search marketing software company, so I have a lot of empathy for how difficult it is to build a cool and useful piece of software, and I’m happy to pay for tools that make me more efficient. These are all great tools and are in no particular order — certainly not by ranking.  For these seven tools we pay, for I tried to include: a screenshot for each. specific use cases. links to user guides and/or reviews. pricing information (most have free versions, but again, the idea here is that these are the tools I pay for). Screaming Frog Screaming Frog is an amazing tool. Hopefully, they don’t get wind of this, but even if they 10x’d the price, I’d absolutely have to pay it without hesitating. Unless you’re using an enterprise SEO tool, it would be very difficult to be efficient at conducting SEO audits without this tool. When I encountered it, it replaced Xenu — the first crawl tool my old boss introduced me to almost 10 years ago now –and lots of other arduous tasks pretty much immediately. I use Screaming Frog for so many different things that I’ll probably forget some here, but some of my favorites are: checking for duplicate content. auditing 302 temporary redirects. getting a clear picture of the information architecture (level/click depth). identifying too-short or too-long title tags or meta descriptions. performing log file analysis (to see uncrawled/orphaned URLs, crawl frequencies and so on) Screaming Frog user guides & reviews: Seer Interactive’s Screaming Frog Guide to Doing Almost Anything Screaming Frog’s Own User Guide Screaming Frog Tutorial & Review Screaming Frog pricing: SEO Spider: £149.00/yr. Log File Analyzer: £99.00/yr. URL Profiler This is another tool for which I’d absolutely pay more than the sticker price given the value it delivers, and, as with the Screaming Frog section, URL Profiler allows you to do so many cool things that I definitely haven’t gotten to all of them. But here are a few we use the tool for currently: Developing a content analytics database. We have a huge spreadsheet that houses all of the content we’ve created for clients and our own sites, where we aggregate lots of different data (traffic, links, shares, word counts and more) and put that next to the different types of content we create (to target different types of keywords), dates published, cost to create each asset and so forth. This lets us see really interesting patterns across the content we create like: What content types have the best cost-per-visit, cost-per-link or cost-per-share? How long does it take for different assets to get traction (which do well in the first month, which gain steam over time)? How does cost per visit/cost per link/cost per share vary for more and less authoritative domains? Assessing indexation. Running a big list of URLs through URL profiler to see what is and isn’t in Google’s index can be a tremendously valuable exercise to help diagnose issues and improve indexation and site structure. Conducting link prospecting/email gathering. You can also run a list of URLs through URL Profiler to grab emails for outreach or add useful data points like domain authority or links to the URL to help prioritize your outreach and get a head start on gathering contact info. For most outreach, this won’t be a one-stop shop for finding an email for your outreach prospects, but it can save some time. URL Profiler user guides & reviews: How to Build a Content Inventory URL Profiler Tutorial 40 Ways to Use URL Profiler URL Profiler pricing: Starting at £12.95 + vat Authority Labs Rank checking is a bit of a tricky beast. I find it very valuable in measuring progress and diagnosing SEO issues, but simple rank reports (arguably) aren’t as useful as they once were. Additionally, as a consultant, rank reports generate extra work around educating clients on the importance and value of rankings for specific terms. All of that said, Authority Labs is a slick tool for tracking rankings across multiple sites. Full disclosure on this category: I have used some different rank trackers over the years, but this isn’t a class of tools I’ve done a ton of research in recently (here is a really nice breakdown of all of the options here, though, spoiler alert: his recommendation seems to be the same). Authority Labs user guides: Authority Labs Tour / Overview An in-depth Authority Labs review Authority Labs pricing: Starting at $99/mo. Moz Pro Moz Pro has a lot of different kinds of functionality (it seems like having too many different areas of focus has been something they’ve struggled a bit with), and honestly, there are a lot of aspects of the tool that I rarely use or have never used. Still, we’ve been subscribers for several years and find there’s more than enough useful functionality to justify the subscription. Specifically, I really like: Keyword Explorer & Keyword Difficulty Tool. I’ve used Keyword Explorer more and more as of late, and although they’re apparently sunsetting the Explorer, I still use the keyword difficulty tool frequently. As with all keyword data, the volume and difficulty estimates are rough, but the difficulty data especially is something that’s extremely useful, helping you gauge which terms to target for a given site as you come into a niche. Ahrefs and SEM Rush (coming up here on the list) have difficulty metrics as well, but I’ve been using the Moz metric for a while now and have a good feel for what it means in relation to the domain authority of the site I’m working on and the types of assets we’ll be likely to build for a client. MozBar. I still use this every time I’m coming up with ideas for linkable assets. Having the root domains linking to a page overlaid over search results as you’re coming up with topics is really invaluable. Moz user guides: Moz’s User Guides A Review of SEO Moz 8 Insights from Using Moz Pro for 30 Days Moz pricing: Starting at $99/mo. Ahrefs Nearly every SEO is going to have their favorite link analysis tool. I haven’t done a super-granular deep dive into comparing the different link analysis tools (there are folks who have done this work if you want to Google around). Anecdotally, and based on my usage, my impression is that Ahrefs finds more links than Moz’s tools. It also surfaces more relevant links in a more actionable interface than Majestic (though Majestic may have more actual link data). Again, just my two cents. Ahrefs is another tool that I use frequently (nearly daily), but I don’t leverage all of the features. Specifically, my focus within the tool is: Link Analysis. I use Ahrefs data to get a sense of linking root domains, to analyze specific links, to get links to existing assets we want to Skyscraper (can you use that as a verb?) to use as link prospects and more. Content Explorer. Within Ahrefs is a Content Explorer tool which will show you the most linked-to or shared pages on a specific topic. I often find the results here a bit wonky and hard to act on, but frequently if I play around with different combinations of topics and metrics to sort by (linking domains, shares and so on), I get some good topic ideas. Again, there’s a lot more in this tool. It has a lot of overlapping functionality with some of the other tools on this list, but this is what I use it for currently. Ahrefs user guides & reviews: An older Ahrefs review Another Ahrefs review Ultimate Ahrefs guide Ahrefs pricing: Starting at $99/mo. SEMrush I use SEMrush for every single site audit and keyword research project, and I often use it for one-off tasks as well. It’s essentially my “competitive keyword research” tool of choice. It would be really hard to do effective keyword research without SEMrush, as the insights you can get from looking at competitor and publisher sites is really invaluable. Here’s what I use it for: Competitive keyword research. Get a list of your/your client’s competitors and the niche publications (forums, popular blogs, major publishers, conference sites) and start to plug them into SEMrush to pull out relevant keyword opportunities. Internal linking optimizations. This concept is something I believe I first read about in Nick Eubanks’ keyword research course (you can see the step-by-step process broken down in this post on SEMrush’s blog). You can use SEMrush on your own (or a client’s) site to quickly surface terms that are ranking well but could use a little bit of a boost and have significant estimated search volume. You can then link internally to those pages from some of the better linked-to pages on your own site. By now, you’re likely noticing that a lot of tools are expanding their functionality (and I’m not using some of these new features). SEMrush falls into this category as well. Really, if you’re just starting out and/or looking to conserve budget, you could probably pick one of these tools and get as much as possible out of it. I’m simply sharing how I use them in this column. SEMrush user guides & reviews: 40 Ways to Use SEMrush SEMrush Review How to Use SEMrush for Competitive Research SEMrush pricing: Starting at $99/mo. Link Prospector Link prospecting is so hard! It’s incredibly time-consuming and difficult to scale, or even just do efficiently in small batches. Link Prospector is an awesome tool that helps with a specific slice of the link prospecting process: gathering link prospects. It essentially automates a lot of the manual work (running different link queries and grabbing prospects from search results). It just saves a ton of time if you’re doing this work. You still have to then layer on qualification and outreach, of course, but it’s an insanely useful tool. Link Prospector user guides & reviews: Link Prospector Guide How to Find 1500 Link Prospectors in 10 Minutes Flat Link Prospector Review Link Prospector pricing: From $5/credit or $47/mo. BuzzSumo This is the last time I’ll mention that tools are increasingly expanding and overlapping, and that I only use specific slices of them (big relief for you the reader, right?) but here again we have an example of a tool that does a lot of different things around link analysis, content analysis and more. Personally, my favorite use for BuzzSumo is for seeing the most shared content around specific topics and from specific sites. This can give you a lot of great content ideas, and, while I mainly turn to Ahrefs for in-depth link analysis, having link data next to the share data is helpful as well. Buzzsumo user guides & reviews: BuzzSumo’s Guide How & Why John Jantsch uses BuzzSumo BuzzSumo Tutorial & Review Buzzsumo pricing: From $79/mo. What’s in YOUR SEO toolbar? This is actually a fun question for SEOs (free topic idea for those of you in the expert roundup community). These are the varied Chrome extensions that are consistently present in my toolbar and are used at varying frequencies. Most of these are free to use (a couple have a premium version) and, in most cases, the use cases should be pretty specific and straightforward, so  I won’t go into a great deal of detail. Link Miner If you’re doing link prospecting and outreach, Link Miner is an incredibly valuable tool. It allows you to: quickly check a page to see which links are broken (helpful in alerting writers/webmasters that their links are broken as you’re recommending they add your resource). see actual link metrics for the broken link. This is the game-changer here. Previously I’d used another plugin called Check My Links for this purpose, which works well for simply seeing broken links on a page. Link Miner does this and goes a step further and shows you the number of linking root domains for a broken link. This means that, with a little additional data, you can add all of the folks linking to that broken link to your list of link prospects (they’re likely very relevant). The extension is free, but it’s more useful when you can combine it with the link data for broken links, so it will be more valuable if you have a subscription to one of the tools with their own link data (Moz, Ahrefs or Majestic SEO). Redirect Path This is a handy plugin that quickly lets you know the redirect path for a specific page, which is useful as you’re clicking through a site trying to understand specific issues. The extension is free. Google Tag Assistant This is Google’s plugin that tells you which Google tags are present on each of your pages and if there are issues with those tags. I probably use this more to troubleshoot conversion tracking issues in AdWords accounts than anything else, but it’s also very handy to quickly see if Google Analytics code is both present and properly installed on a given page. The extension is free. Link Clump This is a handy little Chrome extension that lets you quickly open a bunch of links on a list at once in new tabs. If you’re working on link prospecting this is frequently pretty useful. Hunter Finding emails can be difficult, particularly for link/resource lists where there may not be a clear author. Hunter is a really slick tool that lets you quickly see contact information for the folks on a page or site, and you can even click through to the pages that specific addresses are on to get more context and figure out if this is really the best person to be contacting. Good data capture at this stage of the outreach process can really impact your success rate and efficiency. It’s free to use the extension, but if you exceed certain usage thresholds, you’ll need to subscribe to one of the different paid plans. Additional tools I use for SEO work Beyond the subscriptions and Chrome extensions, I use a few additional tools to execute on SEO work. Not all of these are SEO tools, strictly speaking, but I find they help with a lot of recurring SEO tasks. HTTP Status Checker If you’re just looking to quickly see what’s going on with a batch of URLs (maybe some blog content on a site moved, and you’re not sure what kind of redirects it’s been run through), this is a nice free tool that gives a clean visual of the http status for a batch of URLs. SEO Book Keyword Generator Frequently I’ll want to mash up some keywords with modifiers (e.g., if you’re working with a pizza chain, you may want to quickly combine “pizza places in” and {city name}) for various reasons and purposes, and this tool is a quick and easy way to do that. WordStream’s Keyword Grouper I was working at WordStream when the Keyword Grouper was developed, and the basic premise here is that within a big list of keywords (like an AdWords search query report) you frequently want to understand not just what individual terms are driving the most traffic or conversions, but what clusters of terms drive the most traffic or conversions in aggregate. You can dump a big list of keywords with an associated metric (traffic, estimated traffic, conversions, or whatever) into the grouper, and it’ll tell you which keyword groups are driving the most traffic, conversions and so on, which is really helpful as you try to map out keyword priorities. BuzzStream’s free link-building tools BuzzStream’s paid influencer and relationship management tools are great, but they also have some really cool free link-building tools that I use frequently and rarely see on these kinds of lists. Specifically, you can do things like: put some HTML into the tool and get all of the links on that page (nice for prospecting if you’re trying to quickly grab some links from a best blogs list or resource list or similar). get just the domains from a list of links. quickly grab the title tag and meta description from a list of URLs. Yoast SEO WordPress plugin Yoast is the SEO plugin I most frequently find on WordPress sites, and we install it on all of our own sites as well. It’s a great tool for quickly customizing title tags, and it can help with lots of SEO blocking and tackling issues like generating an XML sitemap, canonical tags and more. There’s also a premium version that offers more functionality. Google Analytics/Google Search Console/Google Keyword Planner Of course, there’s a lot of data you can mine from Google’s free tools (or kind of free, in the case of Keyword Planner). I’m as quick to complain about Google as the next guy, but the ease of access to a lot of this data is really worth being grateful for. Evernote/Instapaper/Twitter/Feedly I kind of hate it when people put general stuff they use all the time, like “Google Docs” or “my laptop” or “Excel” or “WordPress” on their {X} tools list, so forgive me here if you do, too, because these don’t belong on an SEO tools list, strictly speaking. I do think it’s worth calling out how I find and organize SEO information. Beyond some of the general best practices information that Google puts out, there’s not a ton of universally accepted “SEO canon,” and Google is updating their algorithms, their search results and their guidelines and policies constantly. For that reason, it really is important to have at least a rough process for staying up to date with news and information. I like to do the following: Subscribe to blogs in Feedly. It’s a bit Google-Reader-Era-ish of me, but I still have a number of blog feeds I follow, and I typically add interesting blogs when I find a post by them. I try to check in every week or two and work through everything that’s unread. Follow smart people on Twitter. I have a Twitter list for this purpose. I don’t understand why there’s not broader adoption of this feature. I feel that a number of the complaints I hear about Twitter could be solved if people knew about and used lists. If you just created one that aggregated tweets by Glenn Gabe and Barry Schwartz’s, it would almost be like hiring someone to keep you up to date in real time with everything that ever changes about Google’s search results and what it means/why it’s important (but for free). Save interesting stuff to read to Instapaper. It seems most people use Pocket for this purpose, but Instapaper works well for my purposes, so I’ve saved myself the switching costs and use it to save long-form posts that I want to read but don’t have the time (or focus level) for at the moment (most often from Twitter links). Save “bookmarkable” posts to Evernote. Finally, I drop tools I want to try, links I want to share and great articles I want to reference later into different Evernote notebooks. All of these tools are free. I also played around with different IFTTT recipes but found this disconnected process works better for me personally. I’m sure there’s a more efficient process to be had here, but again, this is just a list of stuff that I do and use. Boomerang OK one more along those same lines: Boomerang is one of my absolute favorite overall apps. I do pay for this one, and I also use it for way more than SEO (essentially I use it for personal email management), but the main features allow you to: send emails later. Rather than saving a draft and sending in the morning, you can just schedule it to go out on the spot. If you’re prospecting and working on outreach on off-hours, this is really helpful. have an email “boomerang” back into your inbox. If you send an outreach email, you can just check a box and have that email jump back to the top of your inbox in a day or a week or more to remind you to follow up if you don’t (or if you do) get a response. Pricing for Boomerang starts at $5 a month, which is incredibly low in relation to the value it provides for regular email communication, never mind outreach. My current “SEO tools to try” list: That’s really the full list of tools that I currently have in rotation, but, obviously, I’ve only covered a fraction of the tools that are available out there. I also keep a running list of any tools or services I see in my travels that I’d like to try, so I’ll share that here as well (maybe you’ll have more success carving out the time to actually play around with them than I have): Sentinel Lumanu Deep Crawl On Page Stat Technical SEO’s Tool Set Did I miss something you can’t live without? Some functionality I’m crazy to be leaving on the table? Competitive tools that are better than what I’m using? Let me know! Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Tom Demers Tom Demers is the co-founder and managing partner of Measured SEM and Digital Examiner. His companies offer paid search management, search engine optimization (SEO), and content marketing services to businesses of varying sizes in various industries. Popular Stories The complete guide to optimizing content for SEO (with checklist) Are AdWords advertisers about to get a lot more Quality Score reporting metrics? The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) Just released: 2017 Local Search Ranking Factors survey results Related Topics All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSEM Tools: Keyword ResearchSEM Tools: LinksSEM Tools: Web AnalyticsSEO & SEM Tools Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers A Marketing Agency’s Guide to Client Retention The Rise of the Customer Marketer The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Headlines Headlines 24.nl verzamelt actueel nieuws via de rss feeds van online kranten. Op elk moment geven wij al het laatste nieuws overzichtelijk weer. Tevens kunt u inloggen om uw eigen nieuws pagina samen te stellen en zo alleen het nieuws te zien dat u interesseert. op Headlines24 op het internet   Zoeken   Home Binnenland Buitenland Computer Cultuur Economie Lifestyle Media Sport Wetenschap Opinie | Journalistiek | Nieuwsblogs Google's Censorship 14/04 22:00 - Google's Censorship Google Is Now Threatening My PublishersPosted on April 13, 2017 by Eric Zuesse.Eric ZuesseI just happened to notice at one of my publishers, RINF, “Google’s Censorship Of Independent News – Rinf Becomes Latest Victim”, and the owner, Mick Meaney, described Google’s threat to him if he didn’t remove a news-article that was critical of the Israeli government. He promptly removed it. He continued:“Then the next day, as I expected, I received another email telling me to delete a second article. This time it was an article about Donald Trump, written by Eric Zuesse.”He’s in a predicament:“My choice is now; let Google dictate what information is acceptable, or significantly reduce the amount of time I spend devoted to RINF.”I used to be published at places such as Huffington Post, Salon, and Common Dreams, but the number of sites that are willing to publish me has gradually reduced as more and more of my articles came to expose the operations that control the U.S. federal government. None of those publishers explained to me why they were dropping me. But now I understand. And Google isn’t alone in this; they’re part of the same operation that has taken over the U.S. and many foreign ‘news’ operations and thus now controls what the publics believe, in many countries.I knew that this would happen. But, unlike some other courageous journalists, I’m still alive and able to continue doing the best job I can, for the public, and without charging anyone for access to it.Please spread the word to all your friends, to read my articles at RINF.com, washingtonsblog.com, globalresearch.ca, zerohedge.com, sott.net, off-guardian.org, strategic-culture.org, countercurrents.org, greanvillepost.com, and the few other courageous news-sites that are still occasionally publishing me. —————Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of  They’re Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of  CHRIST’S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity.http://www.washingtonsblog.com/2017/04/66777.html#more-66777... Lees artikel verder op Stan van Houcke   Meer over Stan van Houcke               Meer over showbiz-media Nieuwsblogs 15/04 09:00 Als je veel te dronken vriend tijdens het uitgaan begint te dansen 15/04 08:45 Weinig hoop voor groenrechtse coalitie 15/04 08:45 ‘Moeder aller bommen’ VS doodt zeker 92 IS-strijders 15/04 08:15 Vastgoedbelasting bevoordeelt vooral rijke huiseigenaren 15/04 08:00 SG-café zaterdag 15-04-2017 15/04 08:00 Soefisme herzien 15/04 08:00 Wetenschappers linken vaccins aan neurologische problemen zoals ADHD en OCS 15/04 07:45 Eritrese conferentiegangers hebben Veldhoven verlaten 15/04 07:45 Wetenschappers linken vaccins aan neurologische problemen zoals ADHD en OCS 15/04 07:30 Dreigende taal Noord-Korea tijdens militaire optocht 15/04 02:00 Noord-Korea in het nauw, het omgekeerde zou helpen 15/04 01:45 Is ons drinkwater in gevaar? 15/04 01:45 Betalen we onze man of vrouw nog wel genoeg? 15/04 01:45 ‘Toeristen zijn gevoelig voor verhalen’ 15/04 01:45 Eritreeërs weg na verbod conferentie 15/04 01:45 En weg is Trumps isolationisme 15/04 01:45 Potje pandakaas 15/04 01:45 Wat de ‘verliezers van de globalisering’ willen 15/04 01:30 PostNL paste tekort belastingaanslag bestuurders bij 15/04 01:30 Dit zijn de winnaars van de NRC-Kamera Express Fotowedstrijd van maart 15/04 01:30 Betrapt! Een beginnersfoutje 15/04 01:30 Niet over politiek praten, dan blijft het gezellig 15/04 00:45 9/11 The Biggest Lie 15/04 00:00 They Knew 9/11 15/04 00:00 Kan alleen de islam de EU nog verslaan? Boekbespreking. 14/04 23:30 NOS Propaganda 14/04 23:30 Hoge ambtenaar Justitie opgepakt vanwege thuiskwekerij 14/04 23:30 Slachthuis dicht om overtreden regels dierenwelzijn 14/04 23:00 Zandmannetjes doen poging tot boomstronk verwijderen 14/04 22:30 The 3 Coming False Flag Attacks 14/04 22:30 ‘Ronaldo kocht vrouw af na beschuldiging verkrachting’ 14/04 22:30 Slachthuis gesloten om overtreden regels dierenwelzijn 14/04 22:30 AZ wint op bezoek bij 1-2 14/04 22:30 VVV verslaat RKC en promoveert naar Eredivisie 14/04 22:00 Google's Censorship 14/04 22:00  ‘meer gekleurde aanklagers, anders begrijpen we de Top600 en jihadisten niet’ 14/04 22:00 Nieuwe opeisbrief aanslag spelersbus aankondiging terreurdaad in Keulen 14/04 22:00 Zoek je nog een leuke Tinder date voor dit weekend? 14/04 21:45 Heetwaterbronnen gevonden in oceaan op Saturnusmaan 14/04 21:45 Paul van Nederland valt in hoog tempo uit elkaar 14/04 21:30 Burger King's goedbedoelde reclame pakt helemaal verkeerd uit dankzij het internet 14/04 21:30 Trump sluit website met bezoekersgegevens Witte Huis 14/04 21:00 Closing Time | Sad Lovers & Giants 14/04 21:00 Parkeerbeleid Norilsk in beeld gebracht 14/04 20:45 Hoeveel dieren stierven voor de kunst van Damien Hirst? 14/04 20:45 Volgens Noord-Korea staat een nucleaire oorlog voor de deur 14/04 20:30  “Eerst heeft zij linkse praatjes en daarna zeg jij hoe het echt zit” 14/04 20:30 Banken laten bedrijfsleven consument geld aftroggelen 14/04 19:45 ‘Ik schrijf alsof er geen toekomst is’ 14/04 19:30 Beste @annefleurdd…   Member login Emailadres Wachtwoord Log in  Gratis account   Wachtwoord?     Regionaal nieuws   Actueel nieuws   Google   Weer Weersverwachting NederlandWeeronline.nl - Meer weer in Nederland   Verkeer   Nieuwsbrief Emailadres Inschrijven  Uitschrijven     Contact Sitemap Privacy verklaring Disclaimer Binnenland Buitenland Sport Economie Wetenschap Cultuur Showbiz/media Computer Lifestyle Headlines Copyright © 2008 - 2015 - Headlines24.nl. Al het nieuws elke dag overzichtelijk verzameld.- (Pagina gegenereerd in 0.0125 seconden.)
printed April 15, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18992 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google Photos Can Sort of Fix Your Shaky Videos Article Comments   Yesterday, 7:17 AM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper The latest version of Google Photos for Android devices includes a new video stabilization tool. Google's software goes beyond what the individual phone's own hardware and software do to improve videos. Using the Google Photos in-app editing function, people can apply the stabilization technique to their video clips at any time. The app automatically saves a new, stabilized copy of the clip and maintains the original clip in its pure form. The results are slightly cropped when compared to the original. Google Photos for Android is free to download from the Google Play Store. more info at Google Play Store » Related Google news Android news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
printed April 15, 2017 See this page online at: http://www.phonescoop.com/articles/article.php?a=18995 ≡ Reviews Phones Phone Finder News Carriers OSes Glossary Register Log In Advertising Licensing About Contact Privacy Terms of Use Home  ›  News  › Google's Family Link App Reaches iOS Devices Article Comments   Yesterday, 11:57 AM   by Eric M. Zeman   @phonescooper Google today expanded the availability of its Family Link application to iOS devices. Family Link is a service that lets parents set up and monitor their children's Android smartphones. Parents can use the app to create Google accounts for kids younger than age 13, which are linked to the parent's Google account. Parents can then approve and block apps from the Google Play Store, control screen time with daily limits, and remotely lock or prevent devices from being used at night. Google is offering Family Link through an early access program. Parents interested in testing it can request an invitation directly from Google. Though parents can now use Family Link from an iPhone, the child's handset still needs to run Android 7 Nougat and up. Family Link for iOS is available from the iTunes App Store. more info at iTunes App Store » Related Google news Android news iOS news AD Comments Start a new discussion You must log in to post. No messages yet     Page  1  of 1 Tweet this Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Email this Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS     Subscribe to Phone Scoop News with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram   About Contact Terms of Use All content Copyright 2001-2017 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission. 1 OK This is a preview. Click for full glossary page. Log In  or  Register email address username password Forgot password By registering, you agree to our Terms of Use. We value your privacy and will never share your email address. (full privacy policy)
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Become a fan of Slashdot on Facebook   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's Facebook page has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! × 90467475 story Google Is Working On a Tool For Managing Job Applicants (axios.com) 57 Posted by msmash on Friday April 14, 2017 @03:20PM from the LinkedIn-competitor? dept. Google is quietly testing "Google Hire," a job applicant tracking system that appears to rival services like Greenhouse and Lever, Axios is reporting. From the report: The service lets employers post job listings, then accept and manage applications, according to job listing links spotted by Axios reader Colin Heilbut. So far, several tech companies seem to be using (or testing) Google Hire, including Medisas, Poynt, DramaFever, SingleHop, and CoreOS. business google usa ← You may like to read: → Google Kills Off Octane JavaScript Benchmark Due To 'Diminishing Returns and Over-Optimization' Silicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win Twitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules Ask Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? Twitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts Former Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation A New Survey Shows Consumers Are Not That Freaked Out By Tech Google Is Working On a Tool For Managing Job Applicants More | Reply Login Google Is Working On a Tool For Managing Job Applicants Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 57 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Nobody else can get it right... (Score:3) by damn_registrars ( 1103043 ) writes: <damn.registrars@gmail.com> on Friday April 14, 2017 @03:22PM (#54236119) Homepage Journal So google might as we take a swing at it? I have seen plenty of different programs out there designed to make it easier for companies to screen applications, and the truth is none of them work. Every last one is fucking worthless; discarding too many good applicants and letting too many awful ones through. To make it worse the HR people almost universally have zero understanding of how it works or why it doesn't work, which only increases the failure rate. Granted google is orders of magnitude better at NLP than the companies that have been selling this shitty software for all these years, but that doesn't mean they'll get it right, either. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by omnichad ( 1198475 ) writes: Scratching your own itch is a good start toward making good software. They have a fair shot - they do seem to hire an awful lot of people. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: They have a fair shot - they do seem to hire an awful lot of people. I was under the impression that hiring has slowed down in recent years. When I did a one-month stint in inventory in 2008, Google was hiring 300+ people per week and equipment came in on Monday to go out the door on Friday. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: Which by some clerical error includes you. No clerical error. Congress fully funded my five-year contract when Obama was president. I'm doing such a great job that my contracting agency gave me an extra month of pay as a Christmas bonus last year. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: So you're a 300 pound lardo hired for the disabled worker quota and funded by the affirmative action niigger. Not quite. I weigh 350 pounds (think football player). Although my hearing loss in one ear and speech impediment could be considered a disability by some, I never let it stop me from getting ahead in life. Yes, I'm the only white person at my job. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: [...] you have one of those psychiatric conditions where you're unaware of your disability [...] I'm not interested in playing the victim game. I'm a winner, not a loser. [...] nobody around you is allowed to mention it. People asked me about my so-called disability all the time. If you're not being a prick about it, we can have a good conversation. For example, I explained to a parent that I was fortunate to get out of school before the medication craze became popular. Instead I suffered from repeated blood tests by a doctor who had an arrangement with a medical lab and a fondness for shoving his fat finger up my fat ass. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: The only thing you're winning at is megalomania. Now you're confusing me with Trump. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: dude your being trolled. Tell him to fuck off and move on. But I love playing with the trolls! ;) 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: Jesus Christ man, give it a rest. Revisionist history for self glorification left and right. Pathological lying is your actual "disability". Last week you got into an internet fight about you claiming to be unemployed in 2008 and you rebuffing that you worked at google that year. Now you say it was just a month. You have also said that you make good money and that you work for the government in a high cost of living area making less than half of the market rate, something a McDonalds store manager makes. You have also said you work in infosec while claiming you are starting your study of entry level certs. What is it going to be next week? Stop misrepresenting my positions. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: Can you do the position where you suck your own cock. Sure your giant fat gut makes it hard to bend over but you should still be able to fit the tip of your dick in your mouth. Your cock is long and hard enough to reach your mouth. Sorry, I don't do yoga. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by swillden ( 191260 ) writes: They have a fair shot - they do seem to hire an awful lot of people. I was under the impression that hiring has slowed down in recent years. When I did a one-month stint in inventory in 2008, Google was hiring 300+ people per week and equipment came in on Monday to go out the door on Friday. It hasn't. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Bomarc ( 306716 ) writes: The more 'automation' the put up front, the more people will eventually learn how to game the system. As you point out: ' discarding too many good applicants and letting too many awful ones through.' I've also seen many systems that "don't work" for my employment, fields that are required that I don't know (or have or are not applicable). 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:3) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: What about the jobs that never existed in the first place, there was no intention of ever filling them, there was no hiring manager involved, and the listings existed only to make HR look busy? Those jobs are easy to spot. They typically have a requirement for five years of experience in an technology that came out six months earlier. Re: (Score:2) by Joe_Dragon ( 2206452 ) writes: they are for H1B's and there is no intention of ever filling them with an USC. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. patented age detection algorithm (Score:2, Insightful) by Anonymous Coward writes: Google is innovating in this space by using a patented algorithm to guess the age of each applicant. Any applicant over 30 is immediately deleted. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: Only if you apply direct to Google. Contracting agencies are more flexible about age. I worked at Google in my late 30's and early 40's as a contractor. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: I bet you jizzed on your screen after you typed that. Why would I ruin a $3,000 Dell laptop at work? 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Khyber ( 864651 ) writes: Google wasn't the first. JobRivet explicitly does this, advertising themselves as a job site for young people. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Microsoft vs. Google Hiring Processes (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: The Microsoft hiring system I had first hand experience back in 2005. I was working on a six-week contract at Sony to test what would become the Reader [kickingthebitbucket.com]. Two weeks into the current assignment I started searching for my next contract. Five Microsoft recruiters contacted me and my resume floated for a month before I discovered that each of the hiring managers had hired their drinking buddy for the available position. Microsoft HR requires five applicants be interviewed before the beer drinking buddy can get hi Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: Maybe what happened to you was that the "drinking buddy" is someone the hiring manager had professional experience with and knew what he/she was getting vs. rolling the dice with someone who interviews well but otherwise might be good or bad. Five recruiters led me by the nose for four weeks. I was pissed. I took my revenge on them by holding the last round of phone calls in the men restroom at lunch time. Only time I had a job interview at Microsoft was for a TV division (IIRC) that got spun off in 2014. I generally don't talk to Microsoft recruiters. Re: (Score:2) by creimer ( 824291 ) writes: Call it the "Bataan death march," not "jumping through hoops." Google's hiring practices may have change since the last time I looked at it. Probably because Google and other tech companies are looking away from the universities to hire people without degrees. https://www.fastcompany.com/3069259/why-more-tech-companies-are-hiring-people-without-degrees [fastcompany.com] 3 replies beneath your current threshold. Fantastic! (Score:3) by Gravis Zero ( 934156 ) writes: on Friday April 14, 2017 @04:01PM (#54236311) I can't wait to be instantly disqualified for a position by an unfeeling piece of software that I indirectly helped bring to the market! ;) Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: Damn it. I knew I should have changed my name to Shoneeka Patel. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Great (Score:1) by SnarkSide ( 4929655 ) writes: Let me guess, this system will help everyone except white males who don't have advanced degrees. Please Google, don't willingly hand the keys to the kingdom to the SJWs trying to turn America into a sea of socialist mediocrity. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 9 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1368 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 1058 commentsTwitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules 982 commentsAsk Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? 978 commentsTwitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts 917 commentsFormer Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation next A New Survey Shows Consumers Are Not That Freaked Out By Tech 49 comments previous Google Kills Off Octane JavaScript Benchmark Due To 'Diminishing Returns and Over-Optimization' 65 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 56 of 56 loaded Submit Story Two percent of zero is almost nothing. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News New Case Study From Web 20 Ranker Reveals Newest GMB Ranking Factors For Google Possum Filter Hanover, PA – Setting up a website is only the first step in today’s digital marketing world for businesses that want to stand a better chance of reaching their target audience through the internet. One of the many key aspects to helping a business succeed on the internet is helping them to create a powerful online presence that search engines like Google recognize. A Google My Business Page, or GMB for short, is the jumping point for several search engine optimization features that help businesses rank higher in Google Maps listings. Web 20 Ranker, an online wholesale provider of SEO services, has recently released a powerful case study that can help businesses learn the key factors to ranking their Google My Business listing through the new Possum Filter. “Google is always changing their best ranking practices and added more filters to sift out spammy websites,” says company founder and brain behind the new case study, Chaz Edwards. “With Google reducing the radius that local businesses can be found, and with cities showing multiple packs based on searcher proximity, every effort should be made to understand the top local ranking factors and which factors we can influence directly through local search optimization. Through our latest Google My Business case study, we review some of the factors specific to the Possum filter, and what your business can do in order to combat those changes.” Google’s Possum filter was a major game-changer for local searches, which saw many verified GMB listings simply disappearing from Google Maps. The new filter comes into effect in four scenarios: similar businesses sharing the same address, similar businesses sharing the same owner, similar businesses sharing the same affiliation, and similar businesses located very close to one another. Thankfully, checking for the Possum filter is easy. Simply perform a local search that brings up a Snack Pack (Google Maps 3 Pack), and select the ‘more places’ option. Note the number of listings that appear on the left hand side of the screen. However, zooming in closer on the map will now reveal several pages of results that Possum has filtered. In order to create such a powerful case study, the company utilized ranking data from across their more than 200 active GMB SEO campaigns, the Google ‘Proximity Ranking’ Patent, the Proximity To Searcher blog article from Darren Shaw, Google local search rankings guide, local SEO ranking factors, and Think with Google Micro-Moments. Compiled together, these resources paint a clear picture of what Google is looking for when ranking businesses through the new Possum filter. In addition to these, Web 20 Ranker also takes into account the four main types of keyword variations, which they optimize for in each of their GMB optimization packages. The new GMB case study from Chaz Edwards is available from the Web 20 Ranker website, through their blog section. Web 20 Ranker is located at 1 Center Square, Suite 200 in Hanover, Pennsylvania (17331). The company can be reached directly from their website, http://web20ranker.com/, or at support@web20ranker.com Media Contact Company Name: Web 20 Ranker Contact Person: Chaz Edwards Email: support@web20ranker.com Phone: (855) 896-6657 Address:1 Center Square, Suite 200 City: Hanover State: Pennsylvania Country: United States Website: http://web20ranker.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Marketing & Sales, Professional Services, Public Affairs, Website & Blog Post navigation Previous PostPrevious PID Controllers Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Jump On It, Latest Single By Mega EDM Label Armada, Expands Up-And-Coming ADN Lewis’s Global Fan Base Search Recent Posts Jump On It, Latest Single By Mega EDM Label Armada, Expands Up-And-Coming ADN Lewis’s Global Fan Base New Case Study From Web 20 Ranker Reveals Newest GMB Ranking Factors For Google Possum Filter PID Controllers Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 How To Replace Airwheel E6 Smart Electric Bike’s Rear Fender and Front Inner Tube  Here is important news for the people who are looking for the luscious cakes Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Some Pixel and Nexus fingerprint sensors not working after Android 7.1.2 update Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 12:17pm PDTApr 14, 2017 51 Plus 1 on G+ 50 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares166 Bug Watch Device Updates News Nexus 5X Nexus 6P Pixel Pixel XL A number of Google Pixel and Nexus users are reporting that their fingerprint sensor is no longer working after the latest Android OS update. Several members of the Pixel and Nexus communities on Google's product forums have encountered the issue since installing the Android Nougat 7.1.2 OTA. The issue appears to be affecting both the Pixel and Pixel XL, as well as the LG-made Nexus 5X and Huawei Nexus 6P. Reports suggest that while the Pixel and Nexus Imprint sensors are no longer granting access to the devices, the swipe down for notifications Moves gesture is still functional. Attempts to solve the problem by deleting pre-existing fingerprints and starting from scratch haven't worked, as error messages are preventing new prints from being added to the devices. As usual, we'll update if we hear any official word from Google about the issue, hopefully regarding a fix. Source: Pixel User Community forum, Nexus Help Forum Tags 5x 6P bug bug watch fingerprint Imprint nexus pixel pixel xl subscribe ... Previous Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. ... Next Story Google officially moves the AOSP issue tracker away from Google Code Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Andrew Palmer No issues here. 6P. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article Removed VAVAMk_2 Same thereasoner Same here with my Pixel. Suicide_Note No issues on my XL or 6P. Good_Ole_Pinocchio 6p has never given me those issues either... But it is slower than most newer scanners. Nick Which is to be expected. It's still fine. Jeff Neston By stating no problems, expect to get boot loop on your nexus 6. See the CNET article on nexus 5 and 6. Provided Google does not get the article defeated. If you do get it expect to lose all unsaved data. Then if want refund you will need to go to court. Sean Please GO AWAY....you have said this TWICE.......Its NOT the Nexus 5 and 6 Mr Brainiac....its the 5X and 6P......which are TOTALLY different than the Nexus 5 and Nexus 6. Max Same here with my XL. elav Me too. No issues on my XL.. Nicholas Matranga My Nexus 5x works just fine after the update. kalehv Sometimes my Pixel XL asks for pattern even after it recognizes my fingerprint (no, I am not talking about the first time after reboot). Rebooting the device works but why does this happen? Nathan Bryant I've also experienced this. It's random. Not so often it's a bother for me. kalehv Yup not so often with me either but being a mobile developer what bothers me is this happening, not the inconvenience it causes. Nathan Bryant That totally makes sense. I assume it's some kind of error even though it's not stating that it is. I don't see the pattern or constant of what causes it when it happens. mattcoz It does that after more than 48 hours have passed since you've last used your pattern. kalehv Nop its not that either. It does that after 4 hours I think. And it should do that only once after 4 hours but not keep doing that until you reboot. mattcoz It's definitely 48 hours, that comes straight from Google. But if it continues to do so, then that's something else. Mgamerz I've had it happen on my Nexus, it just occasionally requires a PIN. Says it's 4 hours of non usage but that doesn't seem true, sometimes I wake up and no pin and sometimes I'll be on and off the phone and it'll require a pin. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Typical. Google needs to fire some of their geniuses and hire some diligent coders, and also diligent testers for their QA department (assuming they even have one -- I sincerely doubt it). Middlefinger Oh really. Nexus/Pixel/Google error 4.453.563 this year alone. Im shocked (not really). Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Best hot steaming pile of dog s**t 2016. SpeakethTheTruth I think you might be on to something with that last paragraph. Cause for real, quality control is out of control right now. sebastianer If fixed my 6P bad battery life and early shutdown only replacing the stock Huawei battery with other battery with different brand (no need to wipe the phone in the process...) Several people did the same and is enjoying the battery life they were having when they bought the phone more than a year ago: https://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=3534410 You could even try a Huawei battery replacement...but they say they aren't original. I just went for another brand because of the bad experience I had with the stock battery durability I don't know in the Pixel. But in the 6P in 90% of the cases...this is just a problem of the Huawei stock battery. Kendall Gustafson “Pixel”, the word sounds like the color pink. “Pixel” sounds like a little girl’s toy. Most men would never put a phone in their pocket named “Pixel” unless they were a cross/dresser. The word “Pixel” equates to a 50% loss of market share from the male market. “Nexus”, the word does not sound female or male. “Nexus”, the word sounds like science, desirable to any man, woman, or child. “Nexus”, the word sound like domination of market share. kalehv Hahaha that made me laugh. No I do not agree. I am a Pixel owner man and I am not whatever you said they'd be if they owned one but I laughed for some reason. Christian Trevor Clauss I must be a cross dresser then :D mattcoz Real men aren't insecure about what their phones are named. Middlefinger Except that the Nexus sold poorly and was generally complete junk Van_Hammersly Most of us have exited adolescence. bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9bd2ce0665c300ab872edc5e5fa1ef348b87f551cc01532d17bf41264dd126c1.jpg Bruce Wayne Google is really dropping the ball. We just can't have a stable, functioning phone that works. I just had to send my phone in for repair because it went into boot-loop after the recent update. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Google: "It compiled with warnings but no errors. Must be ready to go." Bruce Wayne Nothing about Google or Android came up. What are you getting at? Middlefinger This isnt device specific, its a fault in Android itself. Google has become really bad lately with poor quality control. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Even Chrome is going to the dogs. Seriously, Google is staffed by a bunch of incompetent high-paid prima donnas. paxmos At least, Google is not charging an arm and a leg for their phones ;-) 2kool4skool Lol, $869 for a phone that doesn't have waterproofing, wireless charging, expandable storage, and ois is not charging an arm and leg? paxmos Didn't you see the wink? 2kool4skool Apologies, I just woke up and haven't fully recovered when I read your comment, my sarcasm detector didn't work really well that time. Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,...... athorax Can't tell if joking or.... He wasn't telling you to google that phrase, that is what google says when they release a new build of android. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Exactly. If it compiles, it's ready. No need to test or anything. Too much trouble for the geniuses at Google. They're so smart that if it compiles with just warnings, there couldn't possibly be any problems. John Doe I am sure that they do test it but there are things that go wrong...obviously those bugs will be in the spotlight on an Android blog meaning in real life they are probably affecting a small number of users. This is why you do a roll out of the OTA not just dump it all out there. Bruce Wayne Ohhh...Lol. I just re-read his statement now. neates Pixel and Nexus - rich beta testers... Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Rich alpha testers. asifalimirza No issues two weeks after the update. I have a Verizon Pixel XL Necronos Yeah, sometimes it doesn't wanna read my finger, really annoying and sometimes I have to reboot. Nope.jpeg If you are reading this, set you Disqus profile to private, if you'd like. I just found out today that it's available. EvilHowl That has been availiable since years Nope.jpeg >I just found out today that it's available. I meant that I just discovered it today. 7-down But it has been there for years! bonelesscheese https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/65fbb30db9562d2071d7be874cf7e6b0b6724c0c6b0333a36a817e13eef2bd99.gif Kougeru Thanks tigerstown Another so called pixel issue and yet I have never had one that's been reported. It blows my mind been on 7.1.2 sense the factory imgs dropped Sean Same for me.....my Pixel XL hasnt had a single reported issue so far......... Donovan Goodwin Using mine actually causes phone to restart. Updating to 7.1.2 caused this and it even happens on ROMs. JG W00t! For once I don't suffer from Atrem's Luck... My 5X still lets me in with my fingerprint :) Doomberg I updated just last night. Glad I didn't get hit with this issue. nickarli 6P - had 4 fingers registered, right index stopped working after the update but other 3 still fully functional. I thought it was the massive amount of Utah dust in my fingers all of a sudden, but I guess not Defenestratus There's that vaunted Google QA again. This is how you get more Samsung. New_Guy Yep 4Ui812 Why is Google having app many issues with the Fixel ? Sruly J Except since it's also affecting Nexus devices, this is more of a software issue in 7.1.2 than a hardware issue for Pixel devices. Defenestratus Because IIRC they use Agile software development. Agile is how you get shitty software. Lawstorant I've never thought I would say such thing, but I'm getting fed up with all the "issues" Google is facing with every update. On the Nexus 6, they went as far as to roll it back to 7.0. They should really step up their game especially if, they are fully responsible for every aspect of the device from now on. EvilHowl No issues on my 5X wade_county I thought these Pixels weren't supposed to be beta products? Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ They aren't. They're outrageously expensive alpha products. And they even have one defect (halo-cam) that can't be fixed in software. Still the best steaming pile of dog s**t of 2016, though. Everyone should buy one. Everyone who likes dog s**t anyway. Apparently people do, since HTC has shipped 2 million since launch. Kougeru I bad a Pixel for a week and took dozens of photos with no halo Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good for you. Phandroid did an LG G6 vs. Pixel photo comparison. 4 out of 22 Pixel pictures had halos. None of the 22 G6 pictures had halos. They were all pictures of the same things, obviously with the same lighting. Google admits it's a design defect. If Google admits it, it's kind of hard to pretend it doesn't exist. whispy_snippet No one denies it's an issue. But what you seem incapable of accepting is it's a very minor issue that only very rarely rears its head. If you actively try to shoot an image with a strong light source angled towards the sensor (something you generally don't do because it often results in a poor shot on any camera) you might experience a halo effect. Might. But I've got literally hundreds of photos taken with my Pixel with no halos. You can choose to believe whatever exaggerated narrative you want to fuel your juvenile rage fits. But people who actually use a Pixel every day don't seem to have a problem worth caring about. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ It has nothing to do with a strong light source angled toward the sensor. That's normal lens flare. The Pixel halos are NOT normal lens flare. Like I said 4 out of 22 pictures. That's 18% of the pictures they took, and they didn't have strong light sources angled toward the sensor. 18% is not a rare problem, especially when the G6 NEVER had halos with the same exact pictures. Google admitted it's a flaw. Get over yourself and stop trying to justify it. whispy_snippet And like I said, I've taken hundreds of pictures and have seen a halo perhaps a couple of times. And I take a lot of photos given video and photography is my day job - indeed one of the reasons I chose the Pixel is because I wanted the best phone camera available for the times I don't have my proper gear with me. I've seen countless comparisons between the Pixel, iPhone 7 and Galaxy S7 edge and while they're all great, in most situations the Pixel takes what I consider the better shot. You're making mountains out of molehills and carrying on like a right twat in the process. P. Sherman ANECDOTAL EVIDENCE DOESN'T MEAN JACKS--- if in scientific tests under controlled environments and the same conditions, the Pixel produced the halo effect, which Google has acknowledged to be a design deficiency standard on LITERALLY EVERY PIXEL MADE, but other cameras feature no such halo effect. FFS whispy_snippet I'm not denying there's an issue! I'm saying it's being blown out of proportion by people who want to blow it out of proportion. P. Sherman Referencing a scientific, controlled test and camera comparison is NOT blowing this out of proportion. Blowing out of proportion would be something how the Wall Street Journal set out to destroy PewDiePie for boneheadedly saying "Death to all Jews" as a joke. But referencing a camera comparison in exactly the same conditions and one phone had a halo effect but the other didn't is science, fact, nothing to blow out of proportion there. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Good luck arguing with a Google fanboy in deep denial. thereasoner He's actually making solid points, the Pixels do have the best cameras overall​ and all smartphone cameras have some issues. whispy_snippet Show me the link to the test. I would like to see it. Even if their results suggest there's an issue (which there is as we all agree), the significance of the results can still be blown out of proportion which is what we're seeing occur in this ridiculous discussion. Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ Here you go again. phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ Now that I've viewed the pics again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. Two involve a bright light. The other 3 do not. So that's 23% of 22 pictures. I wouldn't say that's blowing things out of proportion. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. Yeah, you paid a lot for your Pixel, so you have a hard time admitting it's a steaming pile of dog s**t. I understand. whispy_snippet Yep, so as we've agreed, halos sometimes appear in shots with strong light sources pointing at or angled towards the edge of the sensor. But let's just ignore the purple flaring and chromatic aberation in at least four of the images from the LG, right? You're demonstrating selective criticism. Every camera has strengths and weaknesses but on balance, the Pixel offers better images than competing phones more often than not. My position is unchanged. You're both making mountains out of molehills, and in no way does this "scientific" test guarantee that 23% of photos taken with a Pixel will exhibit a halo. It simply shows 23% of photos taken in this example demonstrated halos. You're both being completely ridiculous. It's like some sort of sorry crusade to demonise a great product by focusing on a tiny negative while ignoring all the positives. No one ever said the Pixel is perfect. But only you two are using ridiculous, extreme labels like "steaming pile of dog shit" and "HARDWARE DEFICIENCY" as though using capital letters makes your odd ball assertions more valid. Most reputable tech reviewers agree the Pixel has the best overall smartphone camera. You're entitled to disagree. P. Sherman 4/22. 4/22 photos from the Pixel have a halo effect. That's from Phandroid. That's 18% of photos the Pixel. That alone is damning. Google themselves have acknowledged that it is a HARDWARE DEFICIENCY and software fixes have done little to address this. They admitted it was there, that's all we need. If you knew that 4/22 Burritos Chipotle made would give you the Runs, but ZERO/22 Burritos Taco Bell made would, would YOU still choose to eat at Chipotle? whispy_snippet Show me the test! I've asked twice now. P. Sherman Lena Flare was removed from the photos, but not the video. http://highonandroid.com/android-smartphone-news/the-truth-about-google-pixel-camera-halolens-flare-effect/ Also, someone in the official Google forums shot with their Pixel and Nexus 6P in the same Time, conditions, everything. Guess what? https://support.google.com/pixelphone/forum/AAAAb4-OgUsrROqMaXHqHg/?hl=by Felonious Monk ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ phandroid dot com/2017/03/27/lg-g6-vs-google-pixel-camera/ 3 halos are obvious, 1 is subtle. The subtle one is where the picture is looking up at a building's windows. Now that I've viewed them again, actually 4 have obvious halos. One is subtle. In addition, some Pixel photos are blurry whereas the G6 photos are not. mr.fozzo On my Nex6P, I have noticed that the Fingerprint reader has been less reliable lately. It requires more presses than the usual 1 press. Besnik Rrustemi My Nexus 6P working excellent so far, no battery problems, no fingerprint problems (better standby times on 7.1.2 to be honest). But yes,i can agree that fingerprint was much faster when i first got the device on 6.0 Marshmallow (for unlocking the device with the fingerprint) now it takes like 2 full seconds for that :( jimv1983 No issues on my Nexus 5X and the swipe on the sensor to bring down the notification panel is great. Alex Harrison Flashed the OTA myself on my 5X. No issues with it. Jeff Neston At least it is just the sensor. My nexus 5 was bricked by a Google update.. it got the boot loop. Google support lied to me claiming I broke the power button. False it was not broken. I ended up going small claims case against Google. They settled, but wanted me to sign gag order. Sorry, no way. I sent it back and got complete refund. Sneaky company. What probably causes boot loop update to occur is phone on long time. Some apps get memory leak over time. System then unpredictably unstable. Then the system does auto uplate from Google without asking user NOR even rebooting or turning off prior to the update. Then during update, Os gets corrupted. Then after failed update phone reboots thinking the. Update completed. Now phones dead. And Google not bother to address the issue. Pdiddy187 My 5x fingerprint sensor was great until it bootlooped yesterday morning. LG is going to repair it under warranty even though it's well out of warranty. La Kiesha Rodriguez Barrientes I have the ZTE axon 7 and over a month now google hasn't addressed a fix for the play store not loading apps over data or Wi-Fi.. Without uninstalling updates to play store and then maybe will not say "waiting for network" so frustrating and then maybe download once and have to do that everytime.. Dumb.. P. Sherman That's been like that since KitKat. F------ KITKAT. ahnafm Is google reacommodating their customers now? Brett Delia I thought some positive feedback was worth being added. My Nexus 6P is working perfectly after the update. I've had generally a great experience with all my Android phones. I've had an iPhone as well as a Windows mobile phone as well in my past. None have been as feature packed as my Android devices. New_Guy This and all the other ridiculous issues with the Pixel is a big reason I stick with Samsung... Fernando S Mine is working ok in my Nexus 5x running 7.1.2. It just failed once while I was on 7.1.1 and with a soft reset it came back to life Hank Is that a real screenshot in the story? Enrollment spelled wrong twice. SMH. ThisGuyFUX This is now icing on top of the cake, for anyone whom has enjoyed watching this crash and burn. If I paid $850+ for a Pixel, I'd be pursuing class action litigation by now. Slow clap. Sean Except its only affecting about 1% of the Pixels sold.........so......slow clap for you....... 2kool4skool It's gonna be sucks when you're in the 1%. And I doubt it's 1% anyway, this is probably the 20th article I've read about pixel's problems. That's alot. Probably more like 5%. Brian White Nexus 5x, running fine here ddevito If it wasn't for my OnePlus 3 I'd be on an iPhone. thereasoner One plus has their own issues/lousy support and the iPhone? They're the worst of them all when it comes to buggy software and hardware issues bricking devices ! MisterKraky I'm not having the fingerprint sensor issue myself, but after updating to 7.1.2, I can no longer install or update any apps! On a Verizon-issued Pixel here. Đức Thành What happened to all the testing, Google? It seems they have become too reliant on using Nexus users for beta-testing and now can't seem to do a proper job on their own. Get your grips together, Android team. Rob H. Nougat is such a half baked disaster of an OS. It's ruined my N6. Marshmallow was soon much more stable. Thanks google keep breaking phones. jacob Cant even spell enrolment correctly. Enrollment...... Lucilleabreault Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !se154c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !se154c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs444MarketCaseGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!se154c:....,....... vltkpr My sensor stopped working and all it took was a simple restart of my Nexus 6P to get it working again. Rakesh There is a known bug that after you unlock your phone the fingerprint sensor won't work for gestures - swipe down. There is no workaround for it so far other than to just press once and then it will start working. dontsh00tmesanta Guess I'm a lucky one mine is ok Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 10 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 30 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 315 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 124 queries | 0.535s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times NSW Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street Blunt Instrument Satire Movies Music TV Guide TV & Radio Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist The Store News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles eSports News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site ACT News National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sydney Traffic Quizzes Home News NSW News April 15 2017 - 12:37AM Save Print License article Urban growing pains: How the government botched the Google power station deal Jacob Saulwick Contact via Email Follow on Twitter 25 reading now facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More In Sydney terms, the waterside residents of Glebe, Rozelle and Lilyfield might be considered blessed: they wake to the breeze of the harbour and they live, as the crow flies, a mere swoop into town. But this amenity, for some time now, has come at a price. Play Video Replay Video Play Video Don't Play Up Next Horse racing on Sydney Harbour Bridge? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 More NSW News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 03:16 Bays Precinct industries warn NSW ... Bays Precinct industries warn NSW government September 2016: Key maritime industries are concerned for the future vital ports and marine infrastructure on prime harbourside land around the inner city Bays Precinct. Up Next Horse racing on Sydney Harbour Bridge? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:54 Video duration 00:54 Horse racing on Sydney Harbour Bridge? Horse racing on Sydney Harbour Bridge? Racing NSW is understood to have held talks with an English promoter about organising a horse race on the Sydney Harbour Bridge. Up Next Where will Sydney bury it's dead? Play Video Don't Play Video duration 02:11 Video duration 02:11 Where will Sydney bury it's dead? Where will Sydney bury it's dead? As land becomes an increasingly rare commodity in Sydney cemeteries, Graham Boyd from Woronora Memorial Park has been forced to come up with creative plans for burial space. Up Next Boy shot in the head at Glenfield home dies Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:32 Video duration 00:32 Boy shot in the head at Glenfield home ... Boy shot in the head at Glenfield home dies A 15-year-old boy who was shot in the head 'execution-style' as he lay in bed has died in hospital. Vision: Seven News Up Next Miller's Point public housing sell-off Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:43 Video duration 00:43 Miller's Point public housing sell-off Miller's Point public housing sell-off August 2015: Former minister for social housing Brad Hazzard discusses the benefits of the Millers Point sell-off. Up Next Teenage parents reunited with family Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:21 Video duration 00:21 Teenage parents reunited with family Teenage parents reunited with family The young couple smuggled their 3-day-old baby from Nepean Hospital on Thursday, sparking a wide-scale search. Vision: Sevens News. Up Next Sydney teenager shot in head Play Video Don't Play Video duration 00:30 Video duration 00:30 Sydney teenager shot in head Sydney teenager shot in head A gunman is on the run after shooting a 15-year-old boy in the head at his home in Glenfield on Friday morning. Vision: Seven News. More videos Bays Precinct industries warn NSW government September 2016: Key maritime industries are concerned for the future vital ports and marine infrastructure on prime harbourside land around the inner city Bays Precinct. Residents of the so-called Bays Precinct have in recent years have had to live exposed to the swirl of property industry patois that tends to emerge in this city where there's a buck to be made. As there is around the Bays, one of the last semi-industrial stretches of Sydney's inner harbour and, therefore, a developer's waterfront dream. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link An artist's impression of the redeveloped White Bay Power Station.  Photo: Supplied "There is great potential between Barangaroo and the Bays Precinct to really remake the western half of the harbour, to use it for residential and commercial purposes, for public transport and quite possibly for entertainment and events," Labor's Kristina Keneally said of the area in 2008. "We will be going to market … to turn this power station into a technology hub that will drive the future of not just Sydney and NSW but I believe the national economy," another former premier, Mike Baird, declared in 2015 at the disused White Bay Power Station on the border of Rozelle and Balmain. Advertisement "We are going to have an incredible precinct, with huge opportunities for people to live, work and play and it's something that we are very proud to be delivering." But as with so many seemingly obvious initiatives, extracting more use out of the 80-odd hectares of the Bays Precinct – mostly government-owned land that includes the former power station, the Rozelle Rail Yards, as well as Glebe Island and White Bay itself – has proven intensely difficult. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The NSW government said it remained committed to the development of the White Bay Power Station as a technology and innovation hub. Photo: Tamara Dean The announcement this week that the technology giant Google had abandoned plans to establish an Australian base in a refurbished White Bay Power Station was a striking embarrassment for a famously business-friendly state government. One of the world's largest companies wanted to concentrate its growing workforce of thousands in an area in which the government insisted would be a technology hub. But Premier Gladys Berejiklian's government failed to stick the deal. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link NSW Premier Mike Baird and Planning Minister Rob Stokes at White Bay Power Station in 2015 announcing it would be re-purposed as a technology hub. Photo: Edwina Pickles According to Berejiklian, the reason Google opted out of the Bays was because of the disturbance when a WestConnex motorway interchange and potentially a metro station were built in the area. "When you're moving a large number of people to a location, having those disruptive elements was the biggest deterrent for them," Berejiklian says. Berejiklian's explanation is too cute, or simply incorrect. The reason Google declined to develop its base there is the obvious one: there are as yet no decent transport options for thousands of staff to easily get to and from the area. The Bays might look close to the city as the crow flies, but the rest of us are stuck on inadequate and overcrowded roads. For some, however, the failure to secure Google's Australian base at White Bay could be a trigger to re-think how development around the Bays might proceed. The government has, for instance, indicated that within the next decade it would build a metro line shuttling between central Sydney and Parramatta, possibly with a stop at the Bays. But Sydney University has already started lobbying for a station to be located at its Darlington campus, which would probably have to come at the expense of the Bays. For David Borger, the western Sydney director of the Sydney Business Chamber, the merit in Sydney University's idea is that it would concentrate the government's efforts on areas where activity already occurs, sparing authorities the more ambitious task of creating an innovation hub out of nothing. "The idea of governments trying to force things is a bit silly," says Borger. If a metro line ran through Sydney University, Borger says, it would make sense to connect it past Parramatta to the tens of thousands of medical and medical research jobs around Westmead. "Over at Westmead it is worth taking a punt, because it is the biggest medical agglomeration in Australia really, and it does have the potential to attract other jobs in biotech and like industries," says Borger. "If the government doesn't develop the Bays Precinct any time soon it's not the end of the world," he says. Tim Williams, the chief executive of advocacy group the Committee for Sydney, expressed sympathy for UrbanGrowth, the government-owned development agency charged with remaking the Bays area. "Many problems happen because politicians rush and make announcements before analysis or before the system is ready," says Williams. "In this case a key condition of success for an innovation district – good public transport access – was not in place. If that is delivered by the public sector I am confident the market can over time deliver the world class outcomes envisaged in this key location." It is not as if the government was not warned. David Pitchford, the former chief executive of UrbanGrowth, said in 2015 that the Bays would be a "disaster" without major public transport initiatives. The transport Pitchford was referring to was most likely the metro proposal. Nevertheless, the failure of the Google deal has also put the spotlight on the role of UrbanGrowth. UrbanGrowth has been without a chief since late last year – a remarkable interregnum for what is purportedly one of the key housing agencies for a government nominating housing as its primary focus. UrbanGrowth was created in 2012 to combine the functions of Landcom, which had focused on land release in the urban fringe, and the Sydney Metropolitan Development Authority, which had tried to encourage large-scale developments close to the city. "The approach of targeted government intervention in the property market is already a feature in every other state and the NSW industry has been crying out for such an organisation," the then minister for planning Brad Hazzard said at the time. But last month Berejiklian, in effect, split UrbanGrowth into its original parts. The Premier would take control of the large-scale inner city development cites such as the Bays Precinct, while Landcom would stay under the control of the Planning Minister. The split was in response to a government perception that UrbanGrowth was struggling to meet the expectations created for it. This perception is echoed by parts of the property industry. "UrbanGrowth has gone away from what they do best," says Steven Mann, the chief executive of the Urban Development Institute of Australia. "Ideally we see them getting back into that development trouble-shooting role where they agglomerate sites, co-ordinate infrastructure delivery and remove development constraints before wholesaling developable land to the private sector," says Mann. Chris Johnson, from the developer group the Urban Taskforce, says there's a "a bit of a feeling there was a lot of talk and not quite enough action". "I would have assumed that an organisation like that would have cut through with drive and made things happen, but it appears that that's not the case," says Johnson. Around the Bays, to be sure, UrbanGrowth has not been idle. It has negotiated the intricate task of securing agreements with the owners and lessees of the Fish Markets for a redevelopment. The existing Fish Markets will be replaced by a new facility closer to the head of Blackwattle Bay, a designer for which will be selected in May. The existing Fish Markets area, meanwhile, is intended to be redeveloped for housing, retail and a "waterfront promenade" across from Wentworth Park. How these developments will fit in with the rest of the area, and with much-needed transport improvements, remains to be seen. "UrbanGrowth is the co-ordinating organisation across the Bays revitalisation," Barry Mann, UrbanGrowth's head of projects, told ABC Radio this week. "That means we then talk to all the other areas of government and co-ordinate how that master plan and long term outcome will work. But that doesn't mean we understand every other bit of government policy across the city," Mann said. One does not need to turn to Google to suspect that might be a problem. Advertisement Most Popular Mentally ill man drives car through mall, admits terror motive Deadly Panania brawl linked to 'execution-style' killing of Brayden Dillon: police Teens bashed a man unconscious with a baseball bat in Queanbeyan Teenager dies in hospital after being shot at point-blank range while in bed Boy, 15, shot 'execution style' at Sydney home in revenge attack Property News What clearance rates really mean when ... Contains: External link How to instantly update the look of ... Contains: External link Follow Sydney Now Share on FacebookFacebook Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide NSW Teenager dies in hospital after being shot at point-blank range while in bed Teens bashed a man unconscious with a baseball bat in Queanbeyan Deadly Panania brawl linked to 'execution-style' killing of Brayden Dillon: police Mentally ill man drives car through mall, admits terror motive Boy, 15, shot 'execution style' at Sydney home in revenge attack Canberra Times 'People wouldn't give me space': Canberran's excuse for going 158km/h Cruel death that ruined many lives 'The most psychologically ill-equipped president in US history' 'Living hell': Burglaries leave Canberra mum fearing for kids' safety 'A fizzer': Families scramble for treats at Corin Forest Easter egg hunt The Sydney Morning Herald The sad reason why so many mothers take selfies with their kids Deadly Panania brawl linked to 'execution-style' killing of Brayden Dillon: police North Korea directs missiles towards Australia Two metres tall and 180kg: the Aussie teen stunning America United States' first female Muslim judge found dead in Hudson River The Age Man sues museum after breaking back in bid to outrun Freeman exhibit United States' first female Muslim judge found dead in Hudson River How a $40 medical test became a $1000 test overnight Veteran police officer Ken Rich killed in bike crash in front of daughter 'We will go to war if they choose': North Korea's message to Trump Brisbane Times Teenager dies in hospital after being shot at point-blank range while in bed Seafood warning as foam spills from Qantas hangar at Brisbane Airport Flow Hive inventor stung by Chinese 'copycat' United States' first female Muslim judge found dead in Hudson River Chemicals in Brisbane Airport spill have sparked fears 'worldwide' WA Today Parent takes action after daughter only given half game in final Flow Hive inventor stung by Chinese 'copycat' The sad reason why so many mothers take selfies with their kids Desperate family appeals for information on missing man Dino Hadzic Man dead after being shot by police in Perth hills Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android News Google preps Allo for a long-awaited desktop client, chat backups A look at the code in the latest update reveals that Google is working on expanding its messaging app universe. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Michael Simon Staff Writer, Greenbot | Apr 14, 2017 12:23 PM PT Credit: Derek Walter More like this Samsung Galaxy S8 rumor roundup: Here's everything we know so far Google revamps Voice with long overdue makeover, new features Google Assistant learns how to read texts as its prime-time rollout continues Video Is Alexa as good on your phone? When Allo 9.0 arrived earlier this month, there wasn’t much to talk about. Aside from bug fixes and performance improvements, the update brought nary a new sticker pack to play with. But as it turns out, Google is doing some serious work behind the scenes. 9to5Google has taken a deep look at the APK and found some interesting features in the works. Most importantly, Google seems to be nearing the formal release of the Allo web client. A feature we first heard about from Google’s VP of Communications Product Nick Fox, it appears as though it will function similar to the way WhatsApp’s does, requiring a specific code scan to authenticate. 9to5Google was able to enable the feature, which prompted to scan a QR code or text code to pair with the desktop. While the site obviously couldn’t get beyond the pairing screen, it does suggest that Google is fairly far along in the development of the Allo desktop. In his teaser tweet back in February, Fox said the Allo desktop client was “still in early development,” but this discovery might mean its release is closer than we think. Elsewhere in Allo 9.0, 9to5Google found an intriguing reference to back up your chats to Google Drive, which look to add the ability to sync saved conversations (including any images and videos) to a new phone. The APK teardown also included references to incognito group chats and the long-rumored selfie-generated sticker packs. Something to talk about: We’ve been trying to figure out Google’s messaging strategy for as long as we’ve been using Android phones, but at least the Allo picture is starting to become a little clearer. What isn’t clear is where the app fits. Google recently started a push to make Android Messages the default on all Android phones, so Allo is presumably still playing second fiddle in its overall strategy. But with Google I/O right around the corner, perhaps Google will shed a little more light on it. To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Google Apps Michael Simon covers all things mobile for Greenbot and Macworld. You can usually find him with his nose buried in a screen. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Popular on Greenbot Dress up your texts with these 4 Android SMS-replacement apps Get a better messaging app that suits your texting style and personal preferences. The 15 best Android puzzle games for teasing your brain 10 must-have apps for your new Android phone Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go How to see Wi-Fi passwords on an Android phone What do you do when all you see is a sea of asterisks? (Hint: Rooting required.) How to get started with the Google Assistant on your Android phone No longer a Pixel exclusive, Google’s all-knowing oracle will transform the way you use Android. More from... Featured Stories Five to Try: Sweatcoin, Lumino City, Planescape, Boomerang... Fun, games, and prizes abound in this latest batch of new Android apps. 10 tips to make the LG G6 a lean, mean Android machine LG's latest flagship is quite a good phone, and it gets even better with the right tweaks. ​Tips and tricks to master Gboard Google's keyboard app can save you time with all of its typing tricks if you look under the surface at... Great Google apps you didn't know you needed All Android phones come with a bunch of pre-loaded Google apps, but these you'll have to download from... Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
GSMArena.com Tip us 868k 125k 87k 202k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact A closer look Sony Xperia XZ Premium hands-on - - - Google Areo is a food delivery and home services app for India Post your comment Comments (6) Prasad 14 April 2017 Google Online services Google has launched a new service called Areo, which will let you order food as well as arrange for home services. The service is available only in India for now (that too only in Mumbai and Bengaluru) and the app is only available on Android. Areo will ask for your location and then list all the services available in your area. The first is food delivery service, where Google has partnered with Freshmenu, Box8, Holachef, Faasos and more (depending upon location). You can see the prices of the items and order them directly from the order, and the app will push the request to the service provider and they will take over from there. But Areo goes beyond simple food delivery service (of which there is no shortage in India right now and has become a growing market) and also offers home services. This includes home maintenance stuff like appliance repair, carpentry, electrical work, pest control, plumbing, house cleaning, etc. There are also other chores such as car wash, laundry, packing and moving and cooking. You can also book a personal fitness or a waxing and pedicure appointment through UrbanClap. The list includes even more things such as house painting, accounting, mechanic, chauffeur, shoe repair and even astrology readings. All of these services are subject to your location, even within the two currently supported cities. Depending upon where you are some or the other options will be disabled. The app currently features service providers but over time more should be added. It should also likely arrive in other regions and be available on iOS. Download Related articles Android 7.1.2 breaks fingerprint some Pixel and Nexus devices Latest Google Allo update sets things up for chat backups Google issues fix for annoying page jumps in Chrome app Google Home will support multiple users, the question is: When? Reader comments Anonymous D0hg 5 hours ago Of course... What do you expect...the next city is going to be Chennai.(currently available in Mumbai and Bangalore). Reply jesse.clark U@9L 7 hours ago Because the Google CEO is Indian? Reply Anonymous GRNM 10 hours ago Not sure what value does it add beyond what Freshmenu / Swiggy (for food) and Urbanclap (for other services) already provide? What is its USP? Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 6 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Samsung Galaxy S8 111,111 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 63,021 3. Xiaomi Redmi 4a 61,712 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 57,322 5. Samsung Galaxy S8+ 49,501 6. OnePlus 5 46,032 7. Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) 44,982 8. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 39,649 9. Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro 37,549 10. Motorola Moto G5 Plus 34,146 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 2,110 2. OnePlus 3 1,664 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,649 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,604 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,498 6. HTC 10 1,412 7. LG G5 1,205 8. Xiaomi Mi Mix 838 9. OnePlus 3T 780 10. LG V20 711 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2017 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us If Trump Fired Bannon, Would He Seek Revenge? White House says it won't make visitor logs public White House showdown on Paris deal set for next week Your farm is trying to kill you Trump’s got a new favorite Steve Worries deepen about Trump's military tilt Politico POLITICO Influence Intelligence and analysis on lobbying Get the POLITICO Influence Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Google, Facebook, Snapchat lobby up By Theodoric Meyer 04/14/17 02:00 PM EDT With David Beavers, Aubree Eliza Weaver and Daniel Lippman TECH GIANTS LOBBY UP: Google, Facebook and Snapchat are all signing new lobbyists amid a flood of end-of-quarter filings. Google has added Holland & Knight to its stable of lobbying firms, working for its Waymo self-driving car operation on “development, testing, deployment and regulation of autonomous vehicles,” according to a disclosure filing. Facebook has hired Ogilvy Government Relations to lobby on immigration reform. (The company also brought on BakerHostetler last quarter.) And Snapchat has hired Monument Policy Group to lobby on technology, cybersecurity and “lawful access issues.” (Invariant and Jochum Shore & Trossevin also lobby for Snapchat.) Story Continued Below — Other filings that caught our eye: Koch Industries — a major opponent of House Speaker Paul Ryan’s border-adjustment tax proposal — has hired Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher to lobby on tax reform. And Dorelita Limited, a Greek consulting firm, has hired former Rep. Buck McKeon (R-Calif.), to “assist with developing and improving relationships with US government officials” and “manage meetings with US Administration, Congress and Dorelita.” NATIONAL RETAIL FEDERATION HITS THE AIR TO FIGHT BORDER ADJUSTMENT: The National Retail Federation is hitting the air while members are at home during the recess, going up with new TV and digital ads pushing House Republicans to oppose the proposed border-adjustment tax. The ads feature small-business owners who say the tax would devastate their companies. They’re targeting three GOP lawmakers who the trade group hopes will vote against the proposal, which has been championed by House Speaker Paul Ryan and Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady: Reps. David Valadao (R-Calif.), Andy Barr (R-Ky.) and John Culberson (R-Texas). (Valadao and Culberson are both likely Democratic targets next year after Hillary Clinton carried their districts in November.) — Why is the NRF hitting the air now? “We thought it was time to introduce the voice of small-business owners into the conversation,” said David French, the NRF’s senior vice president of government relations. Much of the campaign against the tax has been waged by Americans for Affordable Products, a coalition that includes giant companies like Wal-Mart, Nike and Target. (Another coalition, the American Made Coalition, led by exporters like General Electric and Boeing, has championed the tax.) The NRF’s goal is to kill the border adjustment by the time Congress is ready to move onto tax reform, so Congress can pass legislation more favorable to retailers. “It’s dead in the Senate, it’s probably dead in the House, and it’s time to admit it,” French said. Watch one of the ads here. Good afternoon, and welcome to PI. This newsletter lives and dies by your tips. Switching jobs? Making a hire? Sign a new client? Get in touch: tmeyer@politico.com. You can also follow me on Twitter: @theodoricmeyer. BARNETT IN THE AGE OF TRUMP: It was “Bob Barnett, the Washington superlawyer who likes to describe himself as the ‘doorman to the revolving door,’” who represented the Obamas and Hillary Clinton in their post-election book deals. “But the Obama and Clinton book deals are being viewed by people in the publishing and agenting business as potentially something of a Barnett swan song,” POLITICO’s Annie Karni reports. “His old-school tactics — a multimillion-dollar book deal for an outgoing government official, coupled with a launch on ‘60 Minutes’ or one of the Sunday shows — seem out of sync in the age of Trump, a former reality show star who reverse-engineered his presidency by starting with the lucrative book, the branding and the television deals and then worked his way into the Oval Office.” Full story. BEEKEEPER AND PIVOT POINT COMBINE: The Beekeeper Group, a Washington public affairs firm, has acquired Pivot Point Communications, a public relations and marketing firm based in Alexandria, Va. Vanessa French, Pivot Point’s president and lead strategist, and Casey Kincheloe, Pivot Point’s creative director and new media strategist, are joining Beekeeper’s leadership team. HOW BOEING’S CHIEF EXECUTIVE CHANGED TRUMP’S MIND: Donald Trump called the Export-Import Bank — reviled by the House Freedom Caucus and other conservatives as a symbol of “crony capitalism” — “unnecessary” during the campaign. “But that view changed earlier this year after he talked to Boeing Co. CEO Dennis Muilenburg, who explained to him what role the bank plays, according to people familiar with the matter,” The Wall Street Journal’s Eli Stokols and Michael C. Bender report. “In a recent meeting with lawmakers, Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D., N.D.) urged Mr. Trump to fill the bank’s board vacancies, and the president told Ms. Heitkamp that he agreed with her that the posts—which require a presidential nomination—should be filled.” Full story. CHARITIES STICK WITH MAR-A-LAGO: A number of Florida charitable donors unhappy with President Donald Trump’s policies demanded earlier this year that charities stop holding their events at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort, The Palm Beach Post’s Alexandra Clough reports. “A few charities, hoping to minimize backlash, agreed to look for ‘neutral’ venues. But in interviews with numerous charities, donors, event planners and venues, it now seems that most, if not all, charities will stay put at Trump properties for the 2017-18 winter season. This is the case even if Trump’s policies appear to contradict the very causes for which the charities seek to raise money.” Full story. SPOTTED: At a “fireside chat” about Amazon’s rooftop solar panel initiative last night at the company’s Washington offices, according to a PI tipster: Amazon’s Kara Hurst and Tom Chandlee, who led the discussion; Yuri Horwitz of Sol Systems, who moderated; Carrie Annand of the Biomass Power Association; Brandon Audap of the Solar Energy Industries Association; Blaise Sheridan of Sen. Al Franken’s office; Linda Church Ciocci of the National Hydropower Association; Gil Jenkins, Lesley Hunter, James Hewett, Greg Westrup, Scott Clausen and Anna Hahnemann of the American Council on Renewable Energy, which hosted the event with Amazon; Bud DeFlaviis of the Fuel Cell and Hydrogen Energy Association; Katharine Lister and T.A. Hawks of Monument Policy Group; and Brian Huseman, Andrea Fava, Shannon Kellogg, Kate Viar, Charlotte Newman and Jena Gross of Amazon. ON THE CALENDAR: “Top insurance officials from across the country are scheduled to meet with [Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services] Administrator Seema Verma on Tuesday as the Trump administration weighs a decision that could determine the future viability of the Obamacare markets,” POLITICO’s Paul Demko reports. “Executives from America’s Health Insurance Plans, the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association and many of the country’s largest regional plans are among those expected to attend the gathering. The list of health plans that have confirmed attendance includes Molina Healthcare, Geisinger Health Plan, Oscar Insurance Company, Kaiser Permanente and Health Care Service Corp.” NEW JOINT FUNDRAISERS: MacArthur-Donovan Victory Fund (Rep. Dan Donovan, Rep. Tom MacArthur, NRCC) NEW PACs: Fight Back PAC (Super PAC) Friend Group (PAC) NEW LOBBYING REGISTRATIONS: Alston & Bird LLP: Burd Health LLC Atlantic Strategies Group LLC: Aurora Flight Sciences Corp. Atlantic Strategies Group LLC: Sarcos Corp. BC Consulting, LLC: Border Trade Alliance BGR Government Affairs: Cognizant Technology Solutions Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP: CoBank Capitol Tax Partners, LLP: Charter Communications Cassidy & Associates, Inc. (formerly known as Cassidy & Associates): Drone Shield Cassidy & Associates, Inc. (formerly known as Cassidy & Associates): Fulcrum Bioenergy Cassidy & Associates, Inc. (formerly known as Cassidy & Associates): Proof Point Systems Crowell & Moring LLP: North Star Minerals Inc. Daley Policy Group: Rockdale County Board of Commissioners Davidoff Hutcher & Citron, LLP: H2o Engineering Inc Downs Government Affairs: Portland Community College Economic Policy Strategies: Smart Growth America FaegreBD Consulting: Energy Fuels Resources Inc. Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP: Koch Industries Greenberg Traurig, LLP: GlobalFoundries U.S. Inc. Hilltop Advocacy: Solutions for Change Holland & Knight LLP: Google (on behalf of Waymo LLC) Holland & Knight LLP: Resolve Marine Group, Inc. Ice Miller LLP: American Health Care Association Jackson Vaughn Public Strategies: Smart Payment Plan Jeffrey J. Kimbell & Associates, Inc.: Zimmer, Inc. McGuireWoods Consulting (A Subsidiary of McGuireWoods LLP): Physician Hospitals of America (PHA) Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, Inc.: VMware, Inc. Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: City of Harvard, IL Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: CoxHealth Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Greenville College Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Living Water International Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Nutrition and Education International Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Oneida Healthcare Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Parkinson's Institute and Clinical Center Merchant Mcintyre & Associates, LLC: Pine Rest Christian Mental Health Services Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Rehoboth McKinley Christian Health Care Services Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Susan B. Allen Memorial Hospital Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Westmont College Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: White River Health System Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, LLP: Fidia Pharma USA Ogilvy Government Relations: Facebook, Inc. Peck Madigan Jones: Munich American Reassurance Company Peck Madigan Jones: SCOR Reinsurance Co. Peck Madigan Jones: Service Year Alliance Peyser Associates LLC: City of Carlsbad, CA Pinnacle Engineering and Management Solutions: HawkEye 360 Quantum International, LLC: GHO Ventures, LLC Republic Consulting, LLC: A&W Restaurants, Inc. Robin Walker: The Foundation for Government Accountability S-3 Group: American Rheinmetall Systems, LLC S-3 Group: National Business Aviation Association Squire Patton Boggs: Hillsborough County Strategic Marketing Group, LLC: Strategic Marketing Group, LLC Strategos Public Affairs: Education Corporation of America The D Major Group: The Doctors Hospital at Renaissance The Madison Group: National Urban League The McKeon Group, Inc.: Dorelita Limited Upstream Consulting, Inc.: Aegerion Pharmaceuticals A Novelion Therapeutics Company Van Fleet Associates: Power Pack GP lobbying for client Vital Construction Electric Vantageknight, Inc.: Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company Vantageknight, Inc.: The Conservation Trust of Puerto Welsh Rose, LLC: Partnership for Quality Home Health NEW LOBBYING TERMINATIONS: Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld: Bay Mills Community College Bloom Strategic Counsel: MillerCoors LLC Borski Associates: City Of Philadelphia Cavarocchi Ruscio Dennis Associates, L.L.C.: American Educational Research Association Constantine Cannon, LLP: America's Specialty Medicine Companies (comprised of participants on line 13) Constantine Cannon, LLP: Gazelle, Inc. Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP: U S Chamber Institute For Legal Reform Gephardt Group Government Affairs: Great Plains Institute Gephardt Group Government Affairs: Greenidge Generation LLC Group Health Cooperative: Group Health Cooperative Hammer Associates, LLC: Furman Group Liberty Partners Group, LLC: McKesson Corporation and its Affiliate U.S. Oncology (formerly US Oncology) Liberty Partners Group, LLC: Preferred Vascular Group (Cardiovascular Coalition) Liberty Partners Group, LLC: Radiation Therapy Alliance Inc LNE Group: Zimmer Maxim Healthcare Services, Inc.: Maxim Healthcare Services, Inc. Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, Inc.: Electronic Retailing Association Mercury: American Public University System Mercury: BYD Mercury: Laurate Education Inc. Mercury: Libertas Foundation, Inc. Mercury: Organik Kimya Mercury: Rewalk Robotics Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, LLP: Catalent, Inc. Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough: Bactes Imaging Solutions, LLC Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough: Karim Wade Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough: Shorelight Education Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP: Semiconductor Industry Association Paul McHale: C4 Planning Solutions LLC Porter Group, LLC: LottoInteractive, Inc. Porter Group, LLC: Missouri Association of Sheltered Workshop Managers Porter Group, LLC: Seecon Financial & Construction Co., Inc. Reardon Consulting, LLC: Senior Care Pharmacy Coalition Reed Smith LLP: Second Sight Medical Products, Inc. The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: AIM North America - AIT Alliance The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Columbus State Community College The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Friends of Breakthrough Charter Schools The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: ID Integration, Inc The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Kenosha Visiting Nurse Association The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Measurement Resources The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Mexicans and Americans Thinking Together Foundation Inc. The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Nationwide Children's Hospital The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: North America Trading Together (NATT) The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: The Visiting Nurse Association of Ohio The Washington Tax & Public Policy Group (formerly The Washington Tax Group): R&D Alternative Simplified Credit Coalition Van Fleet Associates: Innovative Biodefense Van Fleet Associates: Synthetic Turf Council Washington Partners, LLC: Council of Parent Attorneys and Advocates, Inc. Washington Partners, LLC: National Center For Special Education In Charter Schools Washington Partners, LLC: National Council Of Teachers Of English Wheat Government Relations: American Association of Nurse Practitioners « View Archives Authors: Theodoric Meyer tmeyer@politico.com About The Author Theodoric Meyer covers lobbying for POLITICO and writes the POLITICO Influence newsletter. He previously covered the 2016 campaign for POLITICO and worked as a reporting fellow for ProPublica in New York. He was a lead reporter on ProPublica’s “After the Flood” series on the federal government’s troubled flood insurance program, which won the Deadline Club Award for Local Reporting. He’s a graduate of McGill University and Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics If Trump Fired Bannon, Would He Seek Revenge? Ex-acting CIA chief: Trump is making North Korea situation worse Can Washington’s Original Dealmaker Survive Trump? Obamacare repeal bill is the zombie GOP can’t kill — or bring back to life White House says it won't make visitor logs public N. Korean official: North Korea ready to go to war if that's what Trump wants White House showdown on Paris deal set for next week At least 36 ISIS militants killed in 'mother of all bombs' strike in Afghanistan Nikki Haley denies having presidential ambitions POLITICO Influence - POLITICO Archive Friday, 4/14/17 Thursday, 4/13/17 Wednesday, 4/12/17 Tuesday, 4/11/17 Monday, 4/10/17 View the Full POLITICO Influence Archives » Politico Magazine Just What Is Trump Trying to Do in Syria? By Daniel Benjamin and Steven Simon The Post Pours Some Sugar on Gary Cohn By Jack Shafer How Donald Trump Blew Up the Virginia Governor’s Race By Kevin Robillard The President Doesn’t Need a Trump Doctrine By Richard Fontaine More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 823.56 -0.76 FCC filing reveals that Google is working on a new mesh Wifi router Abner Li - Apr. 14th 2017 12:10 pm PT @technacity Google WiFi View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Despite the original product only having been released in December, a new Google Wifi already appears to be in the works. According to FCC filings that surfaced today, the general form factor and functionality is mostly unchanged. Nintendo Switch With Google requesting confidentiality for the majority of details, documents do confirm that the device in question is a dual-band Wi-Fi router with mesh networking capabilities. Carrying model number AC-1304 (versus NLS-1304-25 for the original), the bottom label also has a help URL to g.co/wificare. Judging from the two available images, this router might be slightly more oval-shaped than the original circle. It still features two Ethernet ports and one input for power. Test reports mention 2.4GHz and Bluetooth 4.0 for connectivity. Android Police notes that support for the ZigBee IoT protocol is absent. While hardware for the spec shipped in both Google Wifi and OnHub, it was never enabled in software. This FCC filing comes as rumors suggest that the next Google Home will include mesh Wi-Fi networking. If Google is combining smart speakers and connectivity together, Google will likely still sell a regular standalone router. Given that the original Google Wifi only began shipping in December, it’s slightly surprising for a new model to already be at the certification stage. New Google WiFi Original Google WiFi Abner Li @technacity Is interested in the minutiae of Google and Alphabet. Tips/talk: abner@9to5g.com Favorite Gear Fitbit Charge 2 Breath of the Wild Joy-Con Guides Google WiFi View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Theme Welcome · log in · join Show navigation Hide navigation Home Reviews How Charts Latest Speed Test Run Test Run Ping History Preferences Results Run Streams Servers Country Tools Intro FAQ Line Quality Smoke Ping Tweak Test Line Monitor Monitor Groups My IP is Whois Calculator Tool Points News News tip? Forums All Forums Hot Topics Gallery Info Hardware All FAQs Site FAQ DSL FAQ Cable Tech About contact about us community ISP FAQ Add ISP ISP Ind. Forums Join   Forum Topic: San Antonio, Google Fiber Debate 'Fiber Huts' by Karl Bode Friday Apr 14 2017 12:00 EDT Users in our Google Fiber forum discuss San Antonio's ongoing standoff with Google Fiber over "fiber hut" placement ahead of a broader deployment of gigabit fiber service in the city. Local residents want the service, but weren't keen on Google and the city's decision to begin placing such huts in public park space -- without giving local residents much of a heads up. tags: Fiber · business · gigabit News Jump Networking 101: HomePNAComcast Will Soon be Free of NBC Merger ConditionsWeekend Open Thread!Friday Morning LinksDish, AT&T, Comcast & T-Mobile Big Winners in Spectrum AuctionFCC Tags Former Charter Lawyer to Head Consumer Affairs BureauHulu's New Live Streaming TV Service to Cost $40 Per MonthGet Official, Private ISP Support Right Here at DSLReports.com»Forum Topic: San Antonio, Google Fiber Debate 'Fiber Huts'VPN Traffic, Use Spikes in Wake of Death of User Privacy Rules----------------------this weeklast weekmost discussed News ISP News Got news? Tools Speed Test Smokeping Ping Test 24x7 Broadband Monitor ISP Reviews Review an ISP Latest GBU Information Hardware FAQs Community Join Welcome Members For Sale Forums All Forums DSLReports Feedback About Contact FAQ Terms of Use Privacy Follow Site Mobile mode DSLReports.com © DSLReports.com Est. 1999 Saturday, 15-Apr 03:07:41 Hosted by Liquid Networks
Politics World Culture Arts & Letters Archive Subscribe Donate Blogs State of the Union Rod Dreher Daniel Larison Daniel McCarthy Noah Millman Prufrock Jonathan Coppage Gracy Olmstead New Urbs BLOGS POLITICS WORLD CULTURE REPOSITORY NEW URBANISM ABOUT DONATE The Five Most Powerful Populist Uprisings in U.S. History The Muslim ‘Issue’ in the French Campaign Why Taxes Are Such a Pain Why Russia Supports Assad United Blew It, but End the Passenger’s Pity Party France Still Matters Does a Close Race in Kansas Bode Poorly for the GOP? France: Veering Left? Right? Will Russiagate Become Obamagate? Memo for McMaster Rod Dreher E-mail Rod Follow @roddreher Zuckerberging Public Discourse By Rod Dreher • April 14, 2017, 3:04 PM Tweet Do you want this man deciding what you can and cannot see? (Frederic Legrand-COMEO/Shutterstock) Two readers tell me that Facebook will not let them post a link to yesterday’s entry here in which I criticize LGBT rights groups who are trying to get all those who oppose their goals labeled as haters and bigots. All my post does is criticize them as trying to shut down free speech and open discourse by calling dissenters bigots. But this is apparently too much for Facebook (or its algorithms) to tolerate. This put me in mind of Nicholas Carr’s blog post from a few weeks ago, in which he criticized FB founder Mark Zuckerberg’s most recent “message” to the world. Carr begins: The word “community” appears, by my rough count, 98 times in Mark Zuckerberg’s latest message to the masses. In a post-fact world, truth is approached through repetition. The message that is transmitted most often is the fittest message, the message that wins. Verification becomes a matter of pattern recognition. It’s the epistemology of the meme, the sword by which Facebook lives and dies. Today I want to focus on the most important question of all: are we building the world we all want? It’s a good question, though I’m not sure there is any world that we all want, and if there is one, I’m not sure Mark Zuckerberg is the guy I’d appoint to define it. And yet, from his virtual pulpit, surrounded by his 86 million followers, the young Facebook CEO hesitates not a bit to speak for everyone, in the first person plural. There is no opt-out to his “we.” It’s the default setting and, in Zuckerberg’s totalizing utopian vision, the setting is hardwired, universal, and nonnegotiable. Right. Who is “we,” Kemo Sabe? Carr continues taking apart Zuckerberg’s message, pointing out its author’s assumption that all communities share the same values. Zuckerberg says that “churches” and “sports teams” are examples of local groups that help build social infrastructure. Carr remarks: Zuckerberg’s conflation of religion and sports is odd but illuminating. In his view, the tenets of a religion matter no more than the rules of a game; what’s essential about a church and a sports team is that they both form social infrastructure that serves to “bring us together and reinforce our values.” It’s only by separating individual beliefs from community formation, and then pretending those beliefs don’t really matter, that Zuckerberg is able to sustain the fantasy that all sub-communities share a set of values — values that derive from community itself, independent of the members’ motivations in forming a group. These common values play the same role in building a global community that common standards play in building the internet: they enable seamless interconnectivity. Zuckerberg remains oblivious to the fact that a sub-community, particularly a religious one, may be formed on a foundation of belief that is incompatible with, and in opposition to, the beliefs of the surrounding community. As the Wall Street Journal‘s Ian Lovett writes today in an article on a traditionalist Catholic community that has grown around a Benedictine monastery in Oklahoma, “The 100 or so people living here are part of a burgeoning movement among traditional Christians. Feeling besieged by secular society, they are taking refuge in communities like this one, clustered around churches and monasteries, where faith forms the backbone of daily life.” Such communities are very different from sports teams. Their formative beliefs aren’t some sort of standardized Lego infrastructure that enables the expression of universal community values. The beliefs of the individuals in the community are the values of the community, and they are anything but common standards. One more passage from Carr, highlighting the techno-utopianism in Zuckerberg’s worldview: Tension and conflict, then, become technical problems, amenable to technical solutions. And so, rather than questioning Facebook’s assumptions about society — might global community-building, pursued through media structures, end up encouraging polarization and tribalism? — and the role the company plays in society, Zuckerberg ends up back where he always ends up: with a batch of new hacks. There will be new algorithmic filters, new layers of artificial intelligence, new commenting and rating systems, new techniques for both encryption and surveillance. The bugs — bad actors and bad code — will be engineered out of the system. Zuckerberg’s program, as Ars Technica’s Annalee Newitz points out, is filled with contradictions, which he either won’t acknowledge or, thanks to his techno-utopian tunnel vision, can’t see. He makes a big deal, for instance, of a new initiative through which Facebook will provide management tools for organizing what he calls “very meaningful” communities — groups characterized by passionate members under the direction of a strong leader. The example Zuckerberg offers — a group dedicated to helping refugees find homes — sounds great, but it’s not hard to see how such tools, deployed in the context of Facebook’s emotionalist echo chamber, could be used to mobilize some very nasty groups, of just the sort that Facebook is hoping to purge from its network. “The best communities in the world have leaders,” Zuckerberg said in an interview promoting his so-called manifesto. So do the worst, Mark. Read the whole thing. Carr is correct, obviously. But one has to wonder: do you really want people with a Silicon Valley view of the world determining the boundaries of discourse for  a global community? Remember the 2014 revelation that back in 2012, Facebook conducted an experiment to control what appeared in the newsfeeds of 700,000 users, to see if it could manipulate their moods (it could)? Facebook gives the illusion that the only curators of what appears there are its users — but this is not so. I would be pleased if Facebook banned neo-Nazi propaganda and suchlike, and I presume that it is either doing so or working towards doing so. But when Facebook is administered by Californians who cannot tell the difference between conservative Christians defending free speech and open discourse, and Hitlerians dedicated to ethnic cleansing, how can you trust their judgment about what constitutes “meaningful” communities, versus those that need to be pushed to the margins and exiled from the greater community? Last year in The New York Times, Jonathan Taplin warned about Facebook’s (and Google’s) growing monopoly over information delivery. Excerpt: The former editor of The Guardian, Alan Rusbridger, estimated that Facebook had “sucked up $27 million” of the paper’s projected digital advertising revenue in the last year by essentially keeping Guardian readers on Facebook, rather than linking them to the Guardian site. “They are taking all the money,” he noted. “They have algorithms we don’t understand, which are a filter between what we do and how people receive it.” But the problem isn’t just for musicians, authors, filmmakers or even the phone company. As the former Google “design ethicist” Tristan Harris wrote, “If you control the menu, you control the choices.” We have ceded much of our freedom to choose by giving networks like Google and Facebook control of the menu (Google’s search rankings and Facebook’s Newsfeed). How that menu is determined by these black box algorithms isn’t known by anyone outside those companies. As more and more of our lives become digital, these new algorithms will assume more power over our lives. Next week, I will be writing much more about Taplin’s new book on this topic, Move Fast And Break Things, which is set for April 18 publication. Taplin’s cultural politics are very different from my own, but we share concern over what this monopoly means. Last December, an ACLU lawyer wrote about his concerns over Facebook’s censorship policy. Excerpt: But for Facebook to assume the burden of trying to solve a larger societal problem of fake news by tweaking these algorithms would likely just make the situation worse. To its current role as commercially motivated curator of things-that-will-please-its-users would be added a new role: guardian of the social good. And that would be based on who-knows-what judgment of what that good might be at a given time. If the company had been around in the 1950s and 1960s, for example, how would it have handled information about Martin Luther King, Malcolm X, gay rights, and women’s rights? A lot of material that is now seen as vital to social progress would then have been widely seen as beyond the pale. The company already has a frightening amount of power, and this would increase it dangerously. We wouldn’t want the government doing this kind of censorship—that would almost certainly be unconstitutional—and many of the reasons that would be a bad idea would also apply to Facebook, which is the government of its own vast realm. For one thing, once Facebook builds a giant apparatus for this kind of constant truth evaluation, we can’t know in what direction it may be turned. What would Donald Trump’s definition of “fake news” be? The ACLU’s ideal is that a forum for free expression that is as central to our national political conversations as Facebook has become would not feature any kind of censorship or other interference with the neutral flow of information. It already does engage in such interference in response to its commercial interest in tamping down the uglier sides of free speech, but to give Facebook the role of national Guardian of Truth would exponentially increase the pitfalls that approach brings. The company does not need to interfere more heavily in Americans’ communications. We would like to see Facebook go in the other direction, becoming more transparent about the operation of its algorithms to ordinary users, and giving them an ever-greater degree of control over how that algorithm works. In related news, students at Duquesne University, a Catholic college, are upset because Chick-fil-A might bring some of its bigot Christian chicken nuggets to campus: At the March 26 Student Government Association meeting, Senator at Large Niko Martini proposed that the SGA pass a resolution asking the university to reconsider the inclusion of Chick-fil-A as a dining option for students. Martini is on the Lambda executive board. He clarified that he made the proposal on his own behalf and not Lambda’s. “Chick-fil-A has a questionable history on civil rights and human rights,” he said in a statement to The Duke. “I think it’s imperative the university chooses to do business with organizations that coincide with the [university’s] mission and expectations they give students regarding diversity and inclusion.” The SGA Senate did not pass any resolution but agreed to consider an alternate resolution to vett the Chick-fil-A Express, which senators tabled for the April 9 SGA meeting to allow time to research the concerns. More: Lambda President Rachel Coury personally said she worries the safety provided by Gay-Straight Alliance might be in jeopardy. “I’ve tried very hard within the last semester and a half to promote this safe environment for the LGBTQ+ community,” Coury said. “So I fear that with the Chick-fil-A being in Options that maybe people will feel that safe place is at risk.” So now chicken nuggets are kryptonite for the Social Justice Warriors? As ridiculous as this sounds — as ridiculous as this is — the people running Facebook are far more likely to trend SJW in their worldview. And as Jonathan V. Last reports in the Weekly Standard, regarding the Human Rights Campaign and its Jesse Jackson-style shakedown of health care institutions, this stuff is not about fairness, but about power. Remember, the most potent manifestation of media bias is not in the stories themselves, but in what the media allow to be published or broadcast.  Tagged Chick-Fil-A, Facebook, Nicholas Carr, Mark Zuckerberg, Jonathan Taplin. MORE FROM THIS AUTHOR People of the Nookie The Empty Liberalism Of Harvard’s Satanist Enablers Hide 17 comments 17 Responses to Zuckerberging Public Discourse Adamant says: April 14, 2017 at 3:26 pm “There is no opt-out to his “we.” It’s the default setting and, in Zuckerberg’s totalizing utopian vision, the setting is hardwired, universal, and nonnegotiable.” This is wrong and lazy in equal measure. There is a literal opt-out from Zuckerberg’s totalizing utopian vision (likewise with Twitter or any media): you opt out. Shut it down, turn it off, disconnect, delete. With FB especially, you are neither the buyer, nor the seller, you are the *product*. Every click, every like, every retweet has a monetary value to someone, probably for purposes you won’t like. Whether we allow ourselves to remain so is on us. Dan Lo-Pan says: April 14, 2017 at 3:36 pm I had no problem posting the link to that column on my Facebook page. Sam says: April 14, 2017 at 4:16 pm The fact remains Facebook is a private company that allows its users to use its product for free, in exchange for agreeing to their terms and conditions. They can censor whomever and whatever they please, as long as they comply with federal laws regarding anti-discrimination, etc. And that’s the way it should be. We wouldn’t want the government performing this kind of censorship…but they’re *not* the government. Nobody elected Mark Zuckerberg to anything. You don’t have to use his website. The only reason Facebook has so much power over our discourse is because millions and millions of people have enthusiastically *given* him that power. Antonia says: April 14, 2017 at 5:40 pm I hope this makes it clear that using Facebook as the platform to share resources for BenOp communities is a non-starter. JohnE_o says: April 14, 2017 at 5:43 pm I don’t use Facebook so I’m not censored by them. Moreover, you have the option of starting a Facebook equivalent that doesn’t censor you – let a thousand Web portals bloom. Giuseppe Scalas says: April 14, 2017 at 5:46 pm I’m not on facebook. If I haven’t seen or known about somebody since twenty years there’s a reason. Siarlys Jenkins says: April 14, 2017 at 6:09 pm Who is “we,” Kemo Sabe? Yes, this is the question of our age, every time somebody opens his mouth or runs fingers over his keyboard to characterize “Us” or “You People.” Anne says: April 14, 2017 at 6:25 pm I wish student activists and others concerned about minority civil rights would drop the “safe places” jargon. That’s really what it is, psychologist-approved language for dealing with conflict, which sounds goofy enough when individuals use it in couples counseling or anger management classes. But in politics or real-life situations where many shades of bigotry may be involved, it only serves to embolden bullies, on the one hand, and encourage mockery on the other. As for Zuckerberg and Facebook policy, if free speech is truly being infringed, remember offline this is still a free country. You can publicize the facts elsewhere (e.g., here), and if you’re sure you’re your right, boycott. Of course, if you’re not, this could turn out to be just one more example of rightwing paranoia, serving to bolster leftwing opinion that people who harbor “anti-LGBT” ideas are unhinged and therefore potentially dangerous. And back we all go to the psychologist’s couch. Ugh. Potato says: April 14, 2017 at 6:56 pm Shut it down, turn it off, disconnect, delete. But you didn’t, Adamant. And I didn’t either. Because we’re still here. It’s not just Facebook. The tentacles of this thing are everywhere, including on this site. For example, The American Conservative, this very site, has no fewer than eleven trackers gathering our comments and our information, certainly for sale, including three advertising trackers. (I have software to block this activity, which I highly recommend. Does this really work? I don’t know.) Just where exactly is this data going? What use will it be put to? With FB especially, you are neither the buyer, nor the seller, you are the *product*. Every click, every like, every retweet has a monetary value to someone, probably for purposes you won’t like. Whether we allow ourselves to remain so is on us. And how are we to protect ourselves exactly? While you and I remain active on this blog, we are the product here too. Nate says: April 14, 2017 at 7:30 pm I honestly don’t think the world that these thinly-veiled totalitarian enforcers are trying to create can ever hold. It’s one thing to declare truth dead and universal morality a construct, but it’s quite another to rally anyone to your flag when your flag is… well, nothing but a bare flag pole. Can a world that cannot survive the imposition of chicken nuggets really last? Does it have enough intellectual rigour and ideological fortitude? I think not, but that is not to say it won’t leave some lasting scars. I personally think that whatever the millennial/progressive worldview brings will die out quickly, succumbing to its own hollowness, but it will set the stage for whatever comes next. What comes next might be a Gen Z reversion to values of liberty and traditionalism. Maybe. It might be a new type of nationalism – which itself could be very healthy or unhealthy. It might be a far-right movement that seizes the moment and exploits the destruction of core values that underpin freedom, or it might be an even farther left movement than we have today that does the same. I just get the sense that we’re trashing something right now without any clue of what we wish to rebuild, and history tells us these are the most dangerous times. MH - Secular Misanthropist says: April 14, 2017 at 7:54 pm Google “people who don’t use facebook are happier” JonF says: April 14, 2017 at 8:45 pm It posted OK for me too. I wonder if your readers hit a glitchy moment in Facebook. I’ve had things there vanish into the Land of Lost Things too. Kid Charlemagne says: April 14, 2017 at 9:08 pm @Dan Lo-Pan Me neither Ken'ichi says: April 14, 2017 at 9:11 pm “In his view, the tenets of a religion matter no more than the rules of a game; what’s essential about a church and a sports team is that they both form social infrastructure that serves to “bring us together and reinforce our values.” It’s only by separating individual beliefs from community formation, and then pretending those beliefs don’t really matter, that Zuckerberg is able to sustain the fantasy that all sub-communities share a set of values” This is much along the line of what Winnifred Sullivan says in The Impossibility of Religious Freedom. American “religious freedom” has only “worked” by essentially “Protestantizing” and narrowing definitions of religion to being “to whom one prays” and “which church/synagogue/temple one attends” and little more than “holdays and costumes” trappings, a near-nothing. “But one has to wonder: do you really want people with a Silicon Valley view of the world determining the boundaries of discourse for a global community?” Well, somebody is. Because every community has its sacred values and “boundaries of discourse” which are policed, with an “inner path”, and the punisments for heretics who take the “outer path”. Those values, those boundaries, are always those of the ruling elite. Thus, the only question is who are to be those rulers, whose values and boundaries are enforced. It looks clear to me that Zuckerberg and “Silicon Valley” are part of your current ruling elite. Are there any amongst you who can hope to match and counter their power and might and overthrow them? Or are there any outside powers you might prefer, that you might turn to and plead to overthrow the “Silicon Valley” elite and rule you better in their place? Ken'ichi says: April 14, 2017 at 9:25 pm “All my post does is criticize them as trying to shut down free speech and open discourse by calling dissenters bigots.” But don’t you understand that if you stand up for “free speech” for those dubbed bigots, you risk ruining “free speech” for the nice, moderate liberals by causing it to be associated with those awful, offensive bigots, and thus rendered a “right-winger thing” like “family values”, and thus icky and Untouchable for all right-thinking, high-status people? And so that if you really care about free speech, the best thing folks like you can do is sit down and be quiet? If not, then “Scott Alexander” Siskind will helpfully explain it to you here. John says: April 14, 2017 at 11:13 pm Wow. Let me just say that I see two cases of outrage porn here, the first with Rod over Facebook, and the second with the Nico Martini and Rachel Coury. FB is not a community. FB in fact, is not composed of any communities. Having 5 or 1000 Facebook “friends” mean nothing. FB is a tool – a means to communicate more often than not with friends and family. And if FB engineers a “community” out of his cyberspace a rival can come around and supply the alternative. Oh wait. There’s twitter. The protest over chick filet is even more ridiculous. How, on earth, can the sale of chicken lead to a traumatic experience. I can see how,l one can get outraged if a cashier’s standard greeting included “and you f-gs must change your ways before we serve you” but that is never going to happen. Do the chickens come with an picture excorcising the gay out of a lesbian or something? now I am going into shock. Not because some university decided to allow chick fillet to sell their product. No. I am going into shock because my people are making a big deal out of a big nothing. The owner may use his profits for antigay purposes but he wouldn’t be so dumb as to use his business to market his brand of religion on a daily basis. And if the progressives feel they cannot support the business they could always get their food elsewhere. By all means protest the owner’s politics. I have no problem with that. But say this does not promote a safe environment?” Eye roll. Substandard chicken should be on the last thing LGBTA students and their allies should be complaining about and protesting over this only hurts the greater cause. John says: April 14, 2017 at 11:22 pm And another thing: One would think that a student who was forced to sit in class and here a debate about his or her self worth as an LGBTA student would come out more damaged psychologically from that than the mere presence of a chicken store. The fact that most of these students tune that out and fight for their right to be with same-sex lovers tells me that this Chick filet opening really shouldn’t concern them. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   The Five Most Powerful Populist Uprisings in U.S. History The Muslim ‘Issue’ in the French Campaign Why Taxes Are Such a Pain Why Russia Supports Assad United Blew It, but End the Passenger’s Pity Party France Still Matters Does a Close Race in Kansas Bode Poorly for the GOP? France: Veering Left? Right? Will Russiagate Become Obamagate? Memo for McMaster The Five Most Powerful Populist Uprisings in U.S. History The Muslim ‘Issue’ in the French Campaign Why Taxes Are Such a Pain Why Russia Supports Assad United Blew It, but End the Passenger’s Pity Party France Still Matters Does a Close Race in Kansas Bode Poorly for the GOP? France: Veering Left? Right? Will Russiagate Become Obamagate? Memo for McMaster Sean Spicer’s Holocaust Gaffe Don’t Start a New Cold War Over Syria Get updates from The American Conservative Sign Up BLOGS Rod Dreher Daniel Larison Noah Millman Daniel McCarthy New Urbs CATEGORIES Politics World Culture Arts & Letters New Urbanism The Repository ABOUT US Who We Are FAQ Comments Policy Jobs/Internships Masthead Contact TAC THE MAGAZINE Subscribe Archive Change Address Customer Service Donate Advertise ×
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 108 Plus 1 on G+ 218 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares391 Android OS Legal Marshmallow 6.0 News Nexus 6P The Android hardware space is fast beginning to look like a watered down episode of Suits. Following on from news earlier in the week that LG is facing a bootloop lawsuit regarding several of its phones, Huawei's Nexus 6P could be responsible for Google encountering a similar inconvenience. As well as being accused of the same bootloop problem that has blighted LG devices, there are reports from consumers that the Nexus 6P has a premature battery shutdown problem. We reported late last year that certain Huawei Nexus 6Ps were suffering from the early shutdown problem, causing them to die with as much as 60% battery still indicated. Now, law firm Chimicles & Tikellis LLP is investigating the possibility of bringing a class action lawsuit against Google on behalf of customers who have faced this issue. Also included in any potential suit would be the same bootloop issue that has also affected owners of the LG Nexus 5X. The problems have mostly been reported by users running Android 7.0 Nougat, but there are also claims that backpedalling to Marshmallow 6.0 on the same devices doesn't fix anything. Neither Google nor Huawei seems to be taking either responsibility or action to resolve issues such as these. While Google is aware of the problems, having assigned both the shutdown and bootloop issues in its tracker, its official position is that those affected by the issue should reach out to customer support for a replacement device. But customers going directly to Huawei about the fault are also out of luck, as they are being told that the problem is with the software and not the hardware, and thus not an issue covered by the manufacturer's warranty - whether it's still in date or not. This is a very frustrating situation for the consumer when neither company seems willing to investigate properly or hold their hands up. Let us know in the comments if any of you Nexus 6P owners have experienced either issue. We'll report back with any further developments as they come in. Source: Chimicles & Tikellis LLP Tags bootloop Google huawei lawsuit nexus 6p subscribe ... Previous Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support ... Next Story What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments ←  Older Comments  → IsaacJacobs Boot loop here. Thankfully our Ombudsman financially bullies the carrier until we get a resolution in Australia. Got a free refurb replacement, hopefully won't suffer the same. Matthew Hanson Mine seems to love to die around 10%. As a few others have stated, the low power notification will appear, I will use it for a few minutes and then it powers off. The battery history shows this steep cliff falloff after beginning the recharging and power on. Melad360 i always saw my 6p shut off as soon as the power saving mode came on at 15% battery. this started to happen after an update, i think 7.0 or 7.1, never happened before that though Latheryin This really is a software issue with what they ship out to nexus devices. It also effects the nexus 6 from Motorola. Seems every nexus device that got 7.x has this issue. Packer Backer Nope, doesn't affect the Nexus 6. Provide some links or just don't comment. Latheryin Sorry not a baby sitter. Why not do some research before you post. Also might want to look at the source code and try to understand what you are talking about before posting. abrasive I myself did start to see this issue after about a year, but the device was easily replaced for another warranty-related issue. I would assume my clock was started over again. Not that I haven't seen the same problem on computers with old batteries, but I would hope to get substantially more mileage out of a battery. Nexus 6p Issues Its about time! There are so many issues with the Google branded phones, it doesn't make any sense. We have already reached out to the firm to provide any support they need in accomplishing their potential goal of this class action lawsuit. Its time someone sticks up for the consumers who have been ripped off by this multi-billion dollar company. In the mean time, please follow us on Twitter and sign our petition at Change.org regarding this very issue. We have a lot of signatures and would appreciate your's and your share as well. Thank you in advance! 3fren I'm seeing so many comments about the battery issue going away with just replacing it. I guess I have to give it try. I'm always cautious when it comes to replacing a OEM battery with a replica though. Doug The early shutdown has been an issue on my Nexus 6P ever since I upgraded to Android 7. This has been a frustrating experience - I cannot trust the phone to not die on me when I need it and find myself constant carrying an external battery pack so I can start my phone back up if it dies. P. Sherman Just get an iPhone. It has SIGNIFICANTLY LESS DEVASTATING defects and actually functional software Quality Control team. thereasoner Lol, iOS is the worst when it comes to software issues and iPhone hardware is junk. No Google devices have yet to suffer the nightmares that were error 53 and Touch Disease much less the related class action lawsuits against Apple because of them! Are you trying to be funny? Jon Puhl My 6P is absolutely absurd. It shuts down as high up as 51%, and almost always when the battery percentage is lower than 30%. I'm really upset about this, because it's Google's last Nexus flagship, and it can't even last a full two years without having this dumb battery problem. Daniel Orchard I got a full refund for my 6p, and bought a pixel xl, was out of pocket a little for the upgrade but device was just out of warranty so im still happy with the outcome. Props to Google store support. Yeah i still l got charged the pixel while waiting for the refund, took about 2 weeks to come through but they organised the return shipping etc just like an rma. Im actually really happy. Mine would shutdown between 15-30% and i only lived with that for 2 weeks before starting the process of fixing it. Yes it happened after moving to 7.0 and yes rolling back to 6.x did not fix it so im convinced its software, nfi why they havent rolled out a fix yet. I suggest doing the same because all replacement n6p are still vulnerable to the bug afaik. Morenicano Just wanna make sure I follow, You saying you had your 6P for more than a year and they authorized a refund? I ask because I just reached them for an exchange but if I can get a refund and upgrade to the Pixel, I'll do it. Morenicano Just a heads up, JUST I contacted Google through the support tab in the settings of my 6P and they warranty replaced both mine and my wife's 6P and we bought them through Project Fi in November 2015 with no extended warranty. They said it's a known issue and setup the replacement with no problem and it has next (business) day shipping for the new one and you send the old one back once you have the new one up and running. They do put a hold for the value of the phone on your card while they wait for the old one to come back but they don't charge you Cory Wilson Crybabies. Seriously, my phone developed the issue last week, contacted Google, now I'm rocking a brand new Nexus 6p. Luckily I happened to be on the last day of my warranty but I also got protect so even if I was out of warranty I wasn't paying another $500 again. Just call Google instead of your lawyers dumb asses Packer Backer Wow, a snowflake playing Internet tough guy. Brandon Andrews I had my Nexus 6P become bricked by the bootloop issue. I bought my phone through Best buy and was still well within my 1 year manufacturer warranty when the problem occurred. Unfortunately when I called Best buy customer service and asked how to take care of the situation they told me to send it to this company called Jeg & Sons to get the problem reviewed and a replacement. Needless to say there was like a month long ordeal of mix ups with this company before they finally sent my phone back and told me they don't deal with my phone. Finally I eventually figured out I needed to send my phone to Huawei and they replaced my phone no problem. Sarah Despars I've never had this issue with my 6p so far. Hopefully it doesn't start! k_nonymous I experience this exact same problem and it drives me nuts. Battery saver mode on my 6P is supposed to be activated at 15% battery. The phone shuts off before it ever gets to that point. Also, 95% battery life is equivalent to 1h 5m???? Packer Backer Well well, according to thereasoner he thinks it's your fault. gparmar76 This is 100% hardware related...If it was the OS, it would be a widespread issue across all Android 7 handsets...Huawei is using cheap batteries... People who like the phone should go buy a replacement from a company like Zero Lemon (if available)..Or just buy another stock battery. Kirkster My Nexus 6P is 11 months old, and so far the only anomaly I've had is that it spontaneously factory-reset while in my pants pocket about two weeks ago, which was annoying. I recovered from the cloud backup, which restored all my apps, settings, etc, and my photos were set to back up to Google photos. I lost my call log and SMS messages though, but luckily most of my messaging is via WhatsApp (which restored everything). Still, annoying. I now have a SMS+call log app installed in case it happens again. No battery problems *yet*, now I'm dreading the one-year mark, after reading all the comments. Chalet_Badger My 6P bootloops, i can get it to start normally when the battery is ~5% or so but it will freeze and start to bootloop about a minute or two after. Duane I've had no issue with my 6p. Sounds like an annoying issue from the comments here. Robert B I've been having this problem for a few months now...I carry external battery around all the time because you never know when it feels like it's going to shut off and not turn back on Packer Backer According to thereasoner, it's your fault. clarence jones My 6p did not have the random shutdown at a certain percent issue before. After the 7.1.2 update it would crash and restart when the camera app was opened. About two days after the update it started boot looping and nothing i have tried has gotten it to successfully boot again. Packer Backer Tell thereasoner because he thinks it's your fault. Spudos Woah I thought this was just me. My ending battery life varies wildly, sometimes dying at 15% and on bad days dying around 40-50%. I would replace the battery myself but the teardown process looks like it requires an electrical engineering degree. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. Maybe you should straighten him out. Đức Thành Maybe Google deserves to be sued. Kyle Zess I am plagued by this issue. My phone shutdown after 5 minutes of non charging use. Packer Backer thereasoner thinks it's your fault. David Vogt Only time mine would shut down early at 30% or less is if I was out in freezing cold weather, phone just didn't like freezing weather, keep it warm and it's fine blueman24 Just admit it that your "quick charge" bs killed the battery early. Truth hurts huh My Nexus 6p 128 was barely a year old and it never recovered from the bootloop issue where it would keep restarting and not getting past the Google screen then restart over and over, losing precious pictures and videos of my children. My sister's Nexus 5 eventually broke from the bootloop issue 3 months later. We both had the $80 warranty but it seemed unfair having to pay for a replacement REFURBISHED Nexus 6p when the damage was caused by bad software. Sucked how although Nexus/Google/Huwei knew of ongoing repeated problems a 6 -9 months earlier, yet FAILED to try to resolve or prevent the recurring boot loop issue from infecting more phones. Finally, a lawsuit is in place. Damani Boyce After 7.1.1 update my Nexus 6p got bootloop an can't be fixed shame on them not even a reply from Google or Huawei. thereasoner Many on here are saying that they had no problem getting it fixed/replaced. Packer Backer Yeah, it's ALL his fault.... Posts like yours make some people dream of twisting your head off. thereasoner Why would you say it's his fault? Smoking one to many fatties?, Lol. Razed Mine currently dies at around 10%. I use it moderately and have had it since launch. Got Nexus Protect, but that seems worthless as all reports are that using that service will just get me an even worse battery. thereasoner My Pixel has been great, I'll have to ask a friend at work about his 6p to see if he's having issues. By the sounds of it only a small percentage of devices are affected. Packer Backer Nexus 6 by Motorola was a better direction. Gordon Mine would shut off at 25% consistently. I called Huawei and they actually replaced the battery for free. I had to pay for shipping 1 way, but the covered the rest. I got my phone December 2015, and it was just replaced this February. Trey Bradshaw I haven't encountered any bootlooping and my phone doesn't shut off unless my battery drops to about 2%. olivrstal happens to my 6p quite a bit as well :( hope it's gonna make it till the pixel 2 comes out :D mrjoeyloke My wife just got the bootloop of death on her 6p. I think that might be a whole different issue though. Kuldeep Choudhary This happens when a gaint company like google hires a Chinese company to manufacture it's top line product. I'm using my motorola nexus 6 for 2.5 years and still not a single problem im facing and decided to keep it for 1 more year. Omar Al Matar Had the problem, I was out of warranty, called them, no frustration or arguments, 5 minutes i had the email to get my new phone, and i sent them the one i had, i was even out of the country. Now I got it to last me another year, so idk about y'all Kristen Oliver This happened with me until I replaced the battery... At my own cost. Funnily enough that is not a software issue 12321 Please click the links below for details of my experience, which is echoed by thousands of other Nexus 6P owners. My handle is 12321 http://forums.androidcentral.com/nexus-6p/770380-google-takes-no-responsibility-if-os-updates-cause-nexus-6p-devices-randomly-power-off.html https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/google-takes-responsibility-os-updates-t3559030 https://forum.xda-developers.com/nexus-6p/general/nexus-6p-randomly-shutting-50-youre-t3522911 https://androidforums.com/threads/7-1-1-from-google-how-is-your-battery-life-new-features.1099435/ ←  Older Comments  → Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 103 queries | 0.647s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYEarly Bird Prices Extended One Week Get Your Tickets Today Health Purple, a Utah mattress startup you’ve probably never heard of, is on track to unicorndom Apple might have a secret team working on glucose sensor technology for diabetes Little Spoon is a baby food delivery service hoping to fly where others flopped Browse more... Alphabet GV’s Tom Hulme on AI, life sciences and the Alphabet VC’s future in Europe Tizeti is bringing wireless internet to urban Africa Google expands its African initiatives Browse more... Google Google’s parental control software Family Link hits iOS Crunch Report | Instagram Stories Surpasses Snapchat Google Areo is a new app for ordering food or home services in India Browse more... verily Alphabet’s Verily life sciences company lands $800M investment from Temasek GlaxoSmithKline and Google’s life science wing form new bioelectronic medicine company Alphabet Gets A “V” By Renaming Google Life Sciences To “Verily” Browse more... smartwatches Pebble preps for the end of its smartwatch services Tag Heuer maintains its commitment to Android Wear with a $1,600 modular smartwatch The Gameband is the ultimate wrist gaming solution for playing Pong Browse more... Alphabet’s Verily offers a more serious take on health monitoring wearables with the Study Watch Posted 12 hours ago by Brian Heater (@bheater) 0 SHARES Next Story First round of Disrupt NY Hackathon tickets now available Designed with long-term medical research in mind, the Study Watch has a vastly different set of hardware requirements than your standard smartwatch. The device was designed by Verily, the “V” in Google’s Alphabet, which is devoted to serious medical studies like MS observation and contact lenses capable of monitoring wearers’ glucose level. The Study Watch will likewise be tasked with some important research, gathering vital signs for ongoing work like the Personalized Parkinson’s Project, which is investigating patterns in the disease’s progression and identifying the building blocks for a potential cure. The unassuming wearable will also be used for Baseline, a previously announced study dating back to 2014, which is designed to track the long-term vitals of 175 individuals, in an attempt to build “the fullest picture of what a healthy human being should be.” Google was the target of some online criticism when it referred to that project as a “moonshot,” a term the company has traditionally reserved for wild-eyed projects like self-driving cars and internet-delivering weather balloons. But while it doesn’t possess the glitz of those undertakings, it does point to the broader mission statement of Verily, to “collect and organize health data, then creating interventions and platforms that put insights derived from that health data to use for more holistic care management.” The Study Watch, accordingly, doesn’t possess the pizzazz of Google’s consumer electronics offerings, but from the sound of the company’s rundown, it’s built to be a workhorse. And the fact that it looks and acts like a standard wristwatch goes a ways toward making the data collection process less obtrusive than more traditional vital-gathering devices. And honestly, it’s not bad looking. The device sports a heavy-lifting process designed for real-time algorithmic computations. It’s also got a slew of sensors for collecting a lot more data that your standard heart-rate monitoring smartwatch. “Multiple physiological and environmental sensors are designed to measure relevant signals for studies spanning cardiovascular, movement disorders, and other areas,” says Verily in a post announcing the device. “Examples include electrocardiogram (ECG), heart rate, electrodermal activity, and inertial movements.” Battery life is also key here, as the device is meant to be worn for long stretches. Verily says it’s able to get a week on the device, thanks to what looks to be an e-ink-style always-on display. There’s also lot of on-board storage, so users don’t have to sync the device too often, which ought to help with the aforementioned unobtrusiveness. The official announcement of the device is pretty perfectly timed, arriving a day after rumors surfaced suggesting that Apple is getting more seriously into healthcare with a secret project designed to monitor glucose levels in diabetic patients. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Collaboration, Email, Video Streaming, Enterprise Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Alphabet Founded 2015 Overview Alphabet Inc. is the holding company for Google and several Google entities, including Google X, Google Ventures, Google Capital, Calico, and its Life Sciences efforts. On Monday, August 10th, 2015, CEO Larry Page announced the operational restructuring effort for Alphabet Inc. to replace Google Inc. as the official publicly-traded entity. He announced that all shares of Google would automatically … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Biotechnology, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Founders Larry Page Website https://abc.xyz/ Full profile for Alphabet Verily Founded 2015 Overview Verily aspires to create a world in which technology and life sciences are not distinct, but partners with a united mission. Formerly Google Life Sciences, Verily's mission is to bring together technology and life sciences to uncover new truths about health and disease. Verily's multidisciplinary teams have access to advanced research tools, large scale computing power, and unique technical expertise. … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Health Care, Personal Health, Data Mining Website https://verily.com/ Full profile for Verily Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Trailer...Woooah | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes verily smartwatches Google Alphabet Health Popular Posts Featured Stories 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Trailer...Woooah | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:17 | Crunch Report Uber shares growing financials to distract from negative publicity 9 hours ago | Alex Wilhelm, Katie Roof Weekly Roundup: Uber’s Hell-ish week, Tesla’s plans for trucking 10 hours ago | Anna Escher Apple gets permit to test autonomous cars in California 13 hours ago | Romain Dillet Watch the first trailer for ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ 14 hours ago | Anthony Ha Latest From TechCrunch Report: UberRush will stop handling restaurant deliveries 12 minutes ago | Catherine Shu Crunch Report | ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Trailer…Woooah 4 hours ago | Khaled "Tito" Hamze Short film ‘The Moderators’ takes a look at the thankless job of patrolling the web 7 hours ago | Devin Coldewey Early-Bird ticket deadline extended until April 21 9 hours ago | Matt Burns Comment moderation powered by Up Next First round of Disrupt NY Hackathon tickets now available Posted 13 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Software Engineer-CCC Technology Center (7 Positions) at Butte-Glenn Community College (Oroville, CA, United States) VP of Engineering -- $160,000- $200,000 at Hammer-Corp (San Diego, CA, United States) Manager Dev Operations at The Madison Square Garden Companies (New York, NY, United States) Director Engineering at The Madison Square Garden Companies (New York, NY, United States) Director IT Strategy and Architecture at Sargento Foods Inc. (Plymouth, WI, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Report: UberRush will stop handling restaurant deliveries 12 minutes ago by Catherine Shu Crunch Report | ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Trailer…Woooah 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Short film ‘The Moderators’ takes a look at the thankless job of patrolling the web 7 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Early-Bird ticket deadline extended until April 21 9 hours ago by Matt Burns Simple is closing some customer bank accounts, and users are mad as hell 9 hours ago by Ryan Lawler Uber shares growing financials to distract from negative publicity 9 hours ago by Alex Wilhelm, Katie Roof LeEco pulls the plug on its EcoPass video service as stories of US struggles mount 10 hours ago by Brian Heater Facebook announces victory over a spam operation after six months of combat 10 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Weekly Roundup: Uber’s Hell-ish week, Tesla’s plans for trucking 10 hours ago by Anna Escher GM plans to deploy hundreds of autonomous vehicles across the country for testing 11 hours ago by Devin Coldewey
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 13 Share on Facebook 39 Share on Twitter Total Shares104 Applications Google News Google Now on Tap was introduced alongside Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which used context on your screen to help you find information. Google Assistant replaced Now on Tap (for compatible devices), and carried over most of its functionality. Now Assistant is making it slightly more obvious that it can search your screen and take screenshots.    Left: Old design; Center, Right: New design Before, screen search results would appear below the main Assistant prompt after a few seconds, and the screenshot button was found below the screen search results. Buttons for screen search and taking a screenshot are now immediately visible when Assistant is opened. This is a minor improvement, but definitely a welcome one. The change appears to be part of a server-side update, so if you don't have it, you will soon. Thanks: Łukasz Tags assistant Google google now on tap now on tap Screen Search screenshot ui subscribe ... Previous Story Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger ... Next Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 Finally. The old swipe up barely even worked most of the time. I've been waiting for them to do something like this. Paul Smith Don't even have assistant yet... Nexus 5x 7.12 samiazza Same here, is there any way to get it without root? Suresh Aryal Change the phone language to US English, delete Google app data and you should be running Assistant after few setup screens or just wait for few hours. samiazza Thank you, it worked:-) belac77 that's so weird. I've had Assistant on my Moto G Play running Marshmallow from the second or third day the rollout began! Zahir_SMASH be glad you don't. Alex Dueppen Is it just me or did Assistant get rid of the OCR thing where you could select text on your screen? Bombaglad this was never a part of assistant, only now on tap Nicholas Matranga Nope, they removed it for some reason. That was one of the main things I used now on tap for. Corbin Davenport That feature was never ported to Assistant. Mohammad Fazal Love this Now on tap feature. And now its gone :/ Evgany Used it all the time. Bring it back. Ruel Johnson It's still there you highlight the text then once you open assistant you tap "What's on my screen" Rami Hmm, never knew that worked. Still doesn't help if the text is in an image or it is non selectable text. Steve Riendeau Awesome, thank you! XgudwilX Not the same. You could copy text from within any app, screen, photo, whatever. Even a photo you took of a food label, street sign, or hand written note. Many languages and fonts too. You'd just hit the little copy (👆🏿)icon and go to town. It was amazing. The Now On Tap reverse image search, from within the camera app was awesome too. Much faster than what the Assistant tries to do. It's usually hit or miss. Oh well, maybe this new change is Google making room to bring back the text select (👆🏿) icon! MayorMcCheese Main reason I removed Assistant David Hyman While not ideal and not always a option, you can select text and then trigger the assistant and it'll use that for search context. And there are other apps CTRL-F (I think) that does basically the same thing. So you can share the screenshot with CTRL-F and then copy the text form there kalehv Also I remember Google Now on Tap did screen search when Camera was open. Was helpful to read barcodes but now that's gone. I don't want to install another app just to read barcodes, or QR codes whatever. mjmdroid Got it and already used it more than 4 times today Nicholas Smith Is there any way to use google assistant to schedule calendar events from your text messages? That was a huge feature of on-tap and I don't get why it went away. SocialSupaCrew Yes it's still present with assistant :) Miles Reiter What kind of context were you using that feature in with Assistant? I was trying to get that to work the other day with a clearly spelled out date and time from an email, and it wasn't finding a thing on my screen. motoridersd Awesome! I hated scrolling down to get to the button, so I wasn't using this feature much. This is much better. Eddy Nelson Lopez They need to bring text selection back! Deeco I got a Screenshot of not having Google Assistant, shall I share? FU Google demarcmj no thank you abqnm Maybe someday they'll add a button to open the damn Google app from the assistant pop-up. If I can't talk to my phone, I want to still be able to search without having to go back to the homescreen and then into the Google app. Miles Reiter I'm thinking about writing some kind of case study around the rollout of Assistant and the pro's/con's compared to Now on Tap. What you mentioned is definitely a pain point in my own usage. I'm curious whether there's anything else (good or bad) that stands out to you about Assistant. Luke Taylor As a language learner, one of the big setbacks about GA is that I no longer have the ability to translate my screen or select specific text on my screen if the screen search doesn't pull up any results. I used those on a daily basis! Grey It's easy. You hit the Google icon next to the search, nothing happens, you fumble around, you tap the search box, you swipe up and down, you get very frustrated, and eventually it randomly closes on you when you try pressing the phone back button, so you press the "recent apps" button but it doesn't exist and you get even more frustrated so you tap the Home Screen Search Box and tap the Google icon and Google Now might load. See? Easy. LOL There are still things that Google Now does better then Assistant.....Very annoying Cory S Eh, I think Now did just about everything better than Assistant. aRvInD I want my Google Now onTap back? Is there any mod to get it? Zahir_SMASH Change your phone's language to US Virgin Islands English. You get Now On Tap back, and Google's voice responses get an Australian accent, which I think you can fix, but I find charming in its own way. titetanium Go to apkmirror and download Google App version 6.11.21 or earlier. You'll probably lose any recent data saved in the current version, but Now on Tap will be back. Don't upgrade the app afterwards. Profit. Zahir_SMASH That's a lot more trouble than just changing your language to another English option titetanium Perhaps, but you won't have to worry about getting Assistant going forward as long as you stay on the old version. How long before El Goog updates the other English language options to have Assistant? Miles Reiter What are some of those things that Now did better for you? To be clear I definitely agree, just looking for some things I might not have thought of for writing a case study on the subject! LOL To be honest I don't really use them often. But I really like how Google Now gives you this nice weather card with ton of info, there is no such a thing in Assistant. Also Google Now is able tell which song is playing, again it's missing from Assistant brownjames Text search from any screen. Selection of non selectable onscreen text. Language translation of non selectable text onscreen. Those are my favorite 3 features of Now on Tap that are not in Assistant. Luke Taylor Exactly the same as you. Text translation and selection was used daily by me. Hugely bummed that Assistant can't do it. Michel Sa I could do image searrch (searching by image) using Now on tap, Assistant can't Mohit Saini Will Moto X2 get google assistant? Or it's only available to 64bit devices like s7,nexus 6p...... Zahir_SMASH Pretty sure it is supposed to be rolling out to any device with Marshmallow and up. Corbin Davenport It's for any phone (not tablet) running 6.0 and up, and I think there's a minimum RAM requirement too. Zahir_SMASH Good to know, thanks blindexecutioner Still isn't as good as now on tap. Before when I'd use that on my home screen it would bring up a bunch of options like navigate to work or home. Now it just says there isn't anything. Margaritas Ante Porcos Bixby button is a good place for Google Assistant. diskostu I hate the Assistant, but I love Now On Tap. Is there any way to get Now On Tap back? ro.opa.eligible_device=false does not work anymore. Major Sceptic I liked on tap too , the assistant may be ok in some ways , but I find myself using the AI features less now than when I had on tap . Sometimes I wonder if having all the Wizz bang software that tries to make life easier by bombarding us with constantly​ with organisational​ suggestions that it may in fact be more like a nagging mother in-law . Or I'm just getting old and grumpy in my old age 😎 ? _jack_ You're not. Guilherme Pata Typing to the assistant as you do in Allo would be a real feature. This button doesn't do much when all you had to do before was swipe up... itsatrap It's not as good as Now on tap. demarcmj Didn't this happen like a month ago? https://www.google.com/search?q=google+assistant+%22What%27s+on+my+screen%22&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8 All the results are from around 3/15 (ish) Corbin Davenport It's been rolling out slowly. demarcmj Interesting. I figured the roll-out was about done since I have it and I never get anything early. Still, staged roll-out or not, I was surprised to see that you guys hadn't covered this already. Cakefish Still no assistant available in the UK on a non-Pixel device... hurry up Google. And bring YouTube Red over here while you're at it. Why is Google so lethargic with updates? freshprince_87 Never cared for the now on tap screenshot option. kalehv I also wish that Assistant could be dismissed by just swiping down. It shows up from bottom halfway to the top and it stretches to top when you pull it up only makes me think it could be pulled down to dismiss but .... Dan it does that if it's still on the bottom half of the screen. just tried it. kalehv Yeah but you pull it up to go all the way to top makes me think you can pull it down as well which doesn't work. Ishti Screen translation and text recognition scanning missing. Portzblitz Smart. Before, when you'd summon Assistant, whether you needed more info or not, Google would be processing at the bottom anyway even though few people ever actually swipe up for it; now, the button can be instantly available, but the processing will only happen for people who press it. Separates the task load. Michel Sa Where is the image search from Now on tap! Assistant is a step back. DC_Guy It's MUCH more useful this way. I take a lot of screenshots and i hated always having to scroll down to get to the share button. Sang Ngaihte No Assistant till now in India. Only Now on tap. Sibin C Baby I need the old text selection back....That's the only reason I'm still continuing in Google now Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 320 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 105 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Articles l l How to Pause and Defer Updates on Windows 10 How to Connect Your Android Phone to Your TV How to Open Office Files Without Being Hacked What is Game Mode in the Windows 10 Creators Update? Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+ FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY Search The Best Games and Easter Eggs In Google Assistant By Eric Ravenscraft on April 14th, 2017 Google Assistant packs a lot of useful voice commands, but then so did Google Now. Assistant sets itself apart by also including some of the fun stuff Google is usually known for. These are some of the most fun and entertaining features you can find in Google Assistant on your phone, smart watch, or Google Home. RELATED ARTICLES How to Access Google Now on Devices with Google Assistant How to Set Up, Tweak, and Use Your Android Wear Watch To play with any of these games, you’ll need Google Assistant, which isn’t available everywhere. You’ll need Android 6.0 or higher on phones, Android Wear 2.0 on smart watches, or Google Home. Google Assistant also works a little differently based on what device you’re using, so we’ll note where these games do and don’t work. Play a Trivia Game Show With I’m Feeling Lucky Platforms: Phones, Google Home Activation phrase: “I’m feeling lucky” or “play lucky trivia” RELATED ARTICLE How to Enable Google Instant Search in Google Chrome Google’s trademark I’m Feeling Lucky button might be totally pointless ever since instant search results removed the need to click anything, but the phrase has found a new home. Tell Google Assistant “I’m feeling lucky” and you’ll trigger a trivia game complete with an old-school game show announcer voice. You and a few friends can each play, taking turns answering trivia questions while Google gives you funny nicknames like Bubbles or Cupcake. Answer Your Burning Questions With Crystal Ball Platform: Phones, Google Home Activation phrase: “Crystal ball” If you’ve ever played with a Magic 8-Ball, you can probably guess how this will work. Start the crystal ball game with Google by saying “crystal ball” and Assistant will tell you to ask it a question like, “Will the new Thor movie be the best Marvel movie of all time?” Google will then respond by giving you an answer like, “Of course.” The answers are randomized…or pre-ordained and always accurate, depending on how much faith you want to put into Google. Play a Game of Mad Libs Platform: Phones, Google Home Activation phrase: “Mad libs” Anyone who took a road trip before the advent of handheld games or smartphones remembers playing Mad Libs. For any new arrivals to the world, Mad Libs is a game where you provide words of a certain type, like “noun” or “verb.” Then, someone else fills those words into a story. The result is about 30 seconds of slightly silly fun before you go back to asking how much longer until the next rest stop. Google Assistant streamlines the game, filling in all the blanks for you without letting anyone see the story ahead of time. As an added bonus, Google’s voice-to-text gets your response wrong every once in a while (especially if you’re giggling while you speak), and the misinterpretations can be be even funnier than your real suggestions. Relax With an Ambient Noise Generator Platform: Google Home Activation phrase: “help me relax” While not technically a game, this little feature of Google Home is soothing enough to become a regular fixture. Simply say “Ok Google, help me relax” to get a random ambient noise stream—like the sound of the ocean or a crackling fireplace—for the next hour. You can also ask for a specific sound if you have a favorite. According to Google, you can ask for the following sounds: Relaxing sounds Nature sounds Water sounds Running water sounds Outdoor sounds Babbling brook sounds Country night sounds Oscillating fan sounds Fireplace sounds Forest sounds Ocean sounds Rain sounds River sounds Thunderstorm sounds White noise By default, these sounds will play for an hour, but you can customize how long they play. For example, you can say “Ok Google, play running water sounds for two hours.” You can also ask “Ok Google, play an ambient noise for two hours” to get a randomized noise for however long you want. Curiously, the ambient noise generator only works on Google Home. If you make the same request of Google Assistant on your phone or watch, Google will search for whichever ambient noise you asked for on your preferred music streaming service. Of course, there’s probably some nature sounds albums on Spotify or Play Music, too. So, the effect will be about the same, but Google’s first-party ambient noise generator is exclusive to Google Home. Play With a Slew of Smaller Mini-Games Google’s always adding new Easter eggs and fun touches to their products, so it shouldn’t be surprising that there are a bunch more hidden in Google Assistant. Here are some of the most fun things you can say to Google that aren’t really full games, but are still enjoyable (or even a little useful). Flip a coin (Phones, Watches, Google Home): Ask Google to flip a coin and it will tell you if it’s heads or tails. Handy for settling disputes like who has to take out the trash. Roll a die (Phones, Watches, Google Home): Similar to flipping a coin, if you ask Google to roll a die, it will spit out a number from one to six. This could be handy if, for example, your group can’t decide what restaurant to go to. Where’s Waldo (Phones, Watches, Google Home): Ask Google where you can find Waldo, and Google will quite sarcastically tell you the kinds of places Waldo hangs out. Like crowded public spaces, or the peppermint stick convention. If you need a more specific answer, you might try texting Waldo directly. Play the Name Game (Phones, Google Home): You’ve probably played the Name Game as a kid—the game where you take a person’s name, permutate it into gibberish, and call it “rhyming”—even if you don’t recall that it was a song by Shirley Ellis from 1964. Just tell Google, “play the name game with Whitson” and it will sing back to you “Whitson, Whitson, bo-bitson. Banana-fana-fo-fitson. Fee-fy-mo-mitson. Whitson!” Talk like Yoda (Phones, Google Home): Despite Yoda’s habit of speaking backwards being a little overblown, it’s one of the character’s most defining characteristics. Ask Google to “talk like Yoda” and it will speak a few garbled sentences, randomly re-arranging words. Which, frankly, would probably be offensive to Yoda’s species if we knew what that was. Repeat after me (Phones, Google Home): Much like a parrot, this feature is probably best left to those responsible enough to not misuse it. Unless it’s really funny. Simply say “Ok Google, repeat after me” then follow that up with whatever you want. Google will say back whatever you said to you. Of course, if your language is too dirty, Google might censor itself before you record it and upload it to YouTube. Google’s not going to replace your Xbox or Nintendo Switch anytime soon, of course. However, it’s good for a little light-hearted fun every once in a while. If you’re bored in the car or just feel like showing off your Google Home when you have guests over, these games can be a nice break to the monotony. JOIN THE DISCUSSION Tweet Eric Ravenscraft covers smarthome tech for How-To Geek. He's a problem solver who never learned to say no to a project. When he's not fixing things, he's cosplaying at cons, playing video games, and watching too many comic book movies. You can follow him on Twitter or Instagram. Published 04/14/17 DID YOU KNOW? The oldest plant scientists have brought back to life is a 32,000 year old strain of the flower Silene stenophylla; they recovered the seeds from a prehistoric cache left behind by a squirrel. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools 7 Ways To Free Up Disk Space on Your OS X Mac What Is the Adobe Acrobat Extension Chrome Wants Me to Install? The 10 Best Gadgets of CES (Consumer Electronics Show) in 2014 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 How to Get Music Onto Your Android Phone Without iTunes How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs USB 2.0 vs. USB 3.0: Should You Upgrade Your Flash Drives? How to Fix Crackling or Popping Sound on a Windows PC Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2017 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Former UC Berkeley law school dean settles suit with accuser Bay Area political events: Feinstein town hall Reddick gets lively reception in return to Oakland SF Zoo’s only polar bear dies at 36 News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Utah judge at rape sentencing: Ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' Afghan official: Massive US bomb death toll rises to 94 Trump White House drops policy of identifying visitors Q&A: How federal law unmasks foreign influence on US policy Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Emotional night for Giants: Crawford, Marrero hit homers Graveman leaves early as A’s fall to Astros DeLaet, Donald share lead after 2 rounds at RBC Heritage Buster Posey’s return: Tuesday’s realistic Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Scorpion stings passenger on United flight California tells Uber it’s sloppy about ditching drunken Report: Secret Uber program 'Hell' spied on Lyft drivers Teachers cash in, big time, by putting lessons up for sale A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Monterey Pop 50th anniversary concert lineup announced The latest from Dear Abby A view of life and death, ‘Truman’ is a thing of beauty No riches from TheatreWorks’ ‘Rags’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Hall in Mid-Market to close late Sept Chef turns down interview for Ivanka Trump site with strongly Pal’s Takeaway to celebrate ninth anniversary with guest chef Favorite dishes from Commis, China Live, Finn Town and more Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Where to see the Bay Area's wildflowers The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Look up! Don't miss this week's 'Pink Moon' Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Blossoms burst out to brighten hikers’ paths One Day, One Place: Exploring region shaped by fire Where to flock for Lake County’s feathered fauna Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Reimagined Eichler south of Mitchell Park in Palo Modern masterwork in Corona Heights Homes prices in more affordable S.F. neighborhoods continue to Registered landmark Queen Anne with gorgeous period Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How can I make my career dream a reality? How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Burger-King-thought-it-had-a-great-idea-Instead-11073793.php Burger King thought it had a great idea. Instead, it ended up with a Whopper of a problem. Hayley Tsukayama, The Washington Post Published 10:55 am, Friday, April 14, 2017 As part of promoting their “Whopper Sandwich”. Media: Fortune Burger King successfully ran an alternate version of its advertisement designed to trigger Google Home devices late Wednesday, the company said in an emailed statement Thursday. "Last night, Burger King launched very similar commercials that 100% triggered the smart speaker technology. The commercials aired during Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon," said spokeswoman Dara Schopp. The company altered the ad's audio in such a way that it was able to get around whatever block the Google Home had against the original commercial. Schopp also said that Burger King saw a 300 percent increase in "social conversation" on Twitter as compared to the day before - indicating that, good or bad, the commercial got people talking about the company. Earlier, it was reported a Burger King ad designed to trigger Google's voice-activated Home smart speaker and have the device advertise the Whopper no longer works. The ad, released Wednesday, features an actor dressed as a Burger King employee, who says, "Okay, Google: What is the Whopper burger?" The line is meant to trigger the device to reel off the definition of a Whopper using the first line of the burger's Wikipedia page. (Yes, the Whopper has its own Wikipedia page.) Photo: HANDOUT Image 1of/29 Caption Close Image 1 of 29 What is the Whopper, Alexa? What is the Whopper, Alexa? Photo: HANDOUT Image 2 of 29 The "Chain Reaction" report, developed by Friends of the Earth, the Natural Resources Defense Council and other partner organizations, graded the top fast food restaurants for use of antibiotics in their meat and poultry supply chains to find out who is putting consumers' health at risk. Here are their results from the 2016 report card. less The "Chain Reaction" report, developed by Friends of the Earth, the Natural Resources Defense Council and other partner organizations, graded the top fast food restaurants for use of antibiotics in their meat ... more Photo: Digital Vision./Getty Images Image 3 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Chipotle: A Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Chipotle: A Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Gene J. Puskar, Associated Press Image 4 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Panera Bread: A Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Panera Bread: A Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Panera Bread Image 5 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Subway: B Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Subway: B Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Ted S. Warren, Associated Press Image 6 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Chick-fil-A: B Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Chick-fil-A: B Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Getty Image 7 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades McDonald's: C+ Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust McDonald's: C+ Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Santiago Mejia, Special To The Chronicle Image 8 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Wendy's: C Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Wendy's: C Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: The Wendy's Company, HO Image 9 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Taco Bell: C- Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Taco Bell: C- Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Image 10 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Pizza Hut: D+ Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Pizza Hut: D+ Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Pizza Hut Image 11 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Papa John's: D Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Papa John's: D Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Courtesy Photo Image 12 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades KFC: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust KFC: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Kfc.com Image 13 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Olive Garden: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Olive Garden: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Olivegarden.com Image 14 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Burger King: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Burger King: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Burger King Image 15 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Dunkin' Donuts: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Dunkin' Donuts: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Jim Scherer Image 16 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Chili's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Chili's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Chilistogo.com Image 17 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Sonic: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Sonic: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Courtesy Photo Image 18 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Denny's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Denny's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Denny's Image 19 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Domino's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Domino's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Image 20 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Starbucks: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Starbucks: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Kate Taylor Image 21 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Applebee's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Applebee's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Applebees.com Image 22 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Jack in the Box: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Jack in the Box: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: COURTESY JACK IN THE BOX Image 23 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Arby's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Arby's: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Arbysbeefandfries.JPG/Lenin And McCarthy/BillyTFried, Wikimedia Commons Image 24 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Dairy Queen: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Dairy Queen: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Courtesy Photo Image 25 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades IHOP: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust IHOP: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Tommaso Boddi/WireImage Image 26 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Outback Steakhouse: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Outback Steakhouse: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Diane Macdonald, Getty Images Image 27 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Buffalo Wild Wings: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Buffalo Wild Wings: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Photo: Buffalo Wild Wings | Facebook Image 28 of 29 | 2016 'Chain Reaction' report grades Little Caesars: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Little Caesars: F Sources: Natural Resources Defense Council, Friends of the Earth, Consumers Union, Center for Food Safety and Food Animal Concerns Trust Image 29 of 29 Burger King thought it had a great idea. Instead, it ended up with a Whopper of a problem. 1 / 29 Back to Gallery Roughly three hours after the ad launched, the ad stopped working. Google's Home would only light up in response to the commercial's prompt and stay mum (although it will give you the first line of the Wikipedia article if you explicitly request the definition of a "Whopper burger"). TOP BUSINESS VIDEOS: Story continues below | Business news first: Sign in for newsletters The fast-food company confirmed that the ad no longer triggered the speaker, but it said it would still air the ad - and indicated that the ad may start working again. "You'll have to tune in tonight to see if the commercial triggers the Whopper sandwich definition response," said Burger King spokesman Brooke Scher Mogan. Mogan said Burger King saw the ad as an opportunity to "do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices." Google did not respond to requests for comment. A person familiar with the matter but not authorized to speak on the record said the fast-food chain did not consult Google before making the commercial. While commercials - often those about home hubs - have accidentally triggered voice assistants in people's homes before, this seems to be the first time an ad has tried to do it intentionally. Based on comments on the ad's YouTube page, many consumers did not appreciate having their devices hijacked. "When you take over someones phone or tablet and have it do your own remote commands intentionally, you are HACKING," read one comment. Once the ad started gaining attention, Wikipedia users began altering the first line of the article about Burger King's Whopper. These edits included references to the burger as "cancer-causing" and stating that its ingredients include "cyanide." It appears that Burger King itself tried to fix the Wikipedia problem. The first sentence changed to a suspiciously glowing description of the Whopper, authored by user "Fermachado123" - a name that sounds similar to Fernando Machado, Burger King's senior vice president for global brand management. Burger King did not confirm or deny that Machado edited the article. Privacy concerns about voice-activated speakers and the connected home have been on the rise as more companies have introduced these products, putting pressure on the makers of voice-operated security systems and door locks to ensure that their devices can't be triggered by unauthorized voices. The place of advertising on the Google Home and similar products has been thoroughly debated by users as they have become more commonplace. Many users don't want to be spammed with ads delivered by what they consider personal assistants. Google subjected itself to criticism after Home users heard what appeared to be an unprompted plug for Disney's "Beauty and Beast" when the film opened last month. Google said at the time that mentioning the film wasn't meant to be an ad but simply a notice to users about what was timely that day, according to a statement provided to CNET. "We're continuing to experiment with new ways to surface unique content for users and we could have done better in this case," a Google spokesman said. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY US prosecutors are geared to target border crossers Trump touts his flexibility as reversals from campaign grow Russia says evidence growing Syria chemical attack was staged Officials: No need for Trump's approval to use massive bomb Afghanistan says massive US bomb killed 36 militants Morford: Be not distracted by the 'Mother Of All Bombs' LATEST NEWS Former UC Berkeley law school dean settles suit with accuser Santa Cruz surfer rescues sea lion pup Folsom Chick-fil-A seeks stolen cow costumes Mysterious issue disrupts BART service in East Bay Giants beat Rockies: Marrero, Crawford hit homers SF zoo’s only polar bear dies at 36 SF clears street camp, angering homeless-aid officials Broken escalators, urine at BART’s newest station Tech CEO allegedly firing employees right before options vest Road clears in California for Apple self-driving car Report: Secret Uber program 'Hell' spied on Lyft drivers Uber's PR head resigns amid tumultuous time for company Chef turns down interview for Ivanka Trump site Gwyneth Paltrow wines and dines around San Francisco Monterey Pop 50th anniversary concert lineup announced SF's Easter weekend: A hunky Jesus contest and goats galore Empowering women: Female-run mosque to open in Berkeley UC Berkeley Republicans test limits again with Coulter speech TODAY'S TOP PICKS The Hall in Mid-Market to close late Sept Farmers’ market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally Where are they now: Cast of the 'Sandlot' Most Popular 1 Tanium Roiled by Exits as Security Startup CEO Clashes With Team 2 Chef turns down interview for Ivanka Trump site with strongly... 3 The CEO of a $3.7 billion startup is allegedly firing... 4 SF clears street camp, angering city’s homeless-aid officials 5 Monterey Pop 50th anniversary concert lineup announced 6 Mysterious problem disrupts BART service in East Bay 7 SF Zoo’s only polar bear dies at 36 8 Giants’ Crawford out of lineup after sister-in-law’s death 9 Russia says evidence growing Syria chemical attack was staged 10 US eyes more border prosecutions in shift for California View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Living Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Peek inside your teenager’s mind By Jason Murphy, News.com.au View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 14, 2017 | 2:00pm Modal Trigger Composite; Shutterstock Originally Published By: Teenagers are so hard to understand. A huge new survey of what teens think is cool is only adding to the confusion. Apparently, teens think Red Bull is less cool than Costco? That Sony is less cool than Microsoft? That Levis are less cool than HP? It’s like they’re deliberately trying to troll their parents’ generation. The survey — run by Google — is full of weird comparisons like this. The following chart shows all the brands, from dorky on the left to cool on the right. The vertical axis shows how well known the brands are. This graph shows how cool things are (left is not cool, right is cool) and how well known they are (less well known in down, more well known up), for 13-17 year olds.Google If you look closely, you will notice a few things that are seriously suspicious. Do today’s youth really worship Google so much? The survey asks the kids (aged 13-17) to rank 122 brands by how cool they are. And Google-owned brands come out with curiously high rankings. The coolest thing in the whole world, according to Google’s survey, is YouTube: owned by Google. Third coolest is Google itself, while Google Android, the phone operating system, and Nest, Google’s smart thermostat company, both take home decent scores. Something is screwy there. We should probably ignore the Google effect, and when we do, we see patterns that actually make sense. I hate you, Mom and Dad! The worst thing a brand can be is something your parents are into. Case in point: Facebook. Teens pretty much hate Facebook. It shows up in the survey, where, sure, Facebook is something they’ve heard of, but it scores awfully low on the cool scale. The problem for 13-to-17 year olds is their parents are on Facebook, and it is cramping their style. Facebook messenger scores even worse with the kids, and I imagine that’s because they associate it mainly with messages that look something like this: Mom: Reminder: come straight home from school today because you have to do your homework. Luv u, x. Teens’ playgrounds are Snapchat and Instagram instead of Facebook, but the complaints are beginning as parents converge on Instagram too. (This could actually be a good explanation for the seemingly crazy popularity of YouTube and Netflix — they are something teens can engage with away from prying eyes.) This graph shows how cool things are (left is not cool, right is cool) and how well known they are (less well known in down, more well known up), for 18-34 year olds.Google The daggiest brand in the whole survey is the Wall Street Journal. I personally love the Wall Street Journal, but I understand it is not cool (and also that I am not cool) so its low score gives the whole thing credibility. What’s less expected is that the media brand Vice does so badly. It’s a weird result given how much effort Vice is putting in to be edgy. It’s a bit of a mystery and there is definitely some skew in the results where well-known brands also seem to be scoring as cooler than less well-known ones. Why should we care what these pimply youths think anyway? I personally hate the idea that we need to find out what pathetic ideas are swimming around in the jelly brains of these fat and spoiled American children, but the reality is the little morons matter. American teenagers are one of the driving forces of the world economy. If you want to know what brands and companies are going to be big you need to tune your antenna to what they like. Soft drink brands and blue jeans, rock music and skateboarding — so much of what we call popular culture got its start with teens before crossing over to the mainstream. So if you’re trying to invest, or make choices about what to study or where to work, you’ll do better if you keep an eye on the things American teens think are cool. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under brands ,  google ,  millennials ,  surveys ,  teens Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Sorry, backpackers, 'seeing the world' is a terrible excus... Read Next Sorry, backpackers, 'seeing the world' is a terrible excus... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 21,164 'Police impersonator' messes with the wrong guy 20,499 Why I won't date hot women anymore 15,281 CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party Now On Sonja Morgan can’t seem to escape Tipsy Girl drama Director James Gray ‘has no ill will’ toward Harvey Weinstein CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party SEE ALL Video What To Watch This Weekend, No Matter Your Mood Now On 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera SEE ALL More Stories pagesix CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party Now On Decider Sex On Netflix: Did You Know That Netflix Has A “Steamy” Section? nypost 'Police impersonator' messes with the wrong guy New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically chanting North Korean troops parade through Pyongyang for Kim Jong-un on 'Day of the Sun' amid threats of nuclear war with Trump Cops who Facebook live-streamed their day inclding bragging about 'shooting the sh** out of a dog,' dishing out 'a** whoopins' and their love of pulling people over are FIRED Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and the spinning table 'He's not a jerk!' Fiancée of stock broker who 'stopped dating hot women because they are full of themselves' defends her boyfriend Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the true nature of the love-hate relationship he had with tempestuous ex-wife Kim Basinger  Adding insult to injury: United did NOT take passenger's bags off his plane after he was dragged off - then sent his luggage to the WRONG address hundreds of miles from where he was hospitalized Delta approves offers of up to $10,000 to flyers who give up seats on overbooked flights after United scandal Mass panic at NYC's Penn Station during the Easter getaway as cops taser a suspect causing a STAMPEDE of passengers fearing he had a gun  Man sues gay dating app Grindr after more than a thousand men turn up looking for sex at his house and WORK after his ex-lover 'created a fake profile inviting men over' Arkansas judge blocks the 'conveyer belt of death' execution of seven death-row inmates in a month EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's a no-show and stays home with his brother's widow who is now his lover The off-cuty cop who tried to take down Pulse nightclub killer: Bodycam pictures reveal first desperate minutes of massacre Fears grow for Nordstrom employee, 28, after she failed to arrive at a doctors appointment and her car was found abandoned one day later  Tragedy as NFL star Todd Heap accidentally runs over and kills his three-year-old daughter Federal government reports deficit of $526 BILLION despite record-breaking income and payroll tax collection Actress tells how she was sexually assaulted and pushed onto subway tracks in terrifying ordeal inside Manhattan's West Village Could this missile one day nuke the west coast of America? Kim Jong Un unveils huge new ICBM at 'Day of the Sun' parade As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago without his chief of staff or some key advisors Special forces raid, missile strike, cyber warfare or MORE negotiations: Trump's choices for dealing with Kim Jong-un - but experts say there are NO good options He knows he can't win but it would be an unimaginable humiliation for him to back down: In a deadly game of dare, Kim Jong-un will take the suicide option, says MARK ALMOND  Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92 ISIS militants in Afghanistan... but terror group DENY any of their fighters died  'We will pulverize the headquarters of evil and ruthlessly ravage US troops': North Korea makes menacing boast it will take on Donald Trump with 'merciless' strikes on South Korea and US bases as China warns of 'war at any moment' 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the terrifying moment the US dropped the Mother Of All Bombs on ISIS terrorists  'I've rarely felt more fearful for the future': PETER OBORNE, the first journalist to visit the Syrian village hit by Trump's missiles, says peace has been set back years in a war where truth and logic have gone to hell  Previous Next 'Google knows all!' Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant unearths footage of himself as a soap star on As The World Turns in 2008 By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 13:50 EDT, 14 April 2017 | Updated: 14:27 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail 6 View comments Ryan Serhant is currently known as one of the stars of Bravo's Million Dollar Listing and one of New York's most successful real estate brokers. But on Thursday, he reminded his followers of his soap star past, sharing a glimpse at his 2008 role as Dr. Evan Walsh on As The World Turns. The real estate broker had apparently been googling himself, sharing a screen capture of the results with the caption 'Google knows all.'  Scroll down for video  Google knows all: On Thursday, Ryan Serhant posted this Google search result under his name, reminding his followers about his soap opera past; In the nine-year-old clip, Ryan plays Dr. Evan Walsh who holds his Aunt Lily hostage on As The World Turns Though the 32-year-old did not post the actual link to the clip, it is easily found online. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'New shark in the pool!' Million Dollar Listing NY returns... Million Dollar Listings star Ryan Serhant 'defaults on... Million Dollar Listings star Ryan Serhant shares cheeky snap... They made it! Emilia Bechrakis weds Ryan Serhant on Million... Share this article Share The nine-year-old footage has Ryan playing a murderer, holding his Aunt Lily hostage with a syringe full of a dangerous poison. His character is killed in the same episode when Lily breaks free and stabs him in the chest with the same syringe he held her hostage with. Currently: Ryan is photographed at the UNICEF Snowflake Ball in November of 2016 Ryan won the part through an online reality show in 2007. The character of Evan Walsh lasted on the show from November 2007 until February 2008. Soon after the episode aired, he got his real estate license in October of the same year.   Dangerous: It is revealed he has already killed a character named Dusty and a lab technician  Struggle: The character's grandmother comes in to save her daughter from her grandson In 2012 Serhant was cast on the reality show Million Dollar Listing: New York.  His first love remains acting and he had a part in 2015's While We’re Young alongside Ben Stiller, Amanda Seyfried, Naomi Watts and Adam Driver. Ryan married wife Emilia Bechrakis in 2016.   Revenge: He is then stabbed in the heart by his detainee, dying in the February 7, 2008 episode Read more: ATWT: Dusty's killer revealed (2008) Day 2, Part 1 - YouTube Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched News videos Pentagon release footage of MOAB being dropped in Afghanistan Bad parker gets blocked by two Jeeps to teach him a lesson Muslim woman refuses to remove hijab for airport security in Rome US Air Force releases footage of the first MOAB bomb test FIRST EVER trailer unveiled for Star Wars: The Last Jedi Mega blast after Russia tests non-atomic 'Father Of All Bombs' 2007 Shocking moment a horse attacks an alligator in Florida Rapturous reception for Kim Jong Un opening residental complex 'Mother of all bombs' tested by the US military in 2003 'You have to drag me': David Dao just before United incident North Koreans unfazed by Trump ahead of 'Day of the Sun' UPS worker gets family out of house and puts out fire Hilarious moment two Jeep drivers get their own back on... Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the... 'You are not safe for us': Muslim woman films Rome... Putin’s ‘Father Of All Bombs’ is FOUR TIMES more powerful... Easter carnage as drunken revellers take advantage of the... Christians in Philippines nail themselves to crosses and... Shocking moment the roof of the world-famous Bellagio... Britain's prettiest streets are revealed with The... His and Hers jets, paid for with YOUR tax dollars:... Angry father 'chops off a 15-year-old boy's PENIS and... Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of... EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about... Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of... 'Security is really tight on campus so no worries at... The U.S. Mother Of All Bombs that killed 36 ISIS... EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details... 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens... Aaron Hernandez weeps as he is found NOT GUILTY in double... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 6 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'My baby and me after nap time': Janet Jackson shares adorable first photo of three-month-old son Eissa A week after split 'I love you so much': Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana posts amorous note after recent birth of their son and failed marriage Oops she did it again! Britney Spears shows off toned torso in hot pink bikini as she hits beach on Hawaiian vacation Another day in paradise  She's picture perfect! Ryan Reynolds takes candid snaps of wife Blake Lively including VERY close up shot of her chest Played photographer 'Thank you Luna!' Kim Kardashian gushes over 'cutest' Easter baskets given to her children from Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Was so grateful  Wigging out! Ariel Winter rocks magenta hairpiece and flashes lacy lingerie at H&M's Coachella tent Wore a pink ombré, hip-length hairpiece  'You stupid b***h!' Sugar Bear gets heated as he threatens Mama June with legal action to enforce visitation with their daughter Honey Boo Boo 'My daughter can't stand to be around her f***ing father!': Mama June has a showdown with Sugar Bear and his new wife A very heated argument Bikini babe! Shay Mitchell poses topless on pink swan as she gets ready for Coachella fun Made the most of her resort's pool Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the nature of the love-hate relationship he had with tempestuous ex-wife Kim Basinger  'My super chic mom': Kelly Ripa shares adorable Easter throwback photo as she and mother coordinate in white and yellow Mother-daughter pic  'Sculpting': Katy Perry shows off ultra trim figure during gym workout session in Instagram clip Star  is making sure to keep in tip-top shape Karrueche Tran flaunts her bodacious behind in nude-colored thong bikini for fun-filled beach day in Miami It was all fun in the sun  Table for five! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take kids out for relaxed dinner in Malibu She carried her youngest child Reign against her hip Highlighter-haired Kylie Jenner flashes Spanx in $39 PrettyLittleThing mini-dress at Palm Springs bash  Looking sensational for the music festival  FIRST LOOK: Carrie Fisher as General Leia in The Last Jedi revealed... as Disney confirms she will NOT be in Episode IX despite brother's claims Her final movie  'It can be difficult meeting your heroes': Daisy Ridley offers plot clues for The Last Jedi after trailer debuts at Star Wars Celebration Trailer unveiled The Weeknd, Sean 'Diddy' Combs and French Montana among surprise performers set to hit the stage at Coachella Big announcement  Ab fab! Serena Williams displays her chiseled figure in barely-there neon yellow bikini 'Just because' Tennis star showed off her incredible physique 'Coachella vibin'': Ashley Graham lounges topless by the pool in Palm Springs Ashley seemed ready for a weekend of relaxation at the festival  Cheers to freedom! Teresa Giudice toasts the good life on bikini break in Puerto Rico while husband Joe takes his turn behind bars  'Coachella Butterfly!' Paris Hilton flashes cleavage in plunging rainbow striped maxi dress as she attends star-studded music festival EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about his 'drug-fueled bromance' with Jack Nicholson, cheating on his wife and being left paralyzed  Letting her hair down! Kylie Jenner parties in Coachella without ex Tyga...as they both travel separately to music festival just days after split Hoopin' it up! Jimmy Fallon plays basketball as he films Saturday Night Live skit in NYC ahead of hosting first live coast-to-coast show ever Turned Up! Christina Milian flaunts toned legs in Daisy Dukes at PrettyLittleThing x PAPER magazine gala in Palm Springs Looked ready to party  His Wonderwall! Proud dad David Beckham shares video of son Cruz playing guitar... before downing uni shots together He's so proud  'Happy Easter': Candice Swanepoel shares adorable snaps of six-month-old son wearing knit bunny hat Clearly hopping mad about being a new mom Judge bars Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak from selling 'potentially embarrassing images or videos' of Fuller House actress She's just a girl! Gwen Stefani keeps it low-key in track jacket and jeans on shopping trip with son Apollo Out and about with her son  Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes svelte torso in skimpy ensemble as she parties at Coachella  A flirty bohemian chic crop top PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini boss! Rihanna parades around in tiny two-piece and sips wine after treating her staff to lavish work retreat in Mexico Juggling act! Zoe Saldana carries new born son Zen before taking a call on LA outing with husband Marco Perego The Avatar star  Ben Affleck 'preparing to move out of family guest house' as divorce from Jennifer Garner proceeds Is finalizing the end of their relationship  'Holy Boobies': Coco Austin flaunts her ample assets in plunging tight maxi dress on Instagram The wife of Ice-T wowed as usual  'Coachella ella': Shanina Shaik dons skimpy attire and Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage as stars arrive for desert music festival Led the star arrivals EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight, and threatened with a butcher knife... Ashley Graham reveals her shocking life story 'It's gettin real!': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share a smooch while posing proudly with pink cake they made for daughter Luna's 1st birthday Retail therapy! Kate Upton shops in eye-catching leopard print leggings in LA... after claiming 'this week just kicked my a**' Much-needed shopping Frail Yoko Ono, 83, raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats with a young man in her first public outing in months Vanessa Hudgens kicks off Coachella weekend by going topless poolside in Palm Springs Actress showcased her fit 5ft1in bikini body  Protesters who chased Ryan Lochte on Dancing With The Stars 'agree to pay $20K to stay out of jail' In what's known as a civil compromise  'New York vibes': Blac Chyna sports a red velvet tracksuit as she jets into the Big Apple for nightclub appearance A break from mum duty Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Beyonce jets off to Bora Bora with Jay Z for 'low key' holiday at private island Anniversary and babymoon 'You are pure love and joy!' Shannen Doherty pays birthday tribute to Sarah Michelle Gellar with sweet snap She just celebrated an Aries birthday herself What Prince George will wear on his first day at his new $22,000-a-year school - and how Kate will drive him there and back to 'give him normality'  Ready for anything! Eva Longoria brings wine and a pillow along for romantic getaway with husband José Bastón Spotted carrying a bottle of wine and fuzzy pillow Très chic! Jennifer Aniston keeps casually cool in long-line camel coat and shades as she enjoys a shopping trip with Justin Theroux in Paris Paris Jackson enjoys family dinner with brother Blanket... after sharing her fears he had been left to live alone Siblings spent quality time together The wedding is in five weeks - so how rotten that Pippa Middleton's fiance has had to swallow a $463,000 pay cut as profits at his hedge fund firm slump  The angels have landed at Coachella! Alessandra Ambrosio, Jasmine Tookes and Romee Strijd live it up at the Victoria's Secret 'oasis' Makeup-free Amy Adams looks relaxed in casual chic as she enjoys day out with husband and daughter Slowing down to enjoy  time off with her family  All bundled up! Hilary Duff throws denim jacket over colorful hoodie out and about in New York City Didn't take any chances with the weather 'She would work her butt off': Cate Blanchett used Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer while she filmed new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok Plays new villain  Harry Styles' first solo single scores number one spot in the charts... but 'still only achieves half the opening week success of Zayn Malik's debut' 'Everything is going to be ok!': Sandra Bullock donates $5,000 to Beverly Hills Hotel's former pool manager after he falls on hard times 'Life is not a movie set!' Rob Lowe's sons Matthew and John Owen tell Ellen about life with their 'manchild' father Actor got an earful from his kids Cristiano Ronaldo says a German magazine's claims he paid $375,000 to a woman who accused him of rape is 'a piece of fiction' Der Spiegel made claim Cristiano Ronaldo 'uses padding to make his package look bigger', model Elisa De Panicis claims after the pair spent time together in Ibiza 'My boobs are gone': The Bachelor star Lesley Murphy, 29, recovers in hospital bed after double mastectomy Her mom had cancer  Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter sugar-rich Nutella PICTURED: Pearl Mackie's anticipated debut as Peter Capaldi's assistant... as the rising star says it is 'about time' Doctor Who featured a gay character Lucky brake! James Corden narrowly misses being hit by a truck after viewing a house under construction with his wife Julia in LA Close call  Working it! Nicole Murphy displays her flawless figure in a sports bra as she she exercises in the heat Added some pizzazz with an array of jewels 'Oh no!': Cara Delevingne debuts colourful pixie crop as she chops off her locks while filming new drama Life In A Year Joked 'Oh No1!' 'She's the best parts of the both of us': Chrissy Teigen shares beautiful family portrait with husband John Legend for daughter Luna's first birthday Mom-of-two Natalie Portman looks slim and trim as she enjoys a hike with a pal near LA... just two months after giving birth to daughter Amalia I will always spoof you! Samuel L Jackson and Ryan Reynolds recreate Whitney Houston's 1992 movie poster from The Bodyguard Perfect parody 'I'm always kind of curious': Robert Pattinson admits he is interested in reprising his role as Edward Cullen in a 'radical' Twilight spin-off Heavy metal! As Chanel Iman and Victoria Justice step out in chainmail fashions, FEMAIL reveals how YOU can incorporate the look into your wardrobe Jennifer Aniston's half-brother AJ pictured trudging around with new girlfriend after 'abandoning' his two kids... as Friends star lives high life in Paris  Style Swoon: From a Lucy Hale approved accessory line, to Fendi's new retro-inspired sunglasses, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving now 'We couldn't be happier!' Jeff Goldblum, 64, and wife Emilie Livingston, 34, proudly announce birth of baby boy Wed three years ago Super size Megan! Miss Fox takes over Manhattan and stretches across Central Park in larger than life new ad Eye-popping photos Rich kids of Coachella! Sofia Richie jets off in helicopter with gal pals as celebrities head to desert music festival in style Flying high above trafic Sealed with an 'H'! Meghan Markle steps out wearing ANOTHER piece of jewelry with Prince Harry's initial on after the royal flew out to Toronto to see her Cheers to us! Ted Danson, 69, and wife of 22 years Mary Steenburgen enjoy romantic beach vacation in Hawaii Took a dip in the ocean . What breakup? Olivia Munn has a giggle with Keegan-Michael Key on the Canadian set of her new flickThe Predator following split from Aaron Rodgers 'An incredible mother:' Heath Ledger's sister Kate praises Michelle Williams for raising daughter Matilda in a 'wonderful environment' Her glowing tribute Johnny Depp joins rally against Arkansas' rushed plans to put to death seven inmates by end of April - as drug supplier says its product is not for execution  'Like cuddling our princess again': Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford hug Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd Three months since Star Wars actress died 'No makeup no filters!' Busy Philipps and Michelle Williams show off their natural beauty in glowing selfie Cougar Town alum posted touching selfie People actually LIKED Pepsi's ad! Poll shows half of young Americans had more favorable view of brand after seeing controversial Kendall Jenner commercial 'Google knows all!' Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant unearths footage of himself as a soap star on As The World Turns in 2008 Previous life as actor Slender Mel C stuns in side-split midi dress as she takes to the stage for passionate final tour performance in Dublin Singer, 43, showed off fit and toned physique  Woman, 21, reports that she was raped while backstage at a Chris Brown concert in Nebraska on Monday sparking police investigation Now for a drink! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick visit Malibu's Soho House after a day with their three kids Spending time alone The Trump fairy! Donald Jr posts photo of the $10 daughter Kai got for losing a tooth Showed off the pearly tooth his nine-year-old daughter had lost Country singer Sam Hunt 'set to wed' fiance Hannah Lee Fowler in Georgia this weekend  Lavish bash for on/off pair of 10 years who got engaged in January Now you can glow like Chrissy Teigen! The model teamed up with Becca Cosmetics on a gorgeous palette you'll want to wear every day this summer Snooze Wars: Underwhelming trailer for 'Last Jedi' premieres offering fans little hint of what to expect and only a brief glimpse of Princess Leia  'When I look at her, I see a future that I never saw': Hoda Kotb breaks down in tears as she talks about adopted baby Haley Joy in sweet video Stylish pair! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are a team in jeans and bomber jacket Lovebirds sported coordinating looks Catherine Zeta-Jones nails boho chic with $3,800 Chanel graffiti bag as she arrives at NY's JFK airport with husband Michael Douglas No Doubt release new tracks as new band Dreamcar... without Gwen Stefani Trio ventured out on own without Blake Shelton's girlfriend Angelina Jolie 'splashes out $25 million' on a sprawling Hollywood estate with six bedrooms and ten bathrooms... as she moves on from Brad Pitt Is that you, Hugh? Madame Tussauds in China unveils waxwork of Wolverine actor Jackman with bizarre GINGER bouffant hairstyle Mama-ste! Lea Thompson and daughter Zoey Deutch hold hands on their way to yoga They have an unbreakable bond and share love of acting Jamiroquai keyboard player Toby Smith dies aged 46, following reports he was 'secretly battling cancer'  Band's lead singer Jay Kay, 47, paid tribute 'I don't have a thigh gap and I'm still beautiful': Demi Lovato shows off her legs as she shares body positive post Took to Instagram All star abs! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably flat stomach while rocking sporty sweatsuit as has another busy day in New York City 'Good vibes only!' Lucy Hale brightens up her morning in a tank top and leggings as she enjoys an iced coffee on the way to a gym in Los Angeles Boom Clap singer Busty Charli XCX showcases her enviable assets and washboard stomach in a skimpy black bikini and jeans in sizzling selfie Jenna Bush Hager celebrates daughter Mila's 4th birthday with co-hosts - and fellow moms - Savannah Guthrie and Dylan Dreyer, and their kids 'I see the kids doing these kind of pics so...': Kathy Griffin, 56, looks ageless as she poses TOPLESS in a bid to keep up with women half her age 'I miss his laughter': Priscilla Presley reflects on Elvis 40 years after his death... and says The King  would NEVER be on Facebook if he were still alive Former 'American Idol' finalist Brandon Cox gets 70 years in prison for child porn after photos of young boys and infants were found on his computer Belle of the ball: Megyn Kelly poses with NBC colleagues Savannah and Lester then gives Fox News pal Sean Hannity a giant hug at media event 'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   Boys growing up fast  Queen Elizabeth advertises for new butler but candidates for $23,000-a-year job are warned they must pass exam and 'the learning curve will be steep' You've been framed: Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa wears statement glasses and figure-hugging dress as she touches down at LA airport 'Sick' Kim Kardashian attends premiere of The Promise but 'doesn't stay for the movie about the Armenian genocide after being taken unwell' Missed the main event Been Up All Night? Sleepy Liam Payne leaves a London studio wearing a HUGE gold chain as he and girlfriend Cheryl adjust to new parenthood 'Glad to be alive': Singer Meghan Linsey who found fame on The Voice is recovering from poisonous spider bite which left 'a hole' in her face Cara Delevingne debuts subtle pink locks as she wraps up warm while resuming filming for romantic drama Life In A Year Model switching to acting 'It was chaos': Warren Beatty on THAT Oscars mix up, whether You're So Vain is really about him... and the claim he's slept with more than 13,000 women Babewatch! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample assets and toned stomach in a skimpy red bikini as she hits the beach in the Seychelles  New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' Couple kept romance out of spotlight Hot Legs! Rod Stewart, 71, looks on proudly as wife Penny Lancaster, 46, flaunts her toned legs in ripped shorts during a family day out in Beverly Hills 'He'd sleep either zero or two hours a night': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary delving into actor's life is set to premiere Boom Clap singer Charli XCX looks kooky in an oversized pajama-style two-piece and tinted specs as she attends 2017 SESAC Pop Awards in NYC Jay Pharoah claims SNL only wanted him to impersonate famous black people, but says he is not a 'yes ni**a' as he speaks out for first time since firing  'Kill em all (with love)': Anwar Hadid makes a peaceful tweak to his Metallica hoodie as he heads to dinner with family and girlfriend Nicola Peltz 'You wouldn't stop calling!' Matthew Rhys first tried to woo now girlfriend Keri Russell 16 years ago... but she thought he was a 'buffoon' First class disguise! Katy Perry hides her head behind enormous envelope... before delivering the goods by revealing her famous features 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond he has with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Still enjoy hanging out Come here often? Basic Instinct star Sharon Stone gets chatted up by male customer as she gets nails done Unwinding Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take turns to spend time with their children... as it emerges they have both asked for joint custody in divorce papers Not such a Good Friday: Zara Tindall falls off her horse after negotiating a tricky water jump and has to be checked over by medical staff at an event in Norfolk 'She reminds me of Tana': Gordon Ramsay has a floor-to-ceiling picture of CINDY CRAWFORD in his home because he's convinced wife is her doppelgänger EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's brother Cody claims Fast And The Furious 9 'will be filmed and set in Australia' Called the decision 'long overdue' Diane Kruger commands attention in bright red blazer and patchwork jeans as she makes glamorous laundry run in New York She's just like us! Sugar Bear rips off his shirt in anger as he's cussed out by Pumpkin behind the scenes of Mama June reunion episode Flashpoint moment Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her age defying figure in thigh-skimming minidress as she prepares for her first ever show in the Dominican Republic 'Tired of seeing this s**t': Fans accuse model Shanina Shaik of 'cultural appropriation' after she debuts braided hairstyle for Coachella festival Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  Derriere on display! Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination as she dons skimpy bikini on beach in Miami Oops! Lena Dunham almost flashes too much flesh as she suffers wardrobe malfunction while filming in Brooklyn Outfit rode too far up her thighs as she walked Blac Chyna flashes her abs in form-fitting crop top as she steps out with a mystery male friend... after reuniting with Rob Kardashian Reportedly back on 'You are so perfect': Shirtless Justin Bieber sends fans into meltdown as he displays his new chest tattoos in latest social media selfie Jessica Simpson puts on a very busty display in form-fitting white top for dinner date with hubby Eric Johnson Stayed with friends for three hours 'You made us proud': Caitlyn Jenner sends well-wishes to transgender Survivor contestant Zeke Smith after the reality star is outed Abs-olutely fabulous! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts her incredible toned body in a tiny black bikini Posted on Instagram 'Youth is wasted on the young!' Lily Collins flaunts her toned legs in skinny jeans as she steps out with bold message emblazoned on her jacket 'I just joined the club': Kandi Burruss reveals she's been undergoing plastic surgery during a sneak peek of upcoming four-part RHOA reunion Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cozy up at The Promise premiere Doppelgänger vibes Fergie reveals 'green goo' is the secret to her amazing M.I.L.F body at 42 'It's spinach, kale, celery, apple, banana, pear' says the star  Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to his romance with Taylor Swift She's Heard it's on-trend: Amber debuts bubblegum pink hair... as she's pictured for the first time since leaving awards bash early following an emergency Nothing's changed! Keith Urban's UNSEEN 1982 high school class photo sees the country singer sporting boyish looks and signature long locks LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary Pair looked happy  Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Has Prince Charles bought Cornwall's Brown Willy? Royal is tipped as new owner of the county's highest point after it sold for nearly $4m  'You can't put a gender on love': Kelly Osbourne discusses her sexuality saying she's 'open to loving anybody' Refuses to define her sexuality Leggy Natalie Portman hides her post-pregnancy figure in chic knitted coat as she enjoys romantic stroll with husband Benjamin Millepied Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'co-parenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling The reality star turns 38 next week  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying body in dazzling white bikini as she shares photos from her sun-drenched family vacation Plane stunning! Chrissy Teigen shows off her lean legs with heavily ripped jeans and stylish wrap knit as she touches down in Los Angeles LA judge slashes Gotham star Morena Baccarin's $20K monthly spousal support to $5K... amid career uncertainty She's taken a hit  Coming to America sequel makes headway as Paramount hires original writers to pen script Paramount Pictures has hired the original writers  Mel B steps out in sporty ensemble in LA amid bitter divorce battle with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte Turned into Sporty Spice Russell Crowe, 53, keeps it casual in a T-shirt and jeans as he watches his beloved South Sydney Rabbitohs rugby team lose to Canterbury Bulldogs  Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts She looked stunning  He's a cool dad! Bradley Cooper sports thick beard and blue shades in first public outing since becoming a father Happy times for actor  What a swell guy! Chris Hemsworth poses for selfies with fans after the Thor: Ragnarok actor enjoys a Good Friday surf in Byron Bay, Australia Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival Mansion famously featured in The Big Chill finally sells for $1.76million, four years after it hit the market for $4.5million South Carolina property Late Carrie Fisher fondly remembered in touching tribute clip at Star Wars Celebration convention in Orlando Memorial to the iconic star of the franchise  Who needs boys? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows Chris Clark what he's missing as she hits Miami in a plunging bikini amid claims reality star 'dumped her' Bagged too many rays? Kelly Bensimon looks VERY tanned as she flashes cleavage at Most Powerful People In Media event Ex-Real Housewife star  'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Out in Beverly Hills  Zayn Malik's ex Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a plunging white bikini top as she hits the pool in Miami with her bandmates on a rare day off Family first! Lisa Rinna and daughter Amelia Gray walk arm-in-arm as they enjoy precious bonding time together in Beverly Hills Quality time together Sharp dressed man! Matthew McConaughey and his 80s retro mustache get a visit from wife Camila on Ohio set of new movie Into character She's not shy! Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm reveals her slender physique as she strips down to underwear in racy Instagram snap     DON'T MISS Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has $560 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  The price of beauty Make-up free Paris Jackson dons her free spirit style in vintage tee and army green leggings as she steps out in LA Went make-up free  She's a California Gurl! Katy Perry buys Beverly Hills mega mansion with infinity pool for $19M The property has five bedrooms, five and a half bathrooms  'Everybody in comedy is heartbroken': Dave Chappelle and John Mayer share poignant tribute to the late Charlie Murphy Shared their love  Julianne Hough gets the full VIP treatment at a nail salon in Beverly Hills as she cuts a slim figure in dark skinny jeans Pamper session 'Both things made my butt look great!' Sofia Vergara shares throwback in thong bikini... as she reveals 'trans-fats' and 'sun' helped back then 'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record 'Oh my goodness!': Kylie Jenner gets help from Caitlyn as she revamps glam room in $2.7m Calabasas mansion Showed off on Snapchat  Melania and Barron join Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago for Easter: First Lady and son fly in on a separate plane as the president spends weekend in Florida Miami mami! Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her tiny waist and bodacious booty in a thong bikini as she makes a splash with Little Mix in Florida 'WHY ARE WE ALWAYS YELLING!?' Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson trade barbs in VERY profane teaser for The Hitman's Bodyguard Every curse word going! Ellie Goulding opts for understated style as she leaves New York City hotel with her new boyfriend, British Olympic rowing hunk Casper Jopling Strutting her stuff! VS Angel Taylor Hill shows off model figure in white tank top as she arrives at LAX ahead of Coachella music festival Joining the celebrities  Flawless! Charlize Theron stuns in thigh-skimming mini dress as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live At the show's Hollywood studios  'It was a difficult habit to break': Hayden Christensen returns to Star Wars Celebration for first time in 15 years... and reveals his biggest shame Her breast assets! Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS while riding a quad bike and dancing with a female pal He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula. Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla The 32-year-old actress looked stylish  Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Transgender star slams talk queen in tell-all book Paul Walker's brother Cody arrives at Sydney Airport for a long weekend tour supporting late actor's disaster relief charity Supportive movement Biker chic! Sofia Richie rocks a racing jacket and big shades as she jets into LAX  Sofia Richie rocked an edgy but casual look as she arrived back in LA  New hair do care! Malin Akerman reveals new dark hair colour on Rampage set with Jeffrey Dean Morgan Billions star has a dramatic new do Oops! Ireland Baldwin suffers wardrobe malfunction as she falls over to reveal thong during LA photo shoot Model was exposed when her skirt flew up  Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Showstopping Bounced back quick! Amanda Seyfried shows off slim frame just three weeks after giving birth to baby girl Proud to show off her slender frame  It begins! Kylie Jenner is among the first to arrive ahead of Coachella as she steps off her private jet in Palm Springs Eager to get partying 'I was a centimeter away from being completely paralyzed': Charlize Theron reveals near-horrific injury on the set of Aeon Flux  Very dangerous Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at the Festival Serie Mania in Paris Timeless beauty! Actress Rose Byrne dons a chic monochrome look at panel event for TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks 'My cutie!' Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with daughter North West Kim can't help but fawn over three-year-old  'Don't blame her!' Alec Baldwin defends Kendall Jenner over yanked Pepsi ad saying she's a 'very young inexperienced woman' Blame her manager A reason to smile! Eva Longoria looks radiant in comfy loungewear after visit to Anastasia Beverly Hills At 43, she looks just as she did in her twenties Sheer-ly amazing! Glamorous Julianne Moore wows in see-through lace as she attends a photo exhibit in New York 70 years of Cannes EXCLUSIVE: Malia Obama heads to work in a yellow tank top a day after Secret Service confronted man outside her office She kept her head down  Jennifer Hudson showcases her sartorial style in an elegant ensemble as she wows the crowd at filming for the Graham Norton Show in London Full of Glee! Lea Michele can't stop smiling as she wows in a fitted black dress on set of Extra to promote her album Detailed silver buttons  She's got her hands full! Zoe Saldana carries her son and a playmate during family outing with Marco Perego in Beverly Hills Having fun together  Working out girl! Melanie Griffith rocks straighter and blonder hair as she showcases long legs in yoga pants The 59-year-old actress was in a sporty vibe That's a bold look! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts incredibly tiny waist and lean legs in skimpy frock Flaunted her assets  Ruby Rose is a lucky lady! The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso flaunts her petite frame as she poses in high-cut black lingerie  Looking fantastic  Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte Coachella vibes! Model Shanina Shaik shares throwback snap of herself wearing cheeky denim cut-offs and shaggy jacket at iconic California music festival 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Revealed he feels lucky to still have his dad Don't Breathe director Fede Alvarez to helm revival of David Bowie cult fantasy classic Labyrinth The director said he adores the original  Seder on the slopes: Ivanka Trump celebrates Passover with trip to Four Seasons Whistler resort while Jared Kushner heads to work in D.C. Child at heart! Ed Norton keeps low profile in hat and shades as he rides scooter alongside son Atlas in NYC The 47-year-old actor rocked a baseball cap  Play ball: Donald Trump Jr. and wife Vanessa head outside with daughter Kai and son Donnie for a game of catch in NYC Near their $5M pad Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic off-the-shoulder top and glam metallic trousers for date night with husband Andrew Levitas A sprinkle of Homeland stardust: F Murray Abraham works wonders in The Mentor Oscar winner is best also starred in TV's Homeland She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  A riposte to Posh  Sleepwear is streetwear now! Gigi Hadid wears sexy striped pajamas as she struts around New York City She sure got noticed Sibling revelry: Miley Cyrus enjoys hike with sister Brandi as she works on her fitness before mystery project Has not released any music since 2013 She's still the one! Shania Twain joins season 12 of The Voice as a mentor to the finalists She has been added to the lineup  Lana Del Rey oozes old Hollywood glamour in purple feathered coat as she graces cover of Dazed magazine Singer is seen in dreamy photoshoot  Broadway belongs to Bette and her Dolly! BAZ BAMIGBOYE sees the indestructible star give a rousing performance  Star wows in Hello Dolly! 'It gives me the sh*ts': Hugo Weaving says Australians are 'pathetically immature' about embracing their own culture and art Respected actor  EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire NHL team owner Daryl Katz slams allegations he offered Jane the Virgin star $1.5 million for sex claiming her husband made it all up 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner 'I'm not going to put up with it': Khloe Kardashian and BFF Malika Haqq accuse each other of neglecting friendship for boyfriends Long-time pals face off  Elle Fanning sports retro shades and Nike sweater while filming scenes with Peter Dinklage for I Think We're Alone Now in New York Reese Witherspoon cuts a svelte figure as she starts her day off workout and a healthy green smoothie Wore Aztec-patterned blue leggings Ab-tastic! Lily Collins bares her extremely toned midriff in sports bra and mesh leggings as she leaves gym Leggings complimented her long legs Love-struck Harry flies to Toronto to spend Easter with Meghan Markle just weeks after she paid the Prince a visit in London  Long-distance romance Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in sexy bright pink bikini on holiday Kelly Clarkson beams with pride as she celebrates her son Remington's 1st birthday American Idol winner gushed with pride  Theme park therapy: Mariah Carey bonds with her twins at Disneyland after recent break-up from toyboy Bryan Tanaka  Superstar single again FEMAIL breaks down the maternity fashion formulas that pregnant celebs like Beyoncé, Amal Clooney and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley can't stop wearing 'I don't know what to do': Kim Kardashian bursts into tears when she receives call about Kanye West's breakdown in new KUWTK clip 'Her imperfections made her perfect': Billie Lourd pays tribute to mother Carrie Fisher at Star Wars event in first public appearance since icon's death She's sure got a lot of front! Emma Roberts wears very naughty boob T-shirt for sunshine stroll Scream Queens star knows how to turn heads Shoes, glorious shoes! Sarah Jessica Parker revisits her Sex And The City character while promoting her collaboration with Manolo Blahnik Hollywood legend Christopher Walken is frisked by security guard at Atlanta airport... after filming scenes for new movie The War with Grandpa Natural beauty! Karlie Kloss proves simple is stunning as she shows off svelte figure in tight white T-Shirt and jeans Timberland boots made 6ft 2ins star even taller On the market! Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa single again after split from hockey player Nate Thompson Short-lived romance with Anaheim Ducks star  Yes she can-can! Tyga's topless ex Demi Rose covers her ample bust with just feathered pasties as she poses for racy burlesque-themed shoot 'It was a good landing!': Harrison Ford jokes about his taxiway blunder as he makes surprise appearance at Star Wars Celebration Teased about his flying  Twinsies! Rose McGowan and boyfriend Boots hold hands as they wear matching black on date night Going strong for five months now Survivor contestant Jeff issues groveling apology for outing Zeke Smith as transgender after shock moment is branded 'worst thing done in 34 seasons' Just in time! Armie Hammer reveals he nearly missed the birth of his newborn son due to surgery due to a freak accident Speaking to Kimmel  Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in nothing but skimpy briefs 'She's got blood on her hands!' Kelly Rowland's Whoa, Baby! book signing interrupted by anti-fur protesters Destiny's child singer was at New Jersey store  From fizz to frizz! Kendall Jenner makes bold comeback with big hair and strong eyebrows on cover of Harper's Bazaar after Pepsi debacle 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles PICTURED: Moment Matt Damon's daughter Stella, six, was stung by a jellyfish in Australia on vacation with Chris Hemsworth's family... as paramedics arrive Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi put LA condo back on the market for cut price of $7million Talk queen and wife selling off property Jet setting couple! Casey Affleck sports Seventies style mustache while flying out of LAX with his actress girlfriend Floriana Lima Meet Amy Boo Boo! Goldie Hawn plays pageant mom while Schumer is a toddler in tiara for hilarious new shoot Pair in new flick together Butler Has Fallen! Gerard Butler looks almost unrecognizable as he takes a tumble while filming scenes for new movie Keepers in Scotland 'They said they didn't dress people my size': Khloe Kardashian reveals stylists REFUSED to work with her before she lost weight Kim Kardashian flouts FDA warning to promote 'dangerous' morning sickness pill AGAIN - years after being pregnant Slammed in 2015 Miley Cyrus' 'nude snaps leak online as she falls victim to the same hackers as Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried' Explicit images 'It's predictable and silly': Defiant Sienna Miller BLASTS Brad Pitt dating reports... amid claims the duo 'flirted all night' at cozy LA dinner date 'I get people mailing me their resumes': Better Call Saul's Giancarlo Esposito gets mistaken for real-life drug kingpin They think he's for real How to get a summer body in just SEVEN days: Bear Grylls reveals how to tone your entire physique in record time Fitness program PICTURED: Rachel Bilson and Hayden Christensen sell their breathtaking four bedroom home in secluded Sherman Oaks for $3.8 million Christina El Moussa 'threatening to sue' skincare company using her image to sell anti-aging cream without her permission Reality star not happy  Kate Hudson, Rosario Dawson and Dianna Agron join Miley Cyrus in growing list of stars targeted by hackers whose nude photos have been leaked online Was Gigi Hadid's controversial headscarf cover to blame for the editor of Vogue Arabia getting 'fired'? Princess Deena Aljuhani Abdulaziz is out of job 'I'd get eggs thrown at me for being black': Idris Elba reveals he felt the 'full whack of racism' as a schoolboy... as it's rumored he's set to be first black James Bond Dancing all the way to the bank! Emma Watson is set to become Hollywood's highest paid actress as Beauty and the Beast makes a whopping $1 BILLION Big little fans: Reese Witherspoon and son Deacon Phillippe cheer on the LA Clippers after Oprah reveals she was 'intimidated' by the actress  He's a super dad! Chris Hemsworth teaches daughter India, four, to surf during beach outing in Australia with Matt Damon's family Kendall Jenner will 'host Coachella dating party'... marking her first public appearance following 'embarrassing' Pepsi ad backlash International backlash 'In Louvre': Justin Theroux gushes about wife Jennifer Aniston as they cuddle up for sweet Instagram snap while continuing Parisian getaway 'I've learned a lot of lessons': Katy Perry sports platinum locks for the May cover of Vogue... as she says 'I wouldn't go back to my 20s' Victoria's Secret Angels Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes flaunt their rock hard abs and endless legs as they present What Is Sexy Awards Harry Styles unveils release date and tracklist of eagerly anticipated solo debut album with shirtless snap of him in pool of pink water Magic Johnson's daughter Elisa flaunts her sexy bikini bod in skimpy swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with her beau Anthony in Miami Beach Slam dunk! Venus Williams swaps tennis for basketball as she shoots hoops in plunging top and skinny jeans for commercial Ttraded in her racket  Matt Damon puts on rare PDA with wife Luciana Barroso as couple smooch on vacation with Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky That's cheeky! Elsa Pataky kicks husband Chris Hemsworth's behind in an attempt to get his attention as they vacation in Australia with Matt Damon From Vanessa Redgrave's take on refugee crisis to Tilda Swinton's animal exploitation drama: Is this the most politically charged Cannes ever? Booty-ful and promising! Kim Kardashian wows in skintight gold dress at The Promise premiere  Looked gorgeous at the star-studded screening Fallen Angel: Victoria's Secret model Chanel Iman looks sensational in a skimpy silver backless dress as debuts new rainbow 'do on night out  Jennifer Garner goes make-up free as she rocks a casual denim shirt and cute mini skirt while running errands The actress, 44, looked fresh-faced  'I have never felt this violated in my entire life': WWE Diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents groped her at Boston airport Took to Twitter  Three generations! Caitlyn Jenner enjoys family day out with son Brandon and granddaughter Eva Slipped into a stylish blouse for playtime  Princess Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer looks worse for wear as she flashes her stomach and sips cocktails with friends at a bar in London  EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she 'felt hidden' and craved 'more freedom' during failed marriage PICTURED: Inside Jared Leto lavish Hollywood Hills home as he re-lists the pad for $1.9 MILLION which boasts recording studio and giant pool Selena Gomez and The Weeknd go their separate ways after spending the night together at her Los Angeles home Romance going strong Real Housewives of Pennsylvania Avenue! Kim Richards reveals she once dated Donald Trump... but refuses to say if they slept together Doesn't kiss and tell  Lisa Rinna, 53, and her model daughter Delilah Belle, 18, look more like sisters in bikini snap The handsome family are enjoying a vacation in Mexico  'You're The Footy Show!' Vin Diesel LETS LOOSE with Beau Ryan as he promotes Fast and Furious franchise Is in Australia on promotional duty  Watch out there's a new Housewife in town! Socialite Tinsley Mortimer makes debut on RHONY as she returns to Big Apple after mug shot shame 'This has hit him hard': Mel B 'blocks' Stephen Belafonte from her $50 million fortune... after claiming he 'controlled' her finances during decade long marriage Queen Elizabeth hands out a traditional Maundy Thursday coin for each of her 91 years to seniors as she joins the Duke of Edinburgh for prayer service  Date night! Jennifer Aniston dons cleavage-baring maxi dress as she enjoys dinner in Paris with husband Justin Theroux Romantic evening  'I want people to know me a little bit more than as Chris' wife': Elsa Pataky talks about family life  in Australia and her plans to 'start working' Down Under Prince of Wales... and Transylvania? Charles could be given extra title (to add to the 16 he's already got) because of his promotion of the Romanian region  Selfie-obsessed! Nicki Minaj cannot get her face out of her phone in new video for Major Lazer's Run Up She won't stop sharing snaps for anything  EXCLUSIVE: 'She's got that southern charm': Dorinda Medley opens up about her relationship with new RHONY cast member Tinsley Mortimer  Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter Kiera looks casual but chic at star-studded Norman screening The sikent movie star's relative stole the show  Taking the plunge! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts cleavage in VERY low cut black pantsuit at premiere of The Promise Star turned heads  Sex Pistols' John Lydon looks worlds away from his hellraiser heyday as he shows off fuller frame in conservative outfit while out in affluent Malibu Serving style! Maria Sharapova looks sartorially savvy in chic blazer and flowing white blouse as she heads for dinner in Hollywood Honed her style game His leading lady! Jolly Christian Bale shows off elegant wife Sibi as they wear black to The Promise premiere He is the movie's leading man Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc keep it casual as they rock jeans while helping their kids Charlotte and Aidan into a car for a family dinner out Effortless beauty! Olivia Culpo is the classic girl-next-door while dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans for day out in LA Any outfit looks fantastic Morrissey cancels Texas concert due to 'health concerns'... days after vocal struggles force him to pull plug on Arizona gig mid-performance Lady Victoria Hervey turns heads in a risqué sequined catsuit at The Promise premiere amid Mel B drama Fears she was secretly taped in threesome Olivia Munn's ex Aaron Rodgers had been making 'drastic changes' including working out with Nick Jonas instead of team amid split 'He called me a b**ch!' Iggy Azalea on why she rammed paparazzo with a shopping trolley in expletive-laden rant ... as rapper reveals she has a safe room Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, flashes the flesh in ripped shorts and flame themed crop top during spring break in Miami Still enjoying her trip 'You just don't do that to someone': Jeff Probst kicks out Survivor contestant who outed Zeke Smith as transgender Dramatically evicted  Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in leggings for lunch with gal pal Rosanna Arquette Had a bite to eat with her partner in crime  Today's headlines Most Read Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically-chanting North Korean troops... Cops who Facebook live-streamed their day including bragging about 'shooting the sh** out of a dog,' dishing... Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and... 'He's not a jerk!': Fiancée of stock broker who 'stopped dating hot women because they are full of... Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the true nature of the love-hate relationship... Adding insult to injury: United did NOT take passenger's bags off his plane after he was dragged off - then... Delta approves offers of up to $10,000 to flyers who give up seats on overbooked flights after United... BREAKING NEWS: Panic at New York's Penn Station as cops taser a man causing a stampede of passengers who... Man sues gay dating app Grindr after more than a thousand men turn up looking for sex at his house and WORK... Arkansas judge blocks the 'conveyer belt of death' execution of seven death-row inmates in a month EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's... The off-cuty cop who tried to take down Pulse nightclub killer: Bodycam pictures reveal first desperate... Fears grow for Nordstrom employee, 28, after she failed to arrive at a doctors appointment and her car was... Retired NFL tight end accidentally runs over and kills his three-year-old daughter Federal government reports deficit of $526 BILLION despite record-breaking income and payroll tax collection Actress tells how she was sexually assaulted and pushed onto subway tracks in terrifying ordeal... Could this missile one day nuke the west coast of America? Kim Jong Un unveils huge new ICBM at 'Day of the... As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago... Special forces raid, missile strike, cyber warfare or MORE negotiations: Trump's choices for dealing with... He knows he can't win but it would be an unimaginable humiliation for him to back down: In a deadly game of... Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92... ‘We will pulverize the headquarters of evil and ruthlessly ravage US troops’: North Korea makes menacing... 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the... 'I've rarely felt more fearful for the future': PETER OBORNE, the first journalist to visit the Syrian... Inside the world's most secretive nation: Journalist goes undercover to capture a side of North Korea we... Utah judge PRAISES Mormon bishop and calls him an 'extraordinarily good man' as he sentences him for rape of... 'Sorry but I backed over Tobey. He's dead': The heartless letter UPS driver left behind after killing... ‘Mark is why I’m walking’: Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg says that CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife ‘saved her... What first impression does YOUR profile picture make? This AI system will help you find out MORE HEADLINES Hilarious moment two Jeep drivers get their own back on an ‘arrogant’ driver for parking across two spaces Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92 ISIS militants in Afghanistan... but terror group DENY any of their fighters died Christians in Philippines nail themselves to crosses and furiously whip themselves as act of penitence in Good Friday ritual EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about his 'drug-fueled bromance' with Jack Nicholson, how he cheated on his spouse with his best friend's wife and was paralyzed by a mysterious illness in new memoir His and Hers jets, paid for with YOUR tax dollars: Melania adds $100,000 to Trump's massive travel tab so she could fly separately to Mar-a-Lago with Barron, just minutes apart from the President EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's no-show as he stays home with his brother's widow who is now his lover  Putin’s ‘Father Of All Bombs’ is FOUR TIMES more powerful than Trump’s 'Mother Of All Bombs' that killed 36 ISIS militants in Afghanistan Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter sugar-rich Nutella Aaron Hernandez weeps as he is found NOT GUILTY in double murder over spilled drink in nightclub - but he's still in jail for life for previous murder Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically-chanting North Korean troops parade through Pyongyang for Kim Jong Un on Day of the Sun amid threats of nuclear war Serving Navy SEAL, 42, has been moonlighting as 'Jay Voom' - a porn star with 29 films to his name - after falling on hard times  The Furred Reich! Furry annual convention cancelled amid community's bitter divisions over rise of alleged neo-Nazi Mr 'Foxler' and the 'altfur' movement Frail Yoko Ono, 83, raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats with a young man in her first public outing in months 'Give me a fork and a knife!': Terrifying video of grandmother dressed as her alter-ego Nelda the witch emerges as she gets THREE life sentences for child abuse EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight by one boyfriend and threatened with a butcher knife by another, Ashley Graham reveals the demons that dogged her as she became the IT plus-sized supermodel in new memoir Shocking moment the roof of the world-famous Bellagio Hotel goes up in flames and closes down the Las Vegas strip Belle of the ball: Megyn Kelly poses with NBC colleagues Savannah and Lester then gives Fox News pal Sean Hannity a giant hug at media event as she says she is ready to return to work 'You are not safe for us': Muslim woman films Rome airport staff REFUSING to allow her on a flight to London while wearing a hijab and accuses them of discrimination after 'seeing nuns board in headscarves' 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the terrifying moment the US dropped the Mother Of All Bombs on ISIS terrorists  Incredible colorized photos of Abraham Lincoln's assassination conspirators revealed on the 152nd anniversary of fateful shooting BREAKING NEWS: Panic at New York's Penn Station as cops taser a man causing a stampede of passengers who feared he had a gun  The U.S. Mother Of All Bombs that killed 36 ISIS militants and took out IED belts, tunnels and caves in Afghanistan was simply ‘the best weapon to clear an obstacle’ in offensive against 20 terror groups, says Pentagon Angry father 'chops off a 15-year-old boy's PENIS and gouges out his eyes because he thought the teen was sleeping with his daughter'  Girlfriend sues her doctor ex after he slipped Plan B 'Morning After' pill into her drinks without telling her so she wouldn't get pregnant  As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago without his chief of staff or some key advisors Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and spinning table 'Do not jump because it WILL hurt': Golden Gate Bridge to get steel suicide prevention nets after more than 1,500 deaths MOST READ IN DETAIL Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
BUSINESS Google wants to give you fashion tips with its newest feature Google logo Virginia Mayo / Associated Press In this March 23, 2010, file photo, the Google logo is seen at the company's location in Brussels. In this March 23, 2010, file photo, the Google logo is seen at the company's location in Brussels. (Virginia Mayo / Associated Press) Samantha MasunagaContact Reporter Google is known for doing lots of things well — but fashion isn’t one of them. It is, after all, the company that tried to make Google Glass seem cool. But the search giant isn’t giving up on style yet, announcing Friday a new feature for mobile users that could help them choose outfits. Google will use its image search to show “inspirational lifestyle images and outfits” to those scanning through fashion product photos, offering ideas of how to style items in real life. Google said its new feature will also show users “similar items” to the ones they’re browsing. These moves may make Google a bigger competitor to Pinterest, which for many is the go-to destination for fashion inspiration. The San Francisco company has developed a visual search tool that allows users to upload images of items and find out where they can buy them or similar products. “When it comes to fashion,” Google says in its statement, “it’s hard to know where to start.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Air Force dropped what's called the 'mother of all bombs' in Afghanistan. As president, Trump has backed off many of his provocative foreign policy promises. A nonprofit developer wants to build affordable housing in Boyle Heights. To California cannabis brands, Coachella means potential customers. The Air Force dropped what's called the 'mother of all bombs' in Afghanistan. As president, Trump has backed off many of his provocative foreign policy promises. A nonprofit developer wants to build affordable housing in Boyle Heights. To California cannabis brands, Coachella means potential customers. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss The Air Force dropped what's called the 'mother of all bombs' in Afghanistan. As president, Trump has backed off many of his provocative foreign policy promises. A nonprofit developer wants to build affordable housing in Boyle Heights. To California cannabis brands, Coachella means potential customers. The Air Force dropped what's called the 'mother of all bombs' in Afghanistan. As president, Trump has backed off many of his provocative foreign policy promises. A nonprofit developer wants to build affordable housing in Boyle Heights. To California cannabis brands, Coachella means potential customers. Caption Aerial Footage of MOAB Bomb Striking Cave, Tunnel System A GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb strikes an ISIS-K cave and tunnel systems in the Achin district of the Nangarhar Province in eastern Afghanistan at 7:32 p.m. local time April 13, 2017. A GBU-43/B Massive Ordnance Air Blast bomb strikes an ISIS-K cave and tunnel systems in the Achin district of the Nangarhar Province in eastern Afghanistan at 7:32 p.m. local time April 13, 2017. Caption Disabled parking fraud undercover operation (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) (Video by Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption Do you have what it takes to be a Laker Girl? Every year, the Laker Girls hold open auditions for a spot on their team. So our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, decided he wanted to find out if he had what it takes to be a member of the famous dance squad. Every year, the Laker Girls hold open auditions for a spot on their team. So our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Crutcher, decided he wanted to find out if he had what it takes to be a member of the famous dance squad. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Washington and Moscow tried to slow a free fall in relations. British Columbia enacted North America’s first tax on carbon emissions nearly a decade ago. Parked illegally in a space reserved for the disabled? Chicken will soon be making a comeback to school menus across L.A. Credits: Getty / KTLA / Los Angeles Times Graphics / Mark Boster / Mel Melcon Washington and Moscow tried to slow a free fall in relations. British Columbia enacted North America’s first tax on carbon emissions nearly a decade ago. Parked illegally in a space reserved for the disabled? Chicken will soon be making a comeback to school menus across L.A. Credits: Getty / KTLA / Los Angeles Times Graphics / Mark Boster / Mel Melcon samantha.masunaga@latimes.com Twitter: @smasunaga Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Trump administration faces few good military options in North Korea Leaving coastal California is a 'no-brainer' for some as housing costs rise NFL player Konrad Reuland died at 29. But his heart saved baseball legend Rod Carew Most Popular Coachella Local Sports Entertainment Politics Place An Ad 58°
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 13 Share on Facebook 39 Share on Twitter Total Shares104 Applications Google News Google Now on Tap was introduced alongside Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which used context on your screen to help you find information. Google Assistant replaced Now on Tap (for compatible devices), and carried over most of its functionality. Now Assistant is making it slightly more obvious that it can search your screen and take screenshots.    Left: Old design; Center, Right: New design Before, screen search results would appear below the main Assistant prompt after a few seconds, and the screenshot button was found below the screen search results. Buttons for screen search and taking a screenshot are now immediately visible when Assistant is opened. This is a minor improvement, but definitely a welcome one. The change appears to be part of a server-side update, so if you don't have it, you will soon. Thanks: Łukasz Tags assistant Google google now on tap now on tap Screen Search screenshot ui subscribe ... Previous Story Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger ... Next Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 Finally. The old swipe up barely even worked most of the time. I've been waiting for them to do something like this. Paul Smith Don't even have assistant yet... Nexus 5x 7.12 samiazza Same here, is there any way to get it without root? Suresh Aryal Change the phone language to US English, delete Google app data and you should be running Assistant after few setup screens or just wait for few hours. samiazza Thank you, it worked:-) belac77 that's so weird. I've had Assistant on my Moto G Play running Marshmallow from the second or third day the rollout began! Zahir_SMASH be glad you don't. Alex Dueppen Is it just me or did Assistant get rid of the OCR thing where you could select text on your screen? Bombaglad this was never a part of assistant, only now on tap Nicholas Matranga Nope, they removed it for some reason. That was one of the main things I used now on tap for. Corbin Davenport That feature was never ported to Assistant. Mohammad Fazal Love this Now on tap feature. And now its gone :/ Evgany Used it all the time. Bring it back. Ruel Johnson It's still there you highlight the text then once you open assistant you tap "What's on my screen" Rami Hmm, never knew that worked. Still doesn't help if the text is in an image or it is non selectable text. Steve Riendeau Awesome, thank you! XgudwilX Not the same. You could copy text from within any app, screen, photo, whatever. Even a photo you took of a food label, street sign, or hand written note. Many languages and fonts too. You'd just hit the little copy (👆🏿)icon and go to town. It was amazing. The Now On Tap reverse image search, from within the camera app was awesome too. Much faster than what the Assistant tries to do. It's usually hit or miss. Oh well, maybe this new change is Google making room to bring back the text select (👆🏿) icon! MayorMcCheese Main reason I removed Assistant David Hyman While not ideal and not always a option, you can select text and then trigger the assistant and it'll use that for search context. And there are other apps CTRL-F (I think) that does basically the same thing. So you can share the screenshot with CTRL-F and then copy the text form there kalehv Also I remember Google Now on Tap did screen search when Camera was open. Was helpful to read barcodes but now that's gone. I don't want to install another app just to read barcodes, or QR codes whatever. mjmdroid Got it and already used it more than 4 times today Nicholas Smith Is there any way to use google assistant to schedule calendar events from your text messages? That was a huge feature of on-tap and I don't get why it went away. SocialSupaCrew Yes it's still present with assistant :) Miles Reiter What kind of context were you using that feature in with Assistant? I was trying to get that to work the other day with a clearly spelled out date and time from an email, and it wasn't finding a thing on my screen. motoridersd Awesome! I hated scrolling down to get to the button, so I wasn't using this feature much. This is much better. Eddy Nelson Lopez They need to bring text selection back! Deeco I got a Screenshot of not having Google Assistant, shall I share? FU Google demarcmj no thank you abqnm Maybe someday they'll add a button to open the damn Google app from the assistant pop-up. If I can't talk to my phone, I want to still be able to search without having to go back to the homescreen and then into the Google app. Miles Reiter I'm thinking about writing some kind of case study around the rollout of Assistant and the pro's/con's compared to Now on Tap. What you mentioned is definitely a pain point in my own usage. I'm curious whether there's anything else (good or bad) that stands out to you about Assistant. Luke Taylor As a language learner, one of the big setbacks about GA is that I no longer have the ability to translate my screen or select specific text on my screen if the screen search doesn't pull up any results. I used those on a daily basis! Grey It's easy. You hit the Google icon next to the search, nothing happens, you fumble around, you tap the search box, you swipe up and down, you get very frustrated, and eventually it randomly closes on you when you try pressing the phone back button, so you press the "recent apps" button but it doesn't exist and you get even more frustrated so you tap the Home Screen Search Box and tap the Google icon and Google Now might load. See? Easy. LOL There are still things that Google Now does better then Assistant.....Very annoying Cory S Eh, I think Now did just about everything better than Assistant. aRvInD I want my Google Now onTap back? Is there any mod to get it? Zahir_SMASH Change your phone's language to US Virgin Islands English. You get Now On Tap back, and Google's voice responses get an Australian accent, which I think you can fix, but I find charming in its own way. titetanium Go to apkmirror and download Google App version 6.11.21 or earlier. You'll probably lose any recent data saved in the current version, but Now on Tap will be back. Don't upgrade the app afterwards. Profit. Zahir_SMASH That's a lot more trouble than just changing your language to another English option titetanium Perhaps, but you won't have to worry about getting Assistant going forward as long as you stay on the old version. How long before El Goog updates the other English language options to have Assistant? Miles Reiter What are some of those things that Now did better for you? To be clear I definitely agree, just looking for some things I might not have thought of for writing a case study on the subject! LOL To be honest I don't really use them often. But I really like how Google Now gives you this nice weather card with ton of info, there is no such a thing in Assistant. Also Google Now is able tell which song is playing, again it's missing from Assistant brownjames Text search from any screen. Selection of non selectable onscreen text. Language translation of non selectable text onscreen. Those are my favorite 3 features of Now on Tap that are not in Assistant. Luke Taylor Exactly the same as you. Text translation and selection was used daily by me. Hugely bummed that Assistant can't do it. Michel Sa I could do image searrch (searching by image) using Now on tap, Assistant can't Mohit Saini Will Moto X2 get google assistant? Or it's only available to 64bit devices like s7,nexus 6p...... Zahir_SMASH Pretty sure it is supposed to be rolling out to any device with Marshmallow and up. Corbin Davenport It's for any phone (not tablet) running 6.0 and up, and I think there's a minimum RAM requirement too. Zahir_SMASH Good to know, thanks blindexecutioner Still isn't as good as now on tap. Before when I'd use that on my home screen it would bring up a bunch of options like navigate to work or home. Now it just says there isn't anything. Margaritas Ante Porcos Bixby button is a good place for Google Assistant. diskostu I hate the Assistant, but I love Now On Tap. Is there any way to get Now On Tap back? ro.opa.eligible_device=false does not work anymore. Major Sceptic I liked on tap too , the assistant may be ok in some ways , but I find myself using the AI features less now than when I had on tap . Sometimes I wonder if having all the Wizz bang software that tries to make life easier by bombarding us with constantly​ with organisational​ suggestions that it may in fact be more like a nagging mother in-law . Or I'm just getting old and grumpy in my old age 😎 ? _jack_ You're not. Guilherme Pata Typing to the assistant as you do in Allo would be a real feature. This button doesn't do much when all you had to do before was swipe up... itsatrap It's not as good as Now on tap. demarcmj Didn't this happen like a month ago? https://www.google.com/search?q=google+assistant+%22What%27s+on+my+screen%22&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8 All the results are from around 3/15 (ish) Corbin Davenport It's been rolling out slowly. demarcmj Interesting. I figured the roll-out was about done since I have it and I never get anything early. Still, staged roll-out or not, I was surprised to see that you guys hadn't covered this already. Cakefish Still no assistant available in the UK on a non-Pixel device... hurry up Google. And bring YouTube Red over here while you're at it. Why is Google so lethargic with updates? freshprince_87 Never cared for the now on tap screenshot option. kalehv I also wish that Assistant could be dismissed by just swiping down. It shows up from bottom halfway to the top and it stretches to top when you pull it up only makes me think it could be pulled down to dismiss but .... Dan it does that if it's still on the bottom half of the screen. just tried it. kalehv Yeah but you pull it up to go all the way to top makes me think you can pull it down as well which doesn't work. Ishti Screen translation and text recognition scanning missing. Portzblitz Smart. Before, when you'd summon Assistant, whether you needed more info or not, Google would be processing at the bottom anyway even though few people ever actually swipe up for it; now, the button can be instantly available, but the processing will only happen for people who press it. Separates the task load. Michel Sa Where is the image search from Now on tap! Assistant is a step back. DC_Guy It's MUCH more useful this way. I take a lot of screenshots and i hated always having to scroll down to get to the share button. Sang Ngaihte No Assistant till now in India. Only Now on tap. Sibin C Baby I need the old text selection back....That's the only reason I'm still continuing in Google now Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 320 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 105 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 13 Share on Facebook 39 Share on Twitter Total Shares104 Applications Google News Google Now on Tap was introduced alongside Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which used context on your screen to help you find information. Google Assistant replaced Now on Tap (for compatible devices), and carried over most of its functionality. Now Assistant is making it slightly more obvious that it can search your screen and take screenshots.    Left: Old design; Center, Right: New design Before, screen search results would appear below the main Assistant prompt after a few seconds, and the screenshot button was found below the screen search results. Buttons for screen search and taking a screenshot are now immediately visible when Assistant is opened. This is a minor improvement, but definitely a welcome one. The change appears to be part of a server-side update, so if you don't have it, you will soon. Thanks: Łukasz Tags assistant Google google now on tap now on tap Screen Search screenshot ui subscribe ... Previous Story Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger ... Next Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 Finally. The old swipe up barely even worked most of the time. I've been waiting for them to do something like this. Paul Smith Don't even have assistant yet... Nexus 5x 7.12 samiazza Same here, is there any way to get it without root? Suresh Aryal Change the phone language to US English, delete Google app data and you should be running Assistant after few setup screens or just wait for few hours. samiazza Thank you, it worked:-) belac77 that's so weird. I've had Assistant on my Moto G Play running Marshmallow from the second or third day the rollout began! Zahir_SMASH be glad you don't. Alex Dueppen Is it just me or did Assistant get rid of the OCR thing where you could select text on your screen? Bombaglad this was never a part of assistant, only now on tap Nicholas Matranga Nope, they removed it for some reason. That was one of the main things I used now on tap for. Corbin Davenport That feature was never ported to Assistant. Mohammad Fazal Love this Now on tap feature. And now its gone :/ Evgany Used it all the time. Bring it back. Ruel Johnson It's still there you highlight the text then once you open assistant you tap "What's on my screen" Rami Hmm, never knew that worked. Still doesn't help if the text is in an image or it is non selectable text. Steve Riendeau Awesome, thank you! XgudwilX Not the same. You could copy text from within any app, screen, photo, whatever. Even a photo you took of a food label, street sign, or hand written note. Many languages and fonts too. You'd just hit the little copy (👆🏿)icon and go to town. It was amazing. The Now On Tap reverse image search, from within the camera app was awesome too. Much faster than what the Assistant tries to do. It's usually hit or miss. Oh well, maybe this new change is Google making room to bring back the text select (👆🏿) icon! MayorMcCheese Main reason I removed Assistant David Hyman While not ideal and not always a option, you can select text and then trigger the assistant and it'll use that for search context. And there are other apps CTRL-F (I think) that does basically the same thing. So you can share the screenshot with CTRL-F and then copy the text form there kalehv Also I remember Google Now on Tap did screen search when Camera was open. Was helpful to read barcodes but now that's gone. I don't want to install another app just to read barcodes, or QR codes whatever. mjmdroid Got it and already used it more than 4 times today Nicholas Smith Is there any way to use google assistant to schedule calendar events from your text messages? That was a huge feature of on-tap and I don't get why it went away. SocialSupaCrew Yes it's still present with assistant :) Miles Reiter What kind of context were you using that feature in with Assistant? I was trying to get that to work the other day with a clearly spelled out date and time from an email, and it wasn't finding a thing on my screen. motoridersd Awesome! I hated scrolling down to get to the button, so I wasn't using this feature much. This is much better. Eddy Nelson Lopez They need to bring text selection back! Deeco I got a Screenshot of not having Google Assistant, shall I share? FU Google demarcmj no thank you abqnm Maybe someday they'll add a button to open the damn Google app from the assistant pop-up. If I can't talk to my phone, I want to still be able to search without having to go back to the homescreen and then into the Google app. Miles Reiter I'm thinking about writing some kind of case study around the rollout of Assistant and the pro's/con's compared to Now on Tap. What you mentioned is definitely a pain point in my own usage. I'm curious whether there's anything else (good or bad) that stands out to you about Assistant. Luke Taylor As a language learner, one of the big setbacks about GA is that I no longer have the ability to translate my screen or select specific text on my screen if the screen search doesn't pull up any results. I used those on a daily basis! Grey It's easy. You hit the Google icon next to the search, nothing happens, you fumble around, you tap the search box, you swipe up and down, you get very frustrated, and eventually it randomly closes on you when you try pressing the phone back button, so you press the "recent apps" button but it doesn't exist and you get even more frustrated so you tap the Home Screen Search Box and tap the Google icon and Google Now might load. See? Easy. LOL There are still things that Google Now does better then Assistant.....Very annoying Cory S Eh, I think Now did just about everything better than Assistant. aRvInD I want my Google Now onTap back? Is there any mod to get it? Zahir_SMASH Change your phone's language to US Virgin Islands English. You get Now On Tap back, and Google's voice responses get an Australian accent, which I think you can fix, but I find charming in its own way. titetanium Go to apkmirror and download Google App version 6.11.21 or earlier. You'll probably lose any recent data saved in the current version, but Now on Tap will be back. Don't upgrade the app afterwards. Profit. Zahir_SMASH That's a lot more trouble than just changing your language to another English option titetanium Perhaps, but you won't have to worry about getting Assistant going forward as long as you stay on the old version. How long before El Goog updates the other English language options to have Assistant? Miles Reiter What are some of those things that Now did better for you? To be clear I definitely agree, just looking for some things I might not have thought of for writing a case study on the subject! LOL To be honest I don't really use them often. But I really like how Google Now gives you this nice weather card with ton of info, there is no such a thing in Assistant. Also Google Now is able tell which song is playing, again it's missing from Assistant brownjames Text search from any screen. Selection of non selectable onscreen text. Language translation of non selectable text onscreen. Those are my favorite 3 features of Now on Tap that are not in Assistant. Luke Taylor Exactly the same as you. Text translation and selection was used daily by me. Hugely bummed that Assistant can't do it. Michel Sa I could do image searrch (searching by image) using Now on tap, Assistant can't Mohit Saini Will Moto X2 get google assistant? Or it's only available to 64bit devices like s7,nexus 6p...... Zahir_SMASH Pretty sure it is supposed to be rolling out to any device with Marshmallow and up. Corbin Davenport It's for any phone (not tablet) running 6.0 and up, and I think there's a minimum RAM requirement too. Zahir_SMASH Good to know, thanks blindexecutioner Still isn't as good as now on tap. Before when I'd use that on my home screen it would bring up a bunch of options like navigate to work or home. Now it just says there isn't anything. Margaritas Ante Porcos Bixby button is a good place for Google Assistant. diskostu I hate the Assistant, but I love Now On Tap. Is there any way to get Now On Tap back? ro.opa.eligible_device=false does not work anymore. Major Sceptic I liked on tap too , the assistant may be ok in some ways , but I find myself using the AI features less now than when I had on tap . Sometimes I wonder if having all the Wizz bang software that tries to make life easier by bombarding us with constantly​ with organisational​ suggestions that it may in fact be more like a nagging mother in-law . Or I'm just getting old and grumpy in my old age 😎 ? _jack_ You're not. Guilherme Pata Typing to the assistant as you do in Allo would be a real feature. This button doesn't do much when all you had to do before was swipe up... itsatrap It's not as good as Now on tap. demarcmj Didn't this happen like a month ago? https://www.google.com/search?q=google+assistant+%22What%27s+on+my+screen%22&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8 All the results are from around 3/15 (ish) Corbin Davenport It's been rolling out slowly. demarcmj Interesting. I figured the roll-out was about done since I have it and I never get anything early. Still, staged roll-out or not, I was surprised to see that you guys hadn't covered this already. Cakefish Still no assistant available in the UK on a non-Pixel device... hurry up Google. And bring YouTube Red over here while you're at it. Why is Google so lethargic with updates? freshprince_87 Never cared for the now on tap screenshot option. kalehv I also wish that Assistant could be dismissed by just swiping down. It shows up from bottom halfway to the top and it stretches to top when you pull it up only makes me think it could be pulled down to dismiss but .... Dan it does that if it's still on the bottom half of the screen. just tried it. kalehv Yeah but you pull it up to go all the way to top makes me think you can pull it down as well which doesn't work. Ishti Screen translation and text recognition scanning missing. Portzblitz Smart. Before, when you'd summon Assistant, whether you needed more info or not, Google would be processing at the bottom anyway even though few people ever actually swipe up for it; now, the button can be instantly available, but the processing will only happen for people who press it. Separates the task load. Michel Sa Where is the image search from Now on tap! Assistant is a step back. DC_Guy It's MUCH more useful this way. I take a lot of screenshots and i hated always having to scroll down to get to the share button. Sang Ngaihte No Assistant till now in India. Only Now on tap. Sibin C Baby I need the old text selection back....That's the only reason I'm still continuing in Google now Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 320 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 105 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up NFL NBA MLB NHL CFB Recruiting CBB UFC Soccer NASCAR Fantasy Golf Shop Tennis Cycling Boxing Horse Racing Podcasts Local Running Water Polo Wrestling Outsports Video Odds Blogs StubHub More NFL Arizona Cardinals Atlanta Falcons Baltimore Ravens Buffalo Bills Carolina Panthers Chicago Bears Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Daily Fantasy Football Advice Dallas Cowboys Denver Broncos Detroit Lions Fantasy Football Green Bay Packers Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Kansas City Chiefs Los Angeles Rams Miami Dolphins Minnesota Vikings NFL Mock Draft NFL Odds New England Patriots New Orleans Saints New York Giants New York Jets Oakland Raiders Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers San Diego Chargers San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks Tampa Bay Buccaneers Tennessee Titans Washington Redskins All NFL NBA Atlanta Hawks Boston Celtics Brooklyn Nets Charlotte Hornets Chicago Bulls Cleveland Cavaliers D-League and International Dallas Mavericks Denver Nuggets Detroit Pistons Golden State Warriors Houston Rockets Indiana Pacers Los Angeles Clippers Los Angeles Lakers Memphis Grizzlies Miami Heat Milwaukee Bucks Minnesota Timberwolves NBA Odds New Orleans Pelicans New York Knicks Oklahoma City Thunder Orlando Magic Philadelphia 76ers Phoenix Suns Portland Trail Blazers Sacramento Kings San Antonio Spurs Sonics Rising Toronto Raptors Utah Jazz WNBA and NCAA WBB Washington Wizards All NBA MLB Arizona Diamondbacks Atlanta Braves Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox Chicago Cubs Chicago White Sox Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Indians Colorado Rockies Daily Fantasy Baseball Advice Detroit Tigers Fake Teams FanDuel One-Day Fantasy Baseball Houston Astros Kansas City Royals Los Angeles Angels Los Angeles Dodgers MLB Odds MLB Trade Rumors Miami Marlins Milwaukee Brewers Minnesota Twins Minor League / Rookies / Prospects New York Mets New York Yankees Oakland Athletics Philadelphia Phillies Pittsburgh Pirates Sabermetrics San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants Seattle Mariners St. Louis Cardinals Tampa Bay Rays Texas Rangers Toronto Blue Jays Washington Nationals All MLB NHL Anaheim Ducks Arizona Coyotes Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Calgary Flames Carolina Hurricanes Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Columbus Blue Jackets Dallas Stars Detroit Red Wings Edmonton Oilers Fantasy Hockey Florida Panthers Kings, Sharks, & Ducks Kings, Sharks, & Ducks Los Angeles Kings Minnesota Wild Montreal Canadiens NHL Odds Nashville Predators New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Ottawa Senators Philadelphia Flyers Pittsburgh Penguins San Jose Sharks St. Louis Blues Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Vancouver Canucks Washington Capitals Winnipeg Jets All NHL CFB Advanced College Football Stats College Football Odds College Football Recruiting Every Day Should Be Saturday View team list All CFB Recruiting CBB Bracketology College Basketball Odds View team list All CBB UFC Bloody Elbow MMA Fight Schedule MMA Fighters MMA Fighting MMA Mania MMA Rankings Soccer English Premier League German Bundesliga Italian Serie A MLS NWSL Odds Spanish La Liga View team list Womens World Cup 2015 All Soccer NASCAR Fantasy FanDuel One-Day Fantasy Basketball FanDuel One-Week Fantasy Football One-Day Fantasy Basketball Advice One-Week Fantasy Football Advice Golf Shop College Shop MLB Shop NASCAR Shop NBA Shop NFL Shop NHL Shop Soccer Shop UFC Shop Tennis Cycling Boxing Horse Racing Podcasts Local Running Water Polo Wrestling Outsports Video Odds Blogs StubHub ✕ MLB Editorials & #HotTakes MLB Happy 10th birthday to ‘Here comes the pizza’ New, 18 comments Or, “The unwritten rules of throwing a slice of pizza at someone four seats away.” by Grant Brisbee@mccoveychron Apr 14, 2017, 1:25pm EDT tweet share pin Rec When one enters “Here comes the” into Google, autocomplete suggests a lot of things. Here comes the sun. Here comes the airplane. Here comes the boom. Here comes the Lion Guard. When you enter “Here comes the” into Google, though, your internet history gets sucked into the algorithm, and “Here comes the pizza” is the first result. Congratulations. You’re in a special club. It’s not that special, of course. There are 1.5 million views on YouTube, and only half of them can be yours. But it’s special enough, and we should have a secret handshake. If you’re not in the club yet, oh, oh my, come in, this is your lucky day. “Here comes the pizza” is 10 years old this weekend, and it’s time to celebrate it all over again. I’d like to think at MLB Advanced Media, a nervous staffer came up to his boss with a list of illicit YouTube videos that needed DMCA takedowns. “Aaron hitting 715?” “Take it down.” “Mike Trout scaling the wall? Looks like there’s a whole playlist.” “Take them all down.” “Here comes the pizza?” “T ... no. No, that one stays.” There’s a difference between dumb baseball highlights that get people excited about baseball and something that belongs to the world. In honor of the “Here comes the pizza” birthday, I would like to list my favorite things about it. 1. That somebody threw a piece of pizza at somebody else My favorite part of this video is when someone consciously decided to wing a piece of pizza at someone four seats away. One second there’s an innocuous foul ball drifting into the stands, no different from the dozens of foul balls in every game, and the next second there’s a soggy ninja star sailing through the air, too floppy to be aerodynamic, too ambitious to be earthbound. The time elapsed from Garret Anderson not making the play to the decision to throw the pizza: 1.62 seconds. I almost want to give it extra credit for its immediacy, but that would be false. There was a beat. That’s enough time to make a conscious decision. I have done a lot of dumb things without thinking. Scrambled to catch a chef’s knife that was knocked off the counter. Pulled out into traffic when I shouldn’t have. Taken a sip of coffee that was way too hot. But these aren’t things that I deliberated on. I didn’t think, “I am going to see if I can whip my hand around to catch this knife when I drop it. For science.” This was someone who thought about it and decided, yes, this is what needs to happen right now. This is the appropriate response. And here comes the pizza. What if the line at the pizza concession was too long? What if the perpetrator was in the mood for something different? Could this have been even funnier? Let’s quickly explore some possibilities: Hot dog — not as funny, unless the wiener separates from the bun like the booster separating from a space shuttle, hitting two people in one throw Nachos — close, but there’s too much anarchy, too many victims to make it a guilt-free laugh riot Cracker Jack — not as funny Popcorn — not as funny Large 32 oz. beverage — OK, maybe that’s as funny But throwing bottles is a thing. It’s a trope, something that you would see in a movie. There isn’t a lot of distance between throwing a bottle and throwing a plastic cup. No one throws a piece of pizza. And if I had to put my finger on it, my favorite part of “Here comes the pizza” is when the guy throws the piece of pizza. The giggling Oh, goodness. The giggling. Jerry Remy and Don Orsillo need a replay to see what happened, and their first reaction was about what it should have been: Wait, did someone throw a slice of pizza at that guy? But they come back from the commercial break giggling. This would have been a non-event with at least half the announcing crews in the league, with someone with a very announcer-y voice mentioning the incident once — “Looks like someone threw a slice of pizza. Not sure why he would do that, and I’m sure he’s going to be asked to leave.” — and then dropping it. Remy and Orsillo studied the incident between innings and couldn’t get enough. They are, like us, transfixed. Transfixed and giggling. The giggling becomes contagious, like it does in the best unexpected moments of comedy. You’re infected by their enthusiasm because it’s impossible not to be. “Here comes the pizza” Without these four words, there’s less giggling. With less giggling, there’s less majesty. With less majesty, this is a clip that gets forgotten after a season, at best. Instead, Jerry Remy describes it with perfect timing and rhythm: “Now I’m not sure why it was necessary, but watch ... I can’t circle because I don’t have my telestrator butHERECOMESTHEPIZZA, see?” His immediacy mirrors the unexpectedness of the pizza being thrown. For his part, Don Orsillo shares the only possible response: “[unable to catch breath] eereeess um pizza” He is all of us. Remy would later zapruder the film even further, adding the inner monologue of the perpetrator: “Honey, I’m going to the ballgame today, and if I see some guy, I’m going to throw a piece of pizzerr at him.” It makes more sense when he explains it like that. That’s what announcers are supposed to do, after all. They’re supposed to provide insight. There was almost a pizza brawl Fights in the stands aren’t funny, and people can get seriously hurt. Do not fight people at baseball games. But if there has to be a fight, let it be over someone throwing a piece of pizza at you, which makes you the Pepsi Fan of the Game. The guy didn’t notice that he had a piece of pizza thrown at him in the chaos. Now imagine the conversation afterward. Hey, that guy threw a piece of pizza at you. That’s a special kind of violation, an assault made worse by the unexpectedness. We’re used to the pizza being thrown by now, but imagine that moment, when he heard it for the first time. Imagine different scenarios. Hey, that guy picked up your keys and put them in his mouth. Or ... Hey, that guy took a Polaroid of you and ate it, piece by piece. It’s the randomness that makes it more invasive. This isn’t someone shouting a curse word at you. This is much, much worse. And there was almost a pizza brawl because of it. This was frontier justice Years later, the pizza thrower explained his side of the story. He’s more sheepish than you imagine someone capable of an impromptu pizza assault would be, and he explains the events succinctly: “This gentleman was not being too friendly to everybody else in the stands. And there was a rain delay, so we were there for a long, long time, and a lot of people weren’t so happy with what he had to say. There was a foul ball that distracted him, and I threw a pizza at his head, and I wish I could take it back, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯” This is just the word of one man, the accused. It shouldn’t be held up as gospel. But I believe him. Oh, my, how I believe him. I can see the whole thing in my mind. This guy is guilty: Guilty, guilty, guilty. Throughout the whole rain delay, this guy was getting drunker and more obnoxious. He is the amalgam of every Boston stereotype, a mix of every person in the Yankees Fan GIF, just tailored for a different region. What was he doing during that rain delay? It doesn’t matter. You can imagine it. GUY: EH, YEAH, FUCKIN CHARLES SHOULD BE HERE, CAUSE HE’D REALLY APPRECIATE THESE SEATS, NOT LIKE THESE FAT ASSHOLES BEHIND ME FAN BEHIND HIM: hey wait GUY: EH, YOU’RE NOT GOING TO DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT, PORKY. LOOK AT THIS GUY PUTTING THE TAHP ON, HEY YOU SUCK GROUNDSKEEPER, TERRIBLE TAHP TECHNIQUE. For an hour before the rain delay. During the hour-long delay. And up until the moment when Garret Anderson knocks his beer away. A constant stream of obnoxious. It’s not enough to spill the beer, though. There needs to be frontier justice. And here comes the pizza. Has it been 10 years already? It’s hard to believe. But we’ll be back here in 20, 25, and 50 years to relive one of the greatest moments in booth-absurdity synergy in the televised era. Because it deserves nothing less, and possibly so much more. There went the pizza. And there went our hearts. Happy birthday, old friend. Happy birthday to, “Here comes the pizza.” Next Up In MLB Hall of Famer Rod Carew is alive because of former NFL player's organ donation If the Blue Jays are going to turn it around, they have to start right now The 5 players who matter most in the AL Central The Cubs' BLINGY World Series rings are worth more than your car Chart Party: What if Barry Bonds had played without a bat? Trending Blue Jackets’ Matt Calvert breaks his stick over Penguins player’s neck after game Could this be a super-long suspension? Porzingis is upset with Knicks, skipped exit interview Kristaps Porzingis has had enough with the Knicks’ drama. 21 bold predictions for the 2017 NBA Playoffs We unveil our boldest picks, including a new team representing the East in the NBA Finals. 31 cool things to watch for during the 2017 NBA playoffs Every team and player in the playoffs has a unique skill or two. Here’s how you can discover and appreciate them. Kevin Knox turned down $1.4 million offer, will play in college The five-star forward will take the college route to the NBA. This Article has a component height of 81. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Have a News Tip? Community Guidelines Masthead Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Blog Openings Guiding Principles All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 tweet share
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Find a Product Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Of course there's a 'Candy Crush' fashion collection Adidas Futurecraft 4D shoes: The fourth dimension is hype A future Apple Watch could be essential for diabetics Latest in Science Komodo Dragons may hold the key to fighting infections 13h ago View Alphabet's Verily details its research-focused health watch 13h ago View The Morning After: Friday, April 14th 2017 21h ago View Saturn and Jupiter's moon burps bode well for distant life 04.13.17 View Image credit: Verily save Save share Alphabet's Verily details its research-focused health watch It's designed for large-scale medical studies. Nick Summers, @nisummers 13h ago in Wearables Comments 467 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Verily Google has made a smartwatch, but not the kind you might expect. Verily, the health organisation owned by Google parent company Alphabet, has (finally) announced its 'Study Watch' for medical research purposes. It doesn't run Android Wear, nor does it help you manage the notifications on your phone. Instead, it passively captures health data "critical to the success of continuous care platforms and clinical research," including heart rate, electrodermal activity (the skin's ability to conduct electricity) and body movement. It can also produce an ECG, a recording of the heart's electrical activity, which can sometimes reveal heart problems. The Study Watch has a circular e-ink display which displays the date, time, and some basic instructions for the wearer. "No other information is provided back to the user," Verily says in a blog post. The simple interface is designed to maximise performance; the wearable can last a week on a single charge, and comes with "a powerful processor" to run important algorithms. There are no apps, or any other functionality normally associated with smartwatches. That means it can focus on capturing and storing raw data that will be useful for medical professionals. "While numerous wearables exist in the market, we have a specific need outside of these offerings," Verily adds. The team hopes the watch will be deployed in large research groups and prove useful as an always-on, continuous health tracking tool. Initially, it will be used in a few smaller studies including the "Personalized Parkinson's Project," a multi-year project led by the ParkinsonNet, Radboud University and the Radboud University Medical Center in the Netherlands. Normally, Parkinson's patients would have their heart rate variability measured in a hospital -- now, the same tests can be run (in theory) anywhere, any time. The health-focused Study Watch will also play a role in Verily's "Baseline" study, which aims to track 10,000 participants over five years. The results will, the company hopes, create a 'baseline' of health data that can be used to better understand ageing and disease. It's one of many ambitious Verily projects which include glucose-tracking contact lenses, nanoparticle pills for detecting cancer and heart attacks, and bioelectronic medicines. The Study Watch does, by comparison, sound like a more realistic endeavour, if only because Apple and Nokia -- which now owns Withings -- are making similar inroads with their respective smartwatch and health platforms. Source: Verily, MIT Technology Review In this article: alphabet, google, health, lifesciences, medicine, science, smartwatch, studywatch, verily, verilystudywatch, wearables 467 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 3h 3h ago in Security Shadow Brokers release also suggests NSA spied on bank transactions Leaked documents claim the NSA targeted Middle Eastern banks with its Windows hacking tools. By R. Lawler,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Internet Facebook busts up international spam operation The social network cracked down on a sophisticated ring of fake accounts. By D. Lumb,  5h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Politics GOP rep. on ISP privacy rules: 'Nobody's got to use the internet' Lol wut? By S. Fogel,  5h ago save Save share View 7h 7h ago in Security 'Shadow Brokers' dump of NSA tools includes new Windows exploits Running Windows 10 or connecting to the internet via a router will reduce your vulnerability. By R. Lawler,  7h ago save Save share View 7h 7h ago in Transportation GM aims to put 300 more self-driving Chevy Bolts on the road More vehicles means more data. By A. Dalton,  7h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Video Podcasts Deals Find a Product Contribute Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Home News Reviews Video Connected Home Appliances Garden & Garage Health Home Control Home Networking Home Security Hubs & Controllers Internet of Things Kitchen Lighting Security Cameras Thermostats Entertainment Cord Cutting Home audio Smart TVs Streaming Hardware Streaming Media Streaming services Resources    🔎 Home Home Tech News Newegg is giving away a free smart plug with the purchase of a Google Home This $129 Google Home/smart-plug combo is a great starter kit for aspiring smart-home enthusiasts. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Ian Paul Contributor, TechHive | Apr 14, 2017 10:18 AM PT Credit: Ian Paul/IDG More like this DealPosts Save 38% on the TP-LINK Wi-Fi Smart Plug, Works with Amazon Alexa - Deal Alert Comcast adds new voice-controlled lighting devices to its Xfinity Home smart... The top 14 products featuring Amazon Alexa integration demoed at CES Video See the smart home appliances of the future at Panasonic House Now that Google has fixed the Burger King exploit, it's a great time to pick-up a Google Home. Today, Newegg has a pretty good deal for those looking for this smart speaker. The online retailer is selling a Google Home and a TP-Link HS100 Smart Plug for $129. That's the purchase price of the Google Home, which means you get the $25 smart plug (street price) for free. As you might expect, the Smart Plug works with both Alexa and Google Assistant. That means you can use the Smart Plug to convert an item in your home into a voice-controlled appliance. It's a great tool to turn on a lamp in the living room or activate a coffee maker using a voice command--you could also set it to automatically power up at a certain time without Google Home. We wouldn't recommend using this smart plug with a PC, however, as suddenly cutting the power is not an ideal way to power down electronics. By itself the Google Home speaker is a great tool for quickly checking the weather, playing music, getting a personal daily summary, or entertaining the kids with knock-knock jokes and animal sounds. Rumor has it the smart speaker may also soon get support for multiple accounts. Ian Paul/IDG [Today's deal: Buy a Google Home, get a TP-Link HS100 Smart Plug for free] To comment on this article and other TechHive content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Home Tech Smart Appliances Google Home Ian is an independent writer based in Israel who has never met a tech subject he didn't like. He primarily covers Windows, PC and gaming hardware, video and music streaming services, social networks, and browsers. When he's not covering the news he's working on how-to tips for PC users, or tuning his eGPU setup. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon TechHive TechHive helps you find your tech sweet spot. We steer you to products you'll love and show you how to get the most out of them. About Us Contact Us Magazines, eBooks & Apps Newsletters RSS Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Ad Choices TechHive CATEGORIES Connected Home Cord Cutting Home Audio Home Networking Home Security Hubs & Controllers Internet of Things Lighting Smart Appliances Streaming Media Thermostats IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub PCWorld Macworld Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Moschino Unveils Candy Crush Capsule Collection at Coachella Rachel Zoe Links With Google on Live Case Collection Promise Project Gears Up for 10th Annual Cocktail Party Max Mara Awards High School Photographer at Miami Event Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Atelier Notify Gets Personal at Bergdorf Goodman Vince Delays Financial Results, CEO Warns of Default ‘Scenario’ Agent Provocateur Hits Bankruptcy in U.S. At Lord & Taylor, the Bobbi Brown Lifestyle in a Shop Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty L’Oréal Gets Top Spot on WWD Beauty Inc.’s 2016 Top 100 Drybar Unveils Detox Whipped Product at Coachella Perfect Corp.'s Augmented Reality War Paint Experience Alex Perez-Tenessa to Depart CVS Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Penguins' Sidney Crosby Has Top-Selling NHL Jersey Kuiu Sets Its Sights on High-end Hunting Enthusiasts Round Two to Open New York Store Pigalle Reveals Collaboration With Missoni Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Acuod by Chanu RTW Fall 2017 J Brand Fall RTW 2017 St. John RTW Fall 2017 A.L.C. RTW Fall 2017 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Oliver Peoples, Alain Mikli Launch Collaborative Collection Watch Brands' Latest Look: Classic Styles Millennial-Favorite Indie Jewelry Retailer Broken English Opens Third Location Zenith, Range Rover Unveil Second Cobranded Watch Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Osman Celebrates Barneys New York Launch at Salon 94 Coachella 2017: Catching Up With Portland-Based Sister Folk Trio Joseph Kanye West Fans Call Out Forever 21 Over 'Pablo' Merch Similarities A Night Out at the Ballet With the Olsens and Woody Allen Parties People Lifestyle … Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Beauty Noninvasive Cosmetic Procedures: Microneedling, Microcurrent clock April 14, 2017 • Ellen Thomas Business Shinola's DUMBO Store Offers Unique Product, Experiences clock April 14, 2017 • Jean E. Palmieri Business LVMH Boss Delivers Little Cheer at General Assembly clock April 13, 2017 • Joelle Diderich Fashion Fashion Scoops Rachel Zoe Links With Google on Live Case Collection The collection, totaling 12 styles, is for Google’s Live Cases for phones. By Kari Hamanaka on April 14, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk From the Rachel Zoe Google Live Case collection Courtesy Photo SOCIAL SAVVY: Rachel Zoe today launched a phone case collaboration with Google. The tech accessories would seem the most natural progression in the build out of Zoe’s brand and draw inspiration from her fall ready-to-wear collection with a large dose of sequins. The collaboration with the tech firm includes a dozen different case designs that can be used on the Pixel, Pixel XL, Nexus 5x and Nexus 6p. Google’s Pixel was the technology company’s first phone and launched this past fall. The Rachel Zoe Live Case collection — Live Cases being Google’s customizable phone covers — retail for $40 and are available through the Google Store. The cases are equipped with near-field communication technology, allowing it to sync up with the phone once snapped. Once the sync occurs, the device’s wallpaper also then matches the customized case’s artwork. The designer is expected to celebrate the collaboration Saturday during her Zoeasis party running alongside the annual Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in Indio, Calif. Zoe joins a growing roster of artists and designers who have partnered with Google on Live Case artwork including Jen Stark, Skrillex, Jeff Koons, Opening Ceremony and Gray Malin, among others. The Google collaboration isn’t Zoe’s first foray into the realm of technology. The release follows her launch in March of an Instagram Stories series called “Real Life With Rachel Zoe.” The series features two-minute stories, much of them shot by her husband Rodger Berman, posted on Sundays. “I think that given what social media has become in our universe, it’s just totally natural. They want things that are quick, funny, fast and not overproduced,” Zoe told WWD in March, when she also disclosed that video content on her site had jumped roughly 900 percent in the past year. For More on Rachel Zoe in WWD: Rachel Zoe on Her New Instagram Stories Series and Her Next L.A. Fashion Show Rachel Zoe RTW Fall 2017 Backstage at Rachel Zoe RTW Fall 2017 Rachel Zoe to Dabble in Retail at Grove You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. Google Rachel Zoe Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business Fast Retailing’s Profit More Than Doubles in First Half clock April 13, 2017 • Kelly Wetherille Latest Galleries Beyoncé’s Met Gala Style Evolution Let’s Split: The Half-and-Half Trend Brought to Life They Are Wearing: The ‘Africa Now’ Parade at Galeries Lafayette in Paris FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd Alessandra Ambrosio is taking over our Instagram Stories tonight at the Alessandra x REVOLVE event in Palm Springs to celebrate the launch of her spring collection. Tune in at 7 p.m. PST. #revolvefestival (📷: @stewartshining) @wwd Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston at the launch of Louis Vuitton's collaboration with Jeff Koons. #wwdeye (📷: @zefashioninsider) @wwd Roberto Deiaco, the former executive chef at Armani/Ristorante 5th Avenue, has opened a new restaurant in Manhattan's midtown. Dubbed Avena, the restaurant was inspired by his Italian upbringing and his years of experience cooking for Giorgio's Armani Restaurant. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer) @wwd Major mask goals at the Save Venice Ball. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer) @wwd "The most important relationship in life is the one you have with yourself." - Diane von Furstenberg #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer) More From Our Brands Footwear News This Is How Kylie Jenner’s Coachella Style Statement Has Evolved Over the Years 3h Ago Fairchild Live 2017 WWD Retail 20/20: London – The New Store Experience 4 months Ago Variety Remote Controlled: ‘The Leftovers’ EP Damon Lindelof on the Final Season and Going to Australia 2h Ago BGR Here’s why narrators in fast food commercials have deep voices 40m Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Digital Daily FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD Subscriptions twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: Alphabet Inc vs. Baidu Inc (ADR) The world's biggest search engines square off, and one comes out ahead by a hair. Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Apr 14, 2017 at 12:18PM They say that data is so valuable, it is the new oil. With it, you can offer advertisers the most targeted ads possible. Without it, you are drowning in a sea of competition with absolutely no edge. This is the true advantage that investors in search engines like Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google and Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) enjoy. Aside from Facebook, no other companies have collected as much data, and managed to monetize it. Image source: Getty Images. But which is the better buy today? That's an impossible question to answer, especially because geo-politics can play an important role. Baidu operates almost entirely within the borders of China, and is at the behest of the Chinese government. But that alone shouldn't determine which is the better buy. Instead, we can get an idea for what you are more comfortable with by approaching the question through three key lenses. Sustainable competitive advantages Absolutely nothing is more important to the long-term success of an investment than the sustainable competitive advantage of the underlying company you are investing in. Often referred to as a "moat" in investing circles, this represents that special something that separates a company from its competitors. Alphabet's moat began with Google's unique algorithm that spit out search results faster and more accurately than any other alternative. That algorithm was very popular; it's the reason we "Google" for information, instead of "Altavista" it. But Google's moat is wider than that: The company has six services in addition to search that have logged over 1 billion users: Google Play, YouTube, Chrome, Android, Gmail, and Maps. Combined, this ecosystem conveys two huge moats. First, Google has more information on user habits than anyone else. This means it can continually offer up products that people are looking for. Other wannabe search engines don't have this data advantage, and can never know for sure where the Next Big Product should be. Second, Google is slowly building out high switching costs. Because users can sign into a dizzying array of sites today just by being signed into their Google account, the switching costs to another search engine have slowly crept up. Who wants to go back and remember all those passwords if they decide against having a Google account? Just about everything I just said about Google applies to Baidu. Google has decided that it isn't going to compete actively in China due to government intervention. Although Baidu has had to deal with a few pesky upstarts, that decision has largely left the Middle Kingdom to Baidu. Baidu has two additional variables worth mentioning. As stated above, the ruling Communist Party in China can exert much more control over Baidu than any other government could on Google, and that's a risk worth considering. At the same time, because the Chinese populace is entering the Age of the Internet much later than Americans, Baidu is trying to capitalize on opportunities Google missed stateside -- namely through creating an Online-to-Offline (O2O) ecosystem, which you can read more about here. In the end, both companies have very wide moats. Winner: Tie Financial fortitude I wouldn't be the least bit surprised to see both Alphabet and Baidu start paying dividends before I retire (note: I'm 35 years old now). For now, however, investors want to see cash being poured into profitable new growth opportunities. But as exciting as those growth opportunities may be, the companies must keep a sizable cash stash on hand. That's because every company, at some point, will have to endure difficult financial times. Those that enter such times with cash have options: buy back stock on the cheap, make a strategic acquisition, or -- perhaps most important -- outspend rivals to gain market share. Debt-heavy companies are in the opposite situation, forced to myopically focus on meeting their debt obligations. Keeping in mind that Alphabet is valued at almost ten times the size of Baidu, here's how the two stack up. Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Alphabet $86 billion $4 billion $19.5 billion $25.8 billion Baidu $20 billion $5 billion $1.7 billion $2.6 billion Data sources: Yahoo! Finance, SEC filings. Both of these companies are in very safe positions. Relative to its size, Baidu has much more cash, but also carries much more debt. Net income and free cash flow are about even, and very strong for both companies. Over a decades-long time horizon, I think both would benefit from a downturn, as it would drive smaller players out of markets where Alphabet and Baidu are working on offering ancillary services or products. Winner: Tie Valuation Finally, we have valuation. While this isn't an exact science, there are some straightforward metrics we can consult to give us an idea of how expensive each stock is. Company P/E P/FCF P/S PEG Ratio Alphabet 25 22 6.3 1.6 Baidu 38 23 5.9 2.3 Data sources: Yahoo! Finance, E*Trade, Nasdaq.com. P/E uses figures from non-GAAP earnings. Here again we have a very close battle. While Baidu appears to be much more expensive on an earnings basis, the companies are virtually identical in terms of free cash flow -- a metric I give more credence to. In terms of growth -- measured via the PEG Ratio -- Alphabet trades at a 30% discount to Baidu. That's largely because investments in O2O will be holding down Baidu's earnings for the foreseeable future. While it's not a huge difference, we need a tiebreaker here, and it will go to Alphabet. Winner: Alphabet The winner is... So there you have it, by the thinnest of margins, Alphabet comes out ahead. It has a more developed business line and more favorable valuation. At the same time, Baidu's O2O aspirations could prove to be an enormous boon to investors -- but it's just too early to know for sure. As for myself, I have an enormous sum of money tied up in both companies. Combined, they constitute 22% of my real-life holdings. I believe both are worthy of your consideration. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Brian Stoffel owns shares of Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Baidu, and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Baidu, and Facebook. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Brian Stoffel (TMFCheesehead) Brian Stoffel has been a Fool since 2008, and a financial journalist for the Motley Fool since 2010. He tends to follow the investment strategies of Fool-founder David Gardner, looking for the most innovative companies driving positive change for the future. Follow @TMFStoffel Article Info Apr 14, 2017 at 12:18PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $840.18 down $-1.28 (-0.15%) Baidu NASDAQ:BIDU $172.61 down $-1.00 (-0.58%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $823.69 down $0.63 (-0.08%) Read More Google Home Is Catching Up to Amazon's Echo 2 Stocks You Can Buy and Hold Forever 3 Stocks We're Never Selling Is Voice Search an Opportunity or a Threat to Google? What Is the Internet of Things? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Better Buy: Alphabet Inc vs. Baidu Inc (ADR) @themotleyfool #stocks $GOOGL, $BIDU, $GOOG
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 21 Plus 1 on G+ 41 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares108 Applications Downloads News Google-owned smart home company Nest has added yet more helpful new features to its popular app. Easily one of the best looking Android apps out there, Nest manages to introduce thoughtful, incremental improvements with each version bump. This time round we're treated to Google Smart Lock integration and new Nest Cam notifications. The Nest app supports Google Smart Lock, letting you log in to your Nest app without needing to remember your password Nest Cam lets you set notifications for motion activity, person alerts (with a Nest Aware subscription), or both. Family members can set their own notification settings Discover new Works with Nest partner products through the in-app catalogue The addition of Google Smart Lock will make it super easy for you to access the Nest app. Let's face it: nobody likes having to remember passwords. And the ability for different family members to set their own distinct Nest Cam notifications is exactly the kind of well thought out enhancement we've come to expect from Nest. These add to the Nest app's already impressive list of features to help you control devices such as the Learning Thermostat and Protect alarm, as well as the aforementioned Nest Cam. To check out the latest version of the Nest app download from the Play Store or manually from APK Mirror. Download: Nest (Play Store) Tags app update apps Google nest update subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale ... Next Story [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments bozzykid Sweet. I think that makes a whopping 2 major apps using Google Smart Lock (Nest and Netflix). Clearly it is catching on! Stephen Cornwell I have at least half a dozen apps which use it, on both my phone and Android TV box. Stephen Cornwell They still haven't updated the shitty software limitation to a handful of timezones, making the cameras useless anywhere outside the approved countries. Jordan Thoms Yeah, this is so frustrating, especially since Dropcam had no issues working with any timezone. Barbaralgustafson I've made $84,000 so far this year working online and I'm a full time student. I’m using an online business opportunity I heard about and I've made such great money. It's really user friendly and I'm just so happy that I found out about it. The potential with this is endless. Here’s what I do !wr248c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs248SmartSmart/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr248u:...... Willie Chalmers III Google-owned? Nest is Alphabet-owned. Jon Fridman Finally! Using the website for these features before wasn't ideal. Lars Jeppesen The camera stream on the web client still requires Flash.. wft Google? Cecil Hardwood Arlo from Netgear is the same. Lars Jeppesen It's absurd. needa These cameras are the epitome of a money grab. They stick it to you when you buy, and they stick it to you every month when you get their cloud services bill. Overpriced and Overrated. LOL Tell me which product to buy....I am leaving for 3 weeks to vacation and want to monitor my parking lot 24/7. I need WiFi and don't want some highend expensive and complicated setup needa Xiaomi Smart Cams. Also called xiaoyi small ants cam. Xiaoyi is who makes all xiaomi cameras. They run $30-$50, depending on resolution/night vision. Local storage through 8-64gb sd (need to buy). And they have cloud storage too. But I don't know the price of cloud. Alerts on your phone to motion. Pretty good app to boot. They have english and chinese versions. I got mine a couple of years ago so they only speak chinese, and don't have night vision, but the app is in english and is well translated. You seriously can't go wrong. You will pay a premium to get them shipped from the US though ($50-$80). I use geekbuying, gearbest, and aliexpress to shop the best prices out of China. Can also get a xiaomi router (used to be $160 for the hub router) with local storage, for cams to send motion video to for backup. Might be an overall cheaper option to cloud if that is a must. needa Remodeling my bathroom. So pardon the toilet/mess on my porch. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/61a58bcb64188654a5e2101cd25a6f5c96a99f05b0602dc777760d3a5d2f6b9e.png JRomeo how much is your subscription monthly? and is it possible to have it setup like you do without a monthly subscription? needa No subscription. It records event. Sends notification if you have them turned on. Then you download event and watch. Or you can load the live camera then scroll through and watch events as far back as recorded. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/faff67f251898c293ecc8c9d23e027d63c0fa6fe37f3d390ea57bce5f2f5eca8.png needa This is a few hours worth of recordings on scroll bar. Hence why I keep notifs turned off. When out of town I turn on indoor camera, and events. So I know if someone enters home. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d65d318d0bdc41c4a93f71f87ddf79d77547d1622794c175e89486b4f06cd537.png JRomeo How can i set this up at my house? what software are you using? what is the camera brand name? can it be used with foscam? and what free service do you use that records events? needa It's all above. Xiaomi. Yi Camera app. LOL Local storage is not an option, 1 hour of 720p takes about 6GB. I want 24x7x3. Nest gives you 1 month of 720p recording or 10 days of 1080p. The best part about Nest is that I can return it back to store, there is no deadline in my local store. PS. It's about $170, not $200 needa Not sure what you mean with the $200. If 24/7 is what you need, then definitely don't want Xiaomi. Not sure why you need that, these things are pretty good at recording motion events. I do wish I could stipulate the pixels for the motion events though. I keep my outdoor notifs turned off. Too many cars driving by during the day. LOL I replied, but its not going through says: "Hold on, this is waiting to be approved by Android Police." LOL Here is my reply https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/17f38da34d86c690f5b6be7d4317d203e0fb66d452145eef4ab3c319b7fb5263.png JRomeo I like nest cam, but where can I find an alternative that is similar without a monthly subscription? Cecil Hardwood So how is Nest doing ? I thought about investing in some of their hardware but a little concerned whether the company will be around long term. LOL Ah? They are only expending their products so far. It's​ a Google company Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 317 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 109 queries | 0.377s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Pretty please? Is AdWords about to add new Quality Score reporting metrics? Fact check Is Google really keeping fake listings off Google Maps? Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Making the case for mobile site optimizations: Who doesn’t want an extra $13K? These days, the question isn't whether we should invest in mobile but to what extent. Columnist Carrie Albright explains how marketers can make the case for greater investment in mobile optimization. Carrie Albright on April 14, 2017 at 10:43 am More For years, the digital marketing world has asked itself, “Is now the year of mobile?” But at this point, we’ve clearly surpassed the Year of Mobile and are now in the “Age of Mobile Crisis.” Instead of considering if we should include a potential mobile audience, we are weighing the impact our lackluster approach to mobile is having on our sales and long-term revenue. Google has consistently launched updates to their role in the mobile user’s world, from simply entering the market to moving toward higher expectations for how we treat mobile users and now, to truly committing both front-end (expanded text ads, bid modifiers, responsive ads and eventually Voice Search) and back-end (site responsiveness, speed and layout) optimizations to the smartphone user. Side note: Bing also has its own site speed tester, but across the boards, more content is written about Bing mobile targeting than by Bing. We know all this, but the question is becoming, “Is it really worth it?” Besides being punished in Google mobile search results, how can we explain to clients or internal teams the impact our lousy mobile experience is having? How to make the argument Again, mobile is here, now. In fact, it was here yesterday, and even a half-decade ago. Our clients and internal departments don’t need to be convinced of this fact — they need to be assured that your plan for attracting these users is sound. Mobile marketing isn’t an “annual strategy” topic. It’s not even a QBR slide. Mobile is something that is daily. Whether you’re avoiding, targeting or truly speaking to mobile users, you should be practicing regular optimizations, revisions and conversations regarding the 77 percent of Americans who own smartphones. How to win the argument The best way to win any argument is to frame it in terms your challenger values. This most often translates to dollars, but at times can be sheer customer volume as well. Now we’re left asking, “How can I determine the number of sales/leads my company is missing out on due to users abandoning the site?” In September 2015, SOASTA published a case study that spoke to the immediate improvement to conversion rates when page load time improved. The author reviewed performance by approximately 4.5 million mobile users over 30 days, and what she found were clear performance benchmarks in site speed, visitor retention and conversion rate. According to a Think with Google Research Study, 53 percent of users will abandon your site if it takes more than three seconds to load. But how can you quantify that for your revenue? To explain the direct benefit of mobile page loading optimizations, let us consider a few examples: Client 1: Retailer with an AOV of $65 With this client, conversion rate maintains a pretty clear correlation with the average page load time: Regarding mobile traffic, a larger portion of search traffic comes through a slower page (loading at an average of 3.63s), which has an average conversion rate of 0.56 percent. Using SOASTA’s proposed impact of load time on conversion rate, we stand to gain by improving our page load time by even 0.9 seconds. By reducing page load time to 2.73s, the newly calculated conversion rate comes to 0.71 percent. Based on the average order value from each purchase, and knowing that we’ve just improved the likelihood that a customer will stay on the site to make a purchase, the projected lift to revenue is nearly $1,100 per month. This means by boosting their site load time by a mere 9/10 of a second, this client stands to make an additional $13,000 each year. Client 2: A travel agency/tour operator This client has a site teeming with images advertising all the exotic getaways one might purchase. We see fluctuating page load times and conversion rates dependent on the landing page: A large portion of mobile traffic enters through a page with an average load time of 3.19 seconds and has an average conversion rate of 0.74 percent. If we’re able to improve the time by just the 0.9 seconds, as shown by SOASTA, average load time falls to 2.29s, and the newly calculated conversion rate comes to 0.93 percent. Based on the average numbers of visitors to this page, it’s projected that this will generate 115 additional package signups each year, simply by retaining those visitors who are already on your site and interested. To drive this home, let’s go through one more example, shall we? Client 3: Lead generation client in a hospitality-focused business Plenty of site visitors are considering our competition in their decision-making process, and providing a positive experience on our site is paramount. Mobile visitors currently comprise 49 percent of our overall site visitors, with an average conversion rate 44 percent better than desktop. With such a strong conversion rate, should we still be concerned with mobile optimizations? Yes, of course. Strong performance by comparison doesn’t necessarily indicate actually strong performance. Despite these great relative conversion rates, average page load time for mobile is an appalling 11.9 seconds. This is due to the beautiful images and dynamic content on the site, something we’re not too keen on sacrificing, but clearly we have room to improve. Let’s assume we’re still looking to make minor improvements on the mobile page load time. In SOASTA’s example, we can see that a strong impact is made when moving from five- to two-second load times. But because this client is beginning with such a long initial load time, we’ll make the conservative calculation that page optimizations will at least boost our conversion rate the 20 percent that was seen from SOASTA’s 8.1- to 5.7-second range. By providing a site that’s not just mobile-friendly, but that also possesses mobile site speed, we’re able to bring in over 275 additional leads each year. How to improve After some compelling projections on how improved mobile speed can impact your account, the next logical question is: What do I do to get these results? You have two options at your fingertips: General mobile assessment from Google and Bing Detailed developer-level insights to optimizations Mobile assessment from Google and Bing Your friends at the major US search engines are happy to provide you with a vast scope of information and tips. Between the resources at Think With Google and Bing Webmaster Tools, it takes little more than a few clicks on the keyboard to identify your next steps. Mobile speed can typically be measured quantitatively with Speed Index (30s or less), Total Requests (80 or less) and Page Weight (1MB). These titles translate to mean: Speed Index: How long until all the visible parts of your page are displayed. Total Requests: How many components on your site are fighting for the same resources at once. Page Weight: Is your page filled with too-large images or just too much? Using a tool like the Google’s “Test My Site” page not only provides a snapshot of how mobile users are experiencing your website, you can also receive an email with detailed points on where to make improvements. Developer-level insights For you data junkies, I highly recommend using the insights found at Webpagetest.org, which allows you to test the mobile user experience based on multiple devices (Nexus, Motorolla, iPhones), device speed, browser choice and more. Not only does this give you very clear snapshots of the mobile user’s experience, the follow-up is a breakdown of the shortcomings on your site. It’s a harsh but fair look at where you can afford to reduce image size, adjust loading rules and simply remove the sludge that’s slowing your load time. The process is simple: just type in the URL that you’re testing, and adjust your location (if desired), as well as your browser. The Mobile 3G connection setting will give you a look at an average smartphone experience (though we’re seeing the adoption of 4G networks sweeping the planet). Including the first view and repeat visitors will show you if any components of your site perform better if the user’s loaded it previously. The long story cut short is that we’re no longer discussing what mobile might contribute to the world of digital marketing. We’re considering how much we’re losing as we fail to make incremental gains on our mobile agility. We watch in horror as our competitors outshine us in mobile experience. And we sit back and observe the lost sales and leads resulting from a site that is just too dang slow. The good news is that these resources provide clear-cut recommendations on how to remedy your mobile crisis. So get to it! Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Carrie Albright Carrie Albright is a Senior Account Manager at Hanapin Marketing, where she's spent thousands of hours specializing in all things PPC. As a featured author for PPC Hero, a frequent webinar host, and a seasoned public speaker, Carrie pursues any excuse to stay on the cusp of innovative PPC. Her blog posts combine a sense of humor with a thorough knowledge of the successes, pitfalls, and opportunities encountered by her varying clients. Popular Stories The complete guide to optimizing content for SEO (with checklist) Are AdWords advertisers about to get a lot more Quality Score reporting metrics? The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) Just released: 2017 Local Search Ranking Factors survey results Related Topics Channel: SEMMobile MarketingPaid Search ColumnSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: GeneralSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: Mobile SearchSEO: Site Speed Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers A Marketing Agency’s Guide to Client Retention The Rise of the Customer Marketer The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Pretty please? Is AdWords about to add new Quality Score reporting metrics? Fact check Is Google really keeping fake listings off Google Maps? Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Retail Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Now you can log into multiple Google Merchant Center accounts with the same email The change greatly simplifies user access for Shopping feeds and other Merchant Center programs. Ginny Marvin on April 14, 2017 at 10:10 am More In a very nice update, users can now use the same email to access multiple Google Merchant Center (GMC) accounts. GMC users may have already noticed an update about the change in their accounts, and Google Advertisers Community Manager CassieH posted a notice about it on Tuesday. Per the Help Center page: “Multiple users are able to access a single Merchant Center, and users can connect their individual Google account with multiple Merchant Center accounts as needed.” Admins can invite people by clicking on Users from the three-dot icon in the upper right corner. They’ll then be able to sign into the account using the login information for their own Google account. Google does recommend that those using Google Search Console to manage their websites have each GMC Admin user also listed as an Owner of the site in Search Console. Last week, Google added its new Customer Reviews program to Google Merchant Center, replacing the Trusted Stores program. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Popular Stories The complete guide to optimizing content for SEO (with checklist) Are AdWords advertisers about to get a lot more Quality Score reporting metrics? The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) Just released: 2017 Local Search Ranking Factors survey results Related Topics Channel: RetailGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AdWords: Product Listing AdsSearch AdsSearch Ads: Product Ads Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers A Marketing Agency’s Guide to Client Retention The Rise of the Customer Marketer The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Pretty please? Is AdWords about to add new Quality Score reporting metrics? Fact check Is Google really keeping fake listings off Google Maps? Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Search in Pics: Google bird nest room, braille business card & real big easter eggs Barry Schwartz on April 14, 2017 at 9:38 am More In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Google easter eggs on logo: Source: Instagram Google bird nest room? Source: Instagram Google Brazil view: Source: Instagram Google braille business card: Source: Instagram About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories The complete guide to optimizing content for SEO (with checklist) Are AdWords advertisers about to get a lot more Quality Score reporting metrics? The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) Just released: 2017 Local Search Ranking Factors survey results Related Topics Channel: IndustrySearch In Pictures Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers A Marketing Agency’s Guide to Client Retention The Rise of the Customer Marketer The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Search Engine Land Pretty please? Is AdWords about to add new Quality Score reporting metrics? Fact check Is Google really keeping fake listings off Google Maps? Events Attend Search Engine Land’s conferences SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Sign up for our daily recaps of the ever-changing search marketing landscape. Google image search adds ‘style ideas’ after ‘similar items’ goes live Google says with the new image search feature, they can 'help boost your search style IQ.' Barry Schwartz on April 14, 2017 at 10:18 am More Google has announced a new feature within Google image search to find “style ideas” based on image searches you do for various articles. The new feature is very similar to a feature they launched earlier this week, named “similar items,” that shows similar styles and items based on the image you are currently looking at. This is driven off product schema markup, as we discussed earlier this week. Like “similar items,” “style ideas” works in image search on the Google app for Android and mobile web. Google said: With style ideas, you can see real-life options of what bag and jeans look stellar with those red high heels you’ve been eyeing. Or if running gear is more your speed, no sweat — workout ensemble ideas are just a tap away. Here is a GIF of it in action: About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Popular Stories The complete guide to optimizing content for SEO (with checklist) Are AdWords advertisers about to get a lot more Quality Score reporting metrics? The 8 time- & money-saving SEO tools I pay for (& 17 more I use for free) Just released: 2017 Local Search Ranking Factors survey results Related Topics Channel: SEOGoogle: Images Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers A Marketing Agency’s Guide to Client Retention The Rise of the Customer Marketer The Rise of Revenue Ops: Why Marketing & Sales Operations Make Growth Possible Creating an In-House Team for Enterprise Link Building Outsourcing Your Content vs. Hiring an In-House Writing Team See More Whitepapers Webinars Google Analytics 360 & the Move to Enterprise Analytics How to Create the Ultimate Marketing Plan National Brands & Local Search: Use insights to drive actions See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 How to use Google Home to find cheap flights Jess McHugh, Travel + Leisure Apr. 14, 2017, 9:09 AM 1,019 facebook linkedin twitter email print This nifty device can do all sorts of things — including tracking flights to find the cheapest deal. Google The INSIDER Summary: The voice-activated speaker will ask you a few questions about your desired trip, then create a price alert for flights. Google Flights will then send emails about the proposed trip whenever the price changes significantly. Since its rollout in November of last year, Google Home has served as a valuable resource for travelers of all kinds, from the solo business flier to the family vacationer. The voice-activated speaker and home assistant can check your flight status, find restaurants anywhere in the world, and even teach you some new phrases in a foreign language. And now it can also track plane ticket prices so users can find the best price for their upcoming trips. The Google Home is powered by Google Assistant, and it works by voice commands, starting with “OK Google.” To track flights, users simply start by asking, for instance, “OK Google, how much are flights to Paris?” Google Home will then follow up with questions about which dates you hope to travel and send you an email to confirm your price alert. Voilà. Google Flights will then send emails about the proposed trip whenever the price changes significantly, so users can make an informed decision about when to buy and when to fly. Other helpful travel capabilities of the device include the ability to inquire about visa requirements in specific countries, find up-to-date currency conversions, and search attractions in a particular country or city. Apple's Siri and Amazon's Alexa can perform similar tasks when it comes to finding restaurants or information about a destination, but neither have price-tracking abilities. Alexa has an edge over Siri when it comes to apps and travel-oriented tasks, as it can call an Uber or Lyft ride if you're rushing to get to the airport. Like Google Home, Alexa can also get translations and track existing flight reservations. Get the latest Google stock price here. Read the original article on Travel + Leisure. Copyright 2017. Follow Travel + Leisure on Twitter. More from Travel + Leisure: Delta Will Offer Passengers Up to $9,950 to Give Up Seats on Overbooked Flights Why YouTube Star Michelle Phan Quit Everything to Travel the World Chef Edward Lee Talks Louisville and His Love Affair With Bourbon NOW WATCH: The disturbing reason some people turn red when they drink alcohol Loading video... More: Travel travel + leisure Contributor Google Google @home facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru How to use Google Home to find cheap flights How to use Google Home to find cheap flights The INSIDER Summary: The voice-activated... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Joel Lee Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Joe Keeley Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Android 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Rohan Naravane April 14, 2017 14-04-2017 7 minutes 10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google Assistant is a fairly intelligent piece of software that was the unique selling point of the Pixel phones Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Google Pixel XL Review and Giveaway Google's first branded device delivers one of the best devices in the Android ecosystem: the $770 Pixel XL. The XL launched with similar specs as the $500 Nexus 6P, but is it worth $770? Read More  until it was made available to many Android 6.0+ smartphones early this year Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google Assistant Is Coming to More Smartphones Google is beginning to roll Google Assistant out to more smartphones. Unfortunately, the majority of Android handsets are not included in this initial rollout thanks to fragmentation. Read More . Now that a good chunk of Android users can use Google Assistant, it’s time to remind everyone of ten awesome things you can do with it. Of course, we’re assuming you already know that Assistant can make phone calls, send texts, set alarms, and all of those other basic functions. 1. Make It Read the News to You This is a great feature that you probably aren’t aware of — Google Assistant actually reads out news related to topics of your liking, from sources of your preference. And these are actual people reading the news, not some speech-to-text conversion. To enable this, you first need to open the Google App, swipe open the left menu, then go to Settings. Under Google Assistant, click Settings > News. Here, you can add news sources (currently only available in English) like CNN, BBC, Reuters, WSJ, Bloomberg, TIME, etc. There are also a bunch of publications with spoken coverage of tech news, business, sports, health, science, politics, etc. Once you’ve set this up, just say “Play the news” to Google Assistant (which you can invoke by a press and hold of the home button). Now, all those sources you chose will start playing one by one. You can also control playback by saying “Next” to jump to the next publication, or “Pause” or “Stop” to perform those actions. You can also play news from a single source by saying the name of the new source directly. For instance, try saying “BBC Minute” or “CNN News Briefing” to Google Assistant. 2. Reminders and the Shopping List You probably know you can ask digital assistants to “remind you of something” at a particular time. But did you know that you can use location reminders to be reminded of things as you arrive at a particular place? Just try saying, “Remind me to spend quality time with my family when I reach home,” to Google Assistant, and provided you’ve set your home location, it’ll push the reminder whenever you’re there. You can set your home and work locations by going to Settings in the Google app, then Settings under Google Assistant, and then Personal Info at the bottom. Beyond this, you can also make Google Assistant remember things that have no time or location triggers. For example, say, “Remember that the house keys are with my wife” or “Remember that the gas turns off if you turn the knob to the right”. Now, you can just ask, “What did I say about the gas?” or “Where are my keys?” and Assistant will show you the relevant answers. Lastly, for the times you need to add things to your shopping list, just say “Add X to my shopping list”. Saying this will either add that item to the Shopping List in the Google Keep app 7 Tips for Taking Better Notes in Google Keep for Android 7 Tips for Taking Better Notes in Google Keep for Android If you use Google Keep for Android, these tips will make your experience a much better one. Read More , or in more recent updates, store it in the Home app. To quickly bring up your shopping list, say, “What’s on my shopping list”. Unfortunately, you can’t delete items off the list just yet. 3. Check Flight Schedules and Other Things If you’ve used Google at all, you’ve probably come across Knowledge Graph at some point — those little cards that contain the answer to your search query. For example, you’ll see a card that says “1st June 1937” when you ask, “When was Morgan Freeman born?” Assistant is also conversational, meaning if you ask, “What was his first movie?”, it knows you’re talking about Morgan Freeman. And Google Assistant, just like Google Now before it, reads those cards out to you for a hands-free experience. So you can ask things like, “Where is UA 48 right now?” to know the flight status of that United Airlines plane. Of course, you can ask about anything you’d generally ask Google and have relevant information read out to you. 4. Perform All Kinds of Conversions Just like Google’s web search, you can also use Assistant to convert one unit to another. Ask, “How many kilometers is 10 meters?” or, “How many US Dollars is 6,000 Indian Rupees?” and you’ll get the converted values said out aloud to you. You can even ask things like, “What time will it be in Los Angeles if it’s 2 AM in India?” and it’ll do time conversions too. 5. Translate Sentences With the help of Google Translate, Assistant can speak entire sentences you ask it to translate from one language to another. For example, say, “How do I say thank you in Hindi?” or, “How do I say hello in Spanish?” to have translated sentences to appear on the screen as well as heard through your phone speaker. 6. Get Traffic Information Google Assistant can get you out of a jam, literally. Other than navigating you somewhere by voice, you can also check traffic information from your location. To do that, ask, “Time to madison square?” or whichever relevant place you want to check before starting the drive. 7. Play Music and Video You can play music via streaming services like Google’s own Play Music The Best Music Player on Android: Google Play Music Reviewed The Best Music Player on Android: Google Play Music Reviewed Google Play Music is a music streaming service, a local music player, and a podcast player all mashed into one. And it's great. Read More and even YouTube videos. It’s a bit weird that you can’t configure third-party apps like Spotify and Pandora (as you can on the Google Home Google Home Review and Giveaway Google Home Review and Giveaway Google Home is a personal assistant smart speaker, and comes from a company that literally knows everything. The $130 Google device answers questions, controls your smart home, and plays music. Should you buy one? Read More ). There just doesn’t seem to be a way to change the defaults on Android phones for now. Nonetheless, saying, “Play Daft Punk,” will start playing the music, whereas saying, “Play Daft Punk on YouTube,” will start playing the video. Assistant will also control music playback for you: “Turn the volume up” or “Play the previous track”. You get the idea. 8. Toggle Settings Apart from controlling music, there are other toggles that you can control by asking Assistant. Say, “Turn the flashlight on,” or, “Turn the Bluetooth off,” and see it happen. The What Can I Do section in the settings also suggests things like taking a selfie, but when I told Assistant to “take a selfie” on my Galaxy S6, it just opened the camera app — so your mileage may vary. 9. Control Smart Bulbs and Other IoT Devices The Google Assistant works with all kinds of internet of Things (IoT) devices 5 Easy-to-Setup Smart Home Gadgets for First Timers 5 Easy-to-Setup Smart Home Gadgets for First Timers Smart home automation sounds awesome in theory, but a lot of folks are hesitant to try it out because the learning curve seems hard. If that describes you: it's easier than you think! Read More  — from Philips Hue or LIFX smart bulbs, to Nest thermostats, to Belkin WeMo smart plugs, to Honeywell and Samsung SmartThings products, and more. If you happen to own one of these (or are now excited at the prospect of owning one), you can configure Google Assistant to work with them. Saying, “Turn off the bedroom lights,” will turn those off. To pair these smart devices with your Google Assistant, go to Settings in the Google app, hit Settings under Google Assistant, and click Home Control. And you can be organized about it too — other than adding these devices, you can create “rooms” in settings that contains these devices. That way, you can just say, “Turn off all the lights in the bedroom,” to turn off every smart bulb in there in one go. 10. Find Things in Apps Last, but definitely not the least, if you’re using other Google services like Google Photos 12 Amazing Google Photos Features You Didn't Know About 12 Amazing Google Photos Features You Didn't Know About Google Photos is a well-known service, but it holds many little tricks. Here are 12 great features of Photos you might have missed. Read More , Assistant can help you find just what you’re looking for. But you have to be careful with what you’re asking! For example, saying, “Show me pictures of my dogs,” shows me pictures of dogs stored in my Google Photos. I could even fine tune the query by saying, “Show me my pictures of my dogs from 2014.” Saying, “Show me my pictures of cars,” showed me my pictures that had cars in them. But I had to explicitly say, “Show me my pictures of…” or “Show me pictures of my…” because if you drop the word my from either of those sentences, and you’ll end up seeing Google Image search results than the ones from your library. Finally, you can search within your messages too by asking, “Show me emails from so-and-so,” or by asking, “Do I have any text messages from Prashant?” for text messages. When driving, Assistant will also read out your SMS messages for you if you say, “Read out my messages”. It’s a shame, though, that it can’t read out chats from instant messaging apps like WhatsApp or Telegram… yet. How Do You Use Google Assistant? If you’ve read up until here, you’re probably as excited to use your Android phone via voice as I am. You should remember that with time, Google should add more functionality to its Assistant software, especially now that a lot more people have access to it. Are you excited to try these voice commands? Which ones do you use on a daily basis? Share with us in the comments below. Previous PostGoogle Photos Can Stabilize Your Shaky Videos 5 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * LC April 15, 2017 at 6:19 am Did you know that Google plays MadLlibs with you? That's one of my favorite new Google Assistant functions. Reply Manas Parekh April 15, 2017 at 4:51 am Nice article. Useful and informative. Thanks. Reply Si Bates April 14, 2017 at 8:47 pm I wish I could say. OPEN MY GARAGE DOOR. Reply Rasel April 14, 2017 at 7:49 pm its awesome Reply Scott April 14, 2017 at 7:18 pm I love using Google at times. However, there is a little more than a learning curve as talking to machines is really weird at first and for a while. Even after loving tech all my life, actually talking to a piece of plastic sometimes has me tongue tied and having to repeat myself. The beauty of Google has been it's ability to understand me even when I didn't understand myself Haha. Reply Rohan Naravane 4 articles Rohan Naravane has a BSc in Computer Science. He's been writing about technology since 2007 for various digital and print publications. He has also worked for Apple in retail, and was also head of Product and UX for a buyer's guide website until 2016. He is often torn between Apple… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About What’s the Best Chromebook for Performance in 2017? Buying Guides What’s the Best Chromebook for Performance in 2017? Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update… Advertisement Related Articles 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Android 4 Google Now on Tap Features You Didn’t Know About Siri vs. Alexa: Which Personal Assistant Is Better? Smart Home Siri vs. Alexa: Which Personal Assistant Is Better? Google’s Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Technology Explained Google’s Most Interesting: Apps, Projects, and Services You Must Know About Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps Bullish Crunch Report News Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Snap Amazon NASA News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt NYEarly Bird Prices Extended One Week Get Your Tickets Today Apps Let’s Watch It! allows friends to watch & react to videos together on iMessage SpotHero acquires Parking Panda Facebook’s F8 plans include Camera Effects Platform, offline Instagram Browse more... family link Google introduces Family Link, its own parental control software for Android Browse more... family Boomerang launches a $5 per month cartoon streaming service Amazon FreeTime gets a Parent Dashboard, Discussion Cards & more Amazon will refund millions of unauthorized in-app purchases made by kids Browse more... Apps Let’s Watch It! allows friends to watch & react to videos together on iMessage Google Areo is a new app for ordering food or home services in India Amazon FreeTime gets a Parent Dashboard, Discussion Cards & more Browse more... android apps Shopkick’s rewards shopping app expands to grocery stores Showtime makes its entire library available for offline viewing on mobile devices Apple Music on Android catches up with iOS Browse more... Google’s parental control software Family Link hits iOS Posted 14 hours ago by Sarah Perez (@sarahintampa) 0 SHARES Next Story Crowdfunding platforms take a data-driven approach to state political campaigns In March, Google introduced its own parental control software for parents of kids with Android devices called Family Link – but there was a bit of a catch. In order for the system to work, it required that both parent and child use Android. That has now changed, as the parents’ app for configuring and monitoring the child’s device usage has just arrived on iOS devices. That means mom or dad can be an iPhone user, but still manage their child’s screen time, daily usage limits, set “bedtimes” and more, for their kids who use Android. This launch expands the reach of Family Link dramatically, given that iOS has grown to capture 42 percent of the smartphone market here in the U.S., where Family Link is currently available. The parental control platform is still in testing. When Google unveiled the software last month, it explained that parents would first have to request an invite to join the program. The idea is that Google wants to first work out the kinks and get feedback from early adopters before making Family Link more broadly available. As for the software itself, Family Link lets parents set some basic limits on how their child can use their Android phone. It offers tools that allow parents to either block or approve app downloads – similar to the iCloud Family Sharing “Ask” feature on Apple devices – or block apps that are already installed. In addition, parents can track how much time kids are spending in which apps through weekly and monthly activity reports, remotely lock the child’s device on a set schedule (device “bedtimes”), and configure daily screen time limits. screen696x696 (20) screen696x696 (21) screen696x696 (22) screen696x696 (23)  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit The iOS version, released on Thursday, doesn’t appear to have any new features compared with its Android counterpart – it simply ports the parental control app to Apple’s platform. There are a few other caveats to be aware of if you want to try Family Link, however. It still requires the child has an Android device running Nougat (7.0) or higher, or has one of a handful of supported Marshmallow devices. (A list of those is available on the Family Link FAQ page.) Of course, you should also be aware that this is an early preview of the software, and there could still be bugs to contend with here. Family Link for iOS works on devices running iOS 9 or higher and is a free download on the App Store.  0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase iOS Description iOS is Apple's operating system for their mobile devices. It debuted in 2007 with the release of the first iPhone, but has since been Website http://www.apple.com/ios Full profile for iOS iOS Apps Description Native mobile application that allow entrepreneurs to connect with their prospective co founders within or outside their vicinity. Website http://www.cofoundersdating.com Full profile for iOS Apps Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Trailer...Woooah | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes family link family Apps android apps Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Trailer...Woooah | Crunch Report VIDEO | 3:17 | Crunch Report Uber shares growing financials to distract from negative publicity 9 hours ago | Alex Wilhelm, Katie Roof Weekly Roundup: Uber’s Hell-ish week, Tesla’s plans for trucking 10 hours ago | Anna Escher Alphabet’s Verily offers a more serious take on health monitoring wearables with the Study Watch 12 hours ago | Brian Heater Apple gets permit to test autonomous cars in California 13 hours ago | Romain Dillet Latest From Mobile LeEco pulls the plug on its EcoPass video service as stories of US struggles mount 10 hours ago | Brian Heater Can podcasting save the world? 11 hours ago | John Biggs Let’s Watch It! allows friends to watch & react to videos together on iMessage 16 hours ago | Sarah Perez Facebook’s F8 plans include Camera Effects Platform, offline Instagram yesterday | Josh Constine Comment moderation powered by Up Next Crowdfunding platforms take a data-driven approach to state political campaigns Posted 14 hours ago CrunchBoard Job Listings Senior Software Engineer-CCC Technology Center (7 Positions) at Butte-Glenn Community College (Oroville, CA, United States) VP of Engineering -- $160,000- $200,000 at Hammer-Corp (San Diego, CA, United States) Manager Dev Operations at The Madison Square Garden Companies (New York, NY, United States) Director Engineering at The Madison Square Garden Companies (New York, NY, United States) Director IT Strategy and Architecture at Sargento Foods Inc. (Plymouth, WI, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip Activations Blog International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps Bullish Crunch Report News All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Report: UberRush will stop handling restaurant deliveries 11 minutes ago by Catherine Shu Crunch Report | ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ Trailer…Woooah 4 hours ago by Khaled "Tito" Hamze Short film ‘The Moderators’ takes a look at the thankless job of patrolling the web 7 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Early-Bird ticket deadline extended until April 21 9 hours ago by Matt Burns Simple is closing some customer bank accounts, and users are mad as hell 9 hours ago by Ryan Lawler Uber shares growing financials to distract from negative publicity 9 hours ago by Alex Wilhelm, Katie Roof LeEco pulls the plug on its EcoPass video service as stories of US struggles mount 10 hours ago by Brian Heater Facebook announces victory over a spam operation after six months of combat 10 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Weekly Roundup: Uber’s Hell-ish week, Tesla’s plans for trucking 10 hours ago by Anna Escher GM plans to deploy hundreds of autonomous vehicles across the country for testing 11 hours ago by Devin Coldewey
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › opinion home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Technology sector Opinion Here’s how to civilise Uber, and make the other ‘death stars’ work for us too Deborah Orr If we want the tech behemoths to start behaving themselves we must tear our transfixed gaze from their exploits, and start using our brains instead Crisis PR expert Jeremy Robinson-Leon remarked that Uber ‘has cultivated this reputation as the death star. Until they can really think about the root cause of the issues they are going to have a difficult time changing the narrative’. Photograph: null/2016 Lucasfilm Technology sector Opinion Here’s how to civilise Uber, and make the other ‘death stars’ work for us too Deborah Orr If we want the tech behemoths to start behaving themselves we must tear our transfixed gaze from their exploits, and start using our brains instead Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Contact author @DeborahJaneOrr Friday 14 April 2017 12.33 EDT Last modified on Friday 14 April 2017 17.00 EDT Pretty much everyone who has seen the 1990 sci-fi movie Total Recall remembers Johnny Cab, the sardonic robot taxi driver. A quarter of a century on, however, we all understand that there will be no need for the comfort of a humanoid skeuomorph to persuade people to leap into self-driving cars. Likewise, pretty much everyone who has seen Star Wars remembers the Death Star, the sinister ball of military technology developed to destroy uncooperative planets. The crisis PR expert Jeremy Robinson-Leon remarked the other day that the minicab company Uber “has cultivated this reputation as the death star. Until they can really think about the root cause of the issues, they are going to have a difficult time changing the narrative.” Robinson-Leon’s comments followed the resignation from Uber of Rachel Whetstone, who was appointed two years ago as policy and communications vice-chair. Executive haemorrhage is by no means the company’s only problem. Among many other difficulties is the legal action Google’s parent company, Alphabet, is pursuing, following allegations that one of their former executives stole the research details of their self-driving technology arm, Waymo, and took them to Uber. It’s tempting simply to look on, paralysed with horrified wonder, as these global players fight over who gets to dominate the world. Most of us have trouble comprehending this stuff, after all. The technology is opaque. Globalised business is queasily baffling. Just figures like $70bn – which is said to be the worth of Uber, the most successful startup the planet has ever known – let alone $560bn, reportedly the worth of Alphabet, the biggest firm on Earth, are too enormous to contemplate. Politicians talk about competitive markets. These guys know they're something you only take part in until you have won All we know is that we like these companies’ services. It’s free to Google stuff, and we do it all the time. Our smartphones have become our brain extensions, saving us the effort of riffling through our memory banks even when we know the information we seek is already lodged somewhere in our lo-tech heads. Likewise, whatever our misgivings about Uber, there’s a point at which we feel like fools for standing in the rain, waiting to hail a black cab that never seems to come, just so we can pay a good chunk more for the privilege. We leave the exhausting details to others and concentrate on what Robinson-Leon calls “the narrative”. Google’s is good. It’s considered to be a good employer. No such plaudits for Uber, whose head, Travis Kalanick, was filmed having a heated verbal exchange with one of the company’s drivers. Yet when it comes down to it, the defining difference between nice Alphabet and nasty Uber is that the former started something new while the latter took on all manner of long-standing chauffeuring services with the message that their old ways were redundant, and only self-serving neo-Luddites would resist. Uber, in short, seems dirty because it took on dirty work. Politicians still bang on about the robust wonders of competitive markets, when these guys know that competition is something you only take part in until you have won. How Uber conquers a city in seven steps Read more We know the robots are coming. We wonder if maybe we’ll end up having sex with them. Yet the real problem is that the people who are making the future are the ones who know the details of the troubles that lie ahead. American professors Erik Brynjolfsson and Tom Mitchell warned recently in a paper published in Nature that companies like Uber and Alphabet have a much better grasp of what is likely to happen in the future to “contingent workers” than governments do. “Without data on how artificial intelligence is affecting jobs, policymakers will fly blind into the next industrial revolution,” is their warning. This is wise counsel. It is not inevitable that the death stars will win – it’s only tremendously likely, unless the narrative is wrested from their grasp. The rest of us must stop simply fretting and start thinking. We know these clever, nimble behemoths generate useful services. We know they generate wealth. We know they can deliver benefits, enhancing communication, education, creativity, entrepreneurship, entertainment, sociability – all sorts of things that nourish human beings. There is a huge opportunity for global death stars to be transformed into cooperative companies. Such companies would work in the interests of all of their participants and pay dividends to them – you could call these a citizen’s income. Instead of simply gazing open-mouthed at the power of those among us who operate the death stars, we need to decide what that power should be aiming to achieve. Hell of a ride: even a PR powerhouse couldn't get Uber on track Read more Topics Technology sector Opinion Robots Uber Alphabet comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Opinion › Technology sector back to top the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Light's 52MP 'L16' 16 lens camera now has a final design, and is almost ready to ship 9 minutes ago The Nokia 6 is being updated to Android 7.1.1 with Google's April security update 1 hour ago BioShock: The Collection for the Xbox One is now 52% off 1 hour ago The NSA's Windows-hacking arsenal leaked, affects Windows 2000 through 8, servers included 1 hour ago View all recent news The NSA's Windows-hacking arsenal leaked, affects Windows 2000 through 8, servers included 1 hour ago Microsoft's cancelled Lumia 750 aka "Guilin" gets revealed in new video 2 hours ago Microsoft Rewards to replace Xbox Live Rewards in Australia in late April 5 hours ago Microsoft's Brad Smith: Growing consensus on need for international treaty on state attacks 8 hours ago View all Microsoft news YouTube working on official dark mode 14 hours ago Google Hire: the search giant now wants to help you find a job 15 hours ago Android Pay can now be used from within some banking apps Apr 13, 2017 Google is now upgrading Nexus 6P beta testers to final build of Android 7.1.2 Nougat Apr 13, 2017 View all Google news Apple receives permit to test self-driving cars in California 9 hours ago Numerous MacBook Pro owners report unexplained "popping" sound coming from their laptops Apr 13, 2017 Apple reportedly has a secret team developing diabetes sensors for the Apple Watch Apr 13, 2017 Qualcomm sues Apple for misleading customers about chip performance Apr 13, 2017 View all Apple news Sandboxie 5.18 1 hour ago ShareX 11.7.0 17 hours ago ScreenToGif 2.7.1 20 hours ago Malwarebytes 3.0.6.1469 CU4.1 23 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life 16 hours ago Logitech BRIO review: The best webcam you can buy Mar 28, 2017 Oukitel U15S review: A combination of wrong choices Mar 20, 2017 Nintendo Switch Review: Jack of all trades or master (system) of none? Mar 12, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 Samsung's Galaxy S8 goes shark diving with T-Mobile's latest underwater unboxing Mar 30, 2017 View all unboxings Version 1704 update is rolling out to all Xbox One users today - here's what's new Apr 13, 2017 Virgin Media is now turning customers' home broadband routers into public Wi-Fi hotspots 12 hours ago Custom Gamerpics are now available for Xbox Insiders in the Preview Alpha ring Apr 14, 2017 HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life 16 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get the Citrix Xen Cloud Mastery Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals (96% off) 18 hours ago Save 50% off this Toughlink Metal Braided Lightning Cable 2-Pack, now just $29.99 Apr 13, 2017 Save 98% off the Computer Hacking Forensic Investigation & Penetration Testing - now $59 Apr 12, 2017 Get this Microsoft Private Cloud Solutions Bundle with certification of completion for $44 Apr 11, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Google Hire: the search giant now wants to help you find a job By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · 15 hours ago with 8 comments Google is an everyday companion for many of us, putting the knowledge of the world at our fingertips thanks to its hugely versatile search engine. But along with providing searches for news, images, locations, tickets, information and countless other bits from across the web, Google is now preparing to leverage its expertise in another new area: job searches. The Google Hire login page has already gone live, but the service hasn't been officially announced, and it's not yet possible to actually log in. Axios reports that Google Hire will allow employers to post job listings, and then process and manage applications through the site. Numerous companies - including CoreOS, DramaFever, Medisas, Poynt, and SingleHop - are said to already be testing the service. It was apparently developed by Google's enterprise and cloud division, headed up by Diane Greene, whose startup company, Bebop, was acquired by Google in 2015. Google's move into job searches could help to streamline the process of finding and applying for jobs online. Depending on exactly what Google has planned for the service, it could also rival Microsoft's professional networking platform, LinkedIn. Source: Axios Tags Google Google hire Job searches Job board Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Microsoft may be bringing tabs to other apps, File Explorer included Next Story Grab a WinX DVD Ripper Platinum 8.5.0 license ($59.95 value) for free Community Activity Refresh Two 960 Evo Drives, Something Kills 4K Reads/Writes in Hardware Hangout A year later than planned, Dell's stunning 30-inch 4K OLED monitor is available for $3,499 in Front Page News Light's 52MP 'L16' 16 lens camera now has a final design, and is almost ready to ship in Front Page News Microsoft Rewards to replace Xbox Live Rewards in Australia in late April in Front Page News Samsung's Galaxy S8 active makes its first appearance as the SM-G892A in Front Page News Microsoft is finally blocking updates to older versions of Windows on new processors in Front Page News My first drone in General Discussion Sandboxie 5.18 in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Version 1704 update is rolling out to all Xbox One users today - here's what's new Apr 13, 2017 with 4 comments Virgin Media is now turning customers' home broadband routers into public Wi-Fi hotspots 12 hours ago with 14 comments Custom Gamerpics are now available for Xbox Insiders in the Preview Alpha ring Apr 14, 2017 with 1 comment HP Spectre x360 review: A near-perfect convertible that falls short on battery life 16 hours ago with 0 comments Related Stories Google has a solution to the password problem Jan 19, 2013 · Hot! Google+ gaining traction, may soon rule the world Jan 6, 2013 · Hot! iOS and Android device activations break new Christmas 2012 record Dec 27, 2012 · Hot! Microsoft slams Google on taking out EAS support for Gmail Dec 17, 2012 · Hot! deals Complete C# Coding Bootcamp $765.00 $41.00 95% off TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $29.00 96% off Windscribe VPN: Lifetime Pro Subscription $900.00 $79.00 91% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off Getflix: Lifetime Subscription $1,199.00 $39.00 97% off Show Comments 8 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Only 13 phones will get the Windows 10 Mobile Creators Update tall promo only IT'S HERE! How to get the Windows 10 Creators Update on your PC now fyi video HP EliteBook x360 G2: Unboxing and first impressions hp elitebook x360 Xbox Project Scorpio: Key specs of the "most powerful console ever" project scorpio Overview of the new features and improvements in the major new update creators update video HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display: Unboxing and first impressions hp spectre x360 Microsoft announces event on May 2 at which we'll "learn what's next" microsoftedu IT'S DEAD, JIM Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista Windows Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button Corbin Davenport Follow View All Posts 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 52 Plus 1 on G+ 13 Share on Facebook 39 Share on Twitter Total Shares104 Applications Google News Google Now on Tap was introduced alongside Android 6.0 Marshmallow, which used context on your screen to help you find information. Google Assistant replaced Now on Tap (for compatible devices), and carried over most of its functionality. Now Assistant is making it slightly more obvious that it can search your screen and take screenshots.    Left: Old design; Center, Right: New design Before, screen search results would appear below the main Assistant prompt after a few seconds, and the screenshot button was found below the screen search results. Buttons for screen search and taking a screenshot are now immediately visible when Assistant is opened. This is a minor improvement, but definitely a welcome one. The change appears to be part of a server-side update, so if you don't have it, you will soon. Thanks: Łukasz Tags assistant Google google now on tap now on tap Screen Search screenshot ui subscribe ... Previous Story Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger ... Next Story A new version of Google Wifi pops up at the FCC without ZigBee support Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments rndusrnm479461 Finally. The old swipe up barely even worked most of the time. I've been waiting for them to do something like this. Paul Smith Don't even have assistant yet... Nexus 5x 7.12 samiazza Same here, is there any way to get it without root? Suresh Aryal Change the phone language to US English, delete Google app data and you should be running Assistant after few setup screens or just wait for few hours. samiazza Thank you, it worked:-) belac77 that's so weird. I've had Assistant on my Moto G Play running Marshmallow from the second or third day the rollout began! Zahir_SMASH be glad you don't. Alex Dueppen Is it just me or did Assistant get rid of the OCR thing where you could select text on your screen? Bombaglad this was never a part of assistant, only now on tap Nicholas Matranga Nope, they removed it for some reason. That was one of the main things I used now on tap for. Corbin Davenport That feature was never ported to Assistant. Mohammad Fazal Love this Now on tap feature. And now its gone :/ Evgany Used it all the time. Bring it back. Ruel Johnson It's still there you highlight the text then once you open assistant you tap "What's on my screen" Rami Hmm, never knew that worked. Still doesn't help if the text is in an image or it is non selectable text. Steve Riendeau Awesome, thank you! XgudwilX Not the same. You could copy text from within any app, screen, photo, whatever. Even a photo you took of a food label, street sign, or hand written note. Many languages and fonts too. You'd just hit the little copy (👆🏿)icon and go to town. It was amazing. The Now On Tap reverse image search, from within the camera app was awesome too. Much faster than what the Assistant tries to do. It's usually hit or miss. Oh well, maybe this new change is Google making room to bring back the text select (👆🏿) icon! MayorMcCheese Main reason I removed Assistant David Hyman While not ideal and not always a option, you can select text and then trigger the assistant and it'll use that for search context. And there are other apps CTRL-F (I think) that does basically the same thing. So you can share the screenshot with CTRL-F and then copy the text form there kalehv Also I remember Google Now on Tap did screen search when Camera was open. Was helpful to read barcodes but now that's gone. I don't want to install another app just to read barcodes, or QR codes whatever. mjmdroid Got it and already used it more than 4 times today Nicholas Smith Is there any way to use google assistant to schedule calendar events from your text messages? That was a huge feature of on-tap and I don't get why it went away. SocialSupaCrew Yes it's still present with assistant :) Miles Reiter What kind of context were you using that feature in with Assistant? I was trying to get that to work the other day with a clearly spelled out date and time from an email, and it wasn't finding a thing on my screen. motoridersd Awesome! I hated scrolling down to get to the button, so I wasn't using this feature much. This is much better. Eddy Nelson Lopez They need to bring text selection back! Deeco I got a Screenshot of not having Google Assistant, shall I share? FU Google demarcmj no thank you abqnm Maybe someday they'll add a button to open the damn Google app from the assistant pop-up. If I can't talk to my phone, I want to still be able to search without having to go back to the homescreen and then into the Google app. Miles Reiter I'm thinking about writing some kind of case study around the rollout of Assistant and the pro's/con's compared to Now on Tap. What you mentioned is definitely a pain point in my own usage. I'm curious whether there's anything else (good or bad) that stands out to you about Assistant. Luke Taylor As a language learner, one of the big setbacks about GA is that I no longer have the ability to translate my screen or select specific text on my screen if the screen search doesn't pull up any results. I used those on a daily basis! Grey It's easy. You hit the Google icon next to the search, nothing happens, you fumble around, you tap the search box, you swipe up and down, you get very frustrated, and eventually it randomly closes on you when you try pressing the phone back button, so you press the "recent apps" button but it doesn't exist and you get even more frustrated so you tap the Home Screen Search Box and tap the Google icon and Google Now might load. See? Easy. LOL There are still things that Google Now does better then Assistant.....Very annoying Cory S Eh, I think Now did just about everything better than Assistant. aRvInD I want my Google Now onTap back? Is there any mod to get it? Zahir_SMASH Change your phone's language to US Virgin Islands English. You get Now On Tap back, and Google's voice responses get an Australian accent, which I think you can fix, but I find charming in its own way. titetanium Go to apkmirror and download Google App version 6.11.21 or earlier. You'll probably lose any recent data saved in the current version, but Now on Tap will be back. Don't upgrade the app afterwards. Profit. Zahir_SMASH That's a lot more trouble than just changing your language to another English option titetanium Perhaps, but you won't have to worry about getting Assistant going forward as long as you stay on the old version. How long before El Goog updates the other English language options to have Assistant? Miles Reiter What are some of those things that Now did better for you? To be clear I definitely agree, just looking for some things I might not have thought of for writing a case study on the subject! LOL To be honest I don't really use them often. But I really like how Google Now gives you this nice weather card with ton of info, there is no such a thing in Assistant. Also Google Now is able tell which song is playing, again it's missing from Assistant brownjames Text search from any screen. Selection of non selectable onscreen text. Language translation of non selectable text onscreen. Those are my favorite 3 features of Now on Tap that are not in Assistant. Luke Taylor Exactly the same as you. Text translation and selection was used daily by me. Hugely bummed that Assistant can't do it. Michel Sa I could do image searrch (searching by image) using Now on tap, Assistant can't Mohit Saini Will Moto X2 get google assistant? Or it's only available to 64bit devices like s7,nexus 6p...... Zahir_SMASH Pretty sure it is supposed to be rolling out to any device with Marshmallow and up. Corbin Davenport It's for any phone (not tablet) running 6.0 and up, and I think there's a minimum RAM requirement too. Zahir_SMASH Good to know, thanks blindexecutioner Still isn't as good as now on tap. Before when I'd use that on my home screen it would bring up a bunch of options like navigate to work or home. Now it just says there isn't anything. Margaritas Ante Porcos Bixby button is a good place for Google Assistant. diskostu I hate the Assistant, but I love Now On Tap. Is there any way to get Now On Tap back? ro.opa.eligible_device=false does not work anymore. Major Sceptic I liked on tap too , the assistant may be ok in some ways , but I find myself using the AI features less now than when I had on tap . Sometimes I wonder if having all the Wizz bang software that tries to make life easier by bombarding us with constantly​ with organisational​ suggestions that it may in fact be more like a nagging mother in-law . Or I'm just getting old and grumpy in my old age 😎 ? _jack_ You're not. Guilherme Pata Typing to the assistant as you do in Allo would be a real feature. This button doesn't do much when all you had to do before was swipe up... itsatrap It's not as good as Now on tap. demarcmj Didn't this happen like a month ago? https://www.google.com/search?q=google+assistant+%22What%27s+on+my+screen%22&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8 All the results are from around 3/15 (ish) Corbin Davenport It's been rolling out slowly. demarcmj Interesting. I figured the roll-out was about done since I have it and I never get anything early. Still, staged roll-out or not, I was surprised to see that you guys hadn't covered this already. Cakefish Still no assistant available in the UK on a non-Pixel device... hurry up Google. And bring YouTube Red over here while you're at it. Why is Google so lethargic with updates? freshprince_87 Never cared for the now on tap screenshot option. kalehv I also wish that Assistant could be dismissed by just swiping down. It shows up from bottom halfway to the top and it stretches to top when you pull it up only makes me think it could be pulled down to dismiss but .... Dan it does that if it's still on the bottom half of the screen. just tried it. kalehv Yeah but you pull it up to go all the way to top makes me think you can pull it down as well which doesn't work. Ishti Screen translation and text recognition scanning missing. Portzblitz Smart. Before, when you'd summon Assistant, whether you needed more info or not, Google would be processing at the bottom anyway even though few people ever actually swipe up for it; now, the button can be instantly available, but the processing will only happen for people who press it. Separates the task load. Michel Sa Where is the image search from Now on tap! Assistant is a step back. DC_Guy It's MUCH more useful this way. I take a lot of screenshots and i hated always having to scroll down to get to the share button. Sang Ngaihte No Assistant till now in India. Only Now on tap. Sibin C Baby I need the old text selection back....That's the only reason I'm still continuing in Google now Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 320 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 105 queries | 0.595s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Dirty dairy industry claims "clean food" promotes disease Facebook and Google use casino-style brain manipulation tactics to ADDICT users to their mobile apps Friday, April 14, 2017 by: JD Heyes Tags: brain hacking, Facebook, Google, Social media (Natural News) If you’re someone who ‘can’t live without’ social media or know someone like that, there is science behind the addiction, and while sinister, most people who can’t stop checking Facebook or Google have no idea how they became so hooked. It’s a mind technique the social media giants use to make us feel as though we can’t live without them, according to a former Google product manager. As reported by the UK’s Daily Mail, the tactics are underhanded and designed to get our brains hooked on checking our smartphones, says Tristan Harris, who noted that technology companies are using mind techniques similar to those used by casinos. These techniques are meant to addict people to their phones and the constant access to social media content. Harris said the technique is employed by computer programmers and is called “brain hacking.” He noted further that the techniques are essentially damaging the minds of future generations. (RELATED: Former Facebook employees admit to the routine censorship of news stories; artificial injection of government propaganda into trending news list) “This thing is a slot machine,” Harris told CBS News in an interview, adding that the tech world would prefer that everyone was kept in the dark about brain hacking. “Every time I check my phone, I’m playing the slot machine to see, ‘What did I get?’ This is one way to hijack people’s minds and create a habit, to form a habit. What you do is you make it so when someone pulls a lever, sometimes they get a reward, an exciting reward. And it turns out that this design technique can be embedded inside all of these products.” The rewards include “likes” to the things you post, cute emojis included in text messages and a growing number of followers. Google, Facebook, Twitter and other social media platforms all take advantage of “brain hacking.” Harris said programmers have an entire “playbook of techniques” they utilize to get people using the product – the apps, in this case, as well as the social media sites – for as long and as often as possible. (RELATED: Facebook could face child pornography charges in Britain) One of the more popular messaging services – if not the most popular right now – for tweeners and teenagers is Snapchat. The app comes with a feature, known as “streaks” that indicates the number of days the user has sent messages back and forth. After awhile, kids begin to think they don’t want to lose their streak, so if they are going to be away from Snapchat for a while – say, on a vacation with parents – they will often give their password to friends who will then log in and help them continue their streak with the other person. “And so you could ask when these features are being designed, are they designed to most help people live their lives? Or are they being designed because they’re best at hooking people to use the product?” Harris said. In the end, he said, the titans of Silicon Valley may or may not know they are shaping the thoughts, feelings and actions of hundreds of millions of people – though it is a safer bet to assume they know exactly what they’re doing. “There’s always this narrative that technology’s neutral. And it’s up to us to choose how we use it. This is just not true,” Harris said. Technology isn’t at all “neutral,” he insisted. Apps are designed in particular ways to make users engage in them for as long as possible, because that’s how tech-media companies like Facebook and Google make their billions. Tech insiders don’t normally reveal such secrets, but Harris felt a need to speak out. Just a few years ago he was working in Silicon Valley living the dream. He dropped out of a master’s degree program at Stanford University to launch a tech start-up, which was bought out by Google four years later, with the company offering him a position as a product manager. He started feeling overwhelmed while there. (RELATED: Facebook To Become Left-Wing Propaganda Echo Chamber With Orwellian Plan To Label Independent Journalism “Fake”) In the end, he wrote a 144-page “manifesto” which concluded that a handful of techies at just a few companies are influencing the thoughts and actions of a billion people, thus “weakening’ personal relationships and “destroying our kids’ ability to focus.” Find more news about the negative influence of technology on human lives at GLITCH.news. J.D. Heyes is a senior writer for NaturalNews.com and NewsTarget.com, as well as editor of The National Sentinel. Sources: CBSNews.com DailyMail.co.uk Collapse.news Previous :These personal financial emergencies will wipe out most households – Part II Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on brain hacking Facebook and Google use casino-style brain manipulation tactics to ADDICT users to their mobile apps Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-14-facebook-and-google-use-casino-style-brain-manipulation-tactics-to-addict-users-to-their-mobile-apps.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-04-14-facebook-and-google-use-casino-style-brain-manipulation-tactics-to-addict-users-to-their-mobile-apps.html">Facebook and Google use casino-style brain manipulation tactics to ADDICT users to their mobile apps</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year TWISTED: According to bizarre Pentagon logic, Russia can now bomb the USA to stop vaccine violence against children - NaturalNews.com 13 Foods you should only buy once… then grow forever - NaturalNews.com If nuclear war breaks out, which U.S. cities would be targeted first? - NaturalNews.com Dairy industry front group declares eating “clean food” promotes disease; tells youth to drink DIRTY MILK for lifelong health - NaturalNews.com Game over: We crossed the red line years ago and no one is telling you: The world as we know it is collapsing like a pack of cards - NaturalNews.com Rhode Island student kicked out of school for refusing the HPV vaccine - NaturalNews.com Easily dump dairy with these 7 modern substitutes - NaturalNews.com Controversial scientist claims heating up your tea in the MICROWAVE will make it healthier - NaturalNews.com Cannibalism, vaccines and animal-human hybrid DNA: Dave Hodges interviews Mike Adams about the planned destruction of the human race - NaturalNews.com Who needs meds? Simple potassium may lower blood pressure more safely than prescription drugs - NaturalNews.com Chemical preservative in baby wipes found to cause eczema-like rashes After pushing LGBT agenda for children, Disney files patent on cuddly robots that could be used as “sex toys” for children - NaturalNews.com The Truth About Vaccines documentary series just launched hours ago… view the “can’t miss” episodes here - NaturalNews.com 4 Must-have communication devices for a grid down situation - NaturalNews.com Coca-Cola responsible for polluting the earth with 100 BILLION plastic bottles, reveals alarming investigation - NaturalNews.com How to heal cavities naturally Is Venezuela America's future? Will our nation descend into chaos as food riots spread? - NaturalNews.com Walking your children home from school and driving while caffeinated are now felony crimes in police state America - NaturalNews.com If nuclear war breaks out, which U.S. cities would be targeted first? - NaturalNews.com United Airlines drags physician kicking and screaming off a flight he PAID FOR because they overbooked and wanted the seat back - NaturalNews.com Sleepwalking toward World War III… like clockwork, the next 25-year cycle of mass human suffering and death begins NOW - NaturalNews.com Opium-like painkiller alternative can be found growing in your backyard - NaturalNews.com In plain sight: How to stay hidden during a crisis - NaturalNews.com Walking your children home from school and driving while caffeinated are now felony crimes in police state America - NaturalNews.com TWISTED: According to bizarre Pentagon logic, Russia can now bomb the USA to stop vaccine violence against children - NaturalNews.com Iodine protection from nuclear fallout? Not always, warns the Health Ranger in science article debunking iodine myths - NaturalNews.com Clinical tests reveal that black cumin seed (Nigella Sativa) may treat hypothyroidism - NaturalNews.com 13 Foods you should only buy once… then grow forever - NaturalNews.com The astonishing TRUE story of a CDC criminal conspiracy and the international fugitive from justice who faked vaccine research - NaturalNews.com 11 common health symptoms hint at global depopulation 'slow kill' Engineers: The next California earthquake could “liquefy” 235-foot-high dam and unleash 29 billion gallons of water onto Silicon Valley - NaturalNews.com KFC's 'secret ingredient' is a brain-frying neurotoxin SHOCKING: Woman’s x-ray reveals a pool of cooking oil in her lung - NaturalNews.com General anesthetic can cause serious brain damage following surgery - NaturalNews.com Dairy industry front group declares eating “clean food” promotes disease; tells youth to drink DIRTY MILK for lifelong health - NaturalNews.com Incredibly disturbing animation reveals how vaccines are really made… WARNING: this will turn your stomach - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com If nuclear war breaks out, which U.S. cities would be targeted first? - NaturalNews.com Obama officials caught red-handed in most explosive abuse of power in U.S. history… bigger than Watergate… is Susan Rice going to prison? - NaturalNews.com United Airlines drags physician kicking and screaming off a flight he PAID FOR because they overbooked and wanted the seat back - NaturalNews.com Incredibly disturbing animation reveals how vaccines are really made… WARNING: this will turn your stomach - NaturalNews.com Sleepwalking toward World War III… like clockwork, the next 25-year cycle of mass human suffering and death begins NOW - NaturalNews.com Countless teenage girls suffer paralysis, blood clots, brain damage and chronic pain from force-vaccination of Gardasil’s HPV “shot in the dark” - NaturalNews.com Vitamin C breakthrough discovery: Low-cost nutrient halts growth of cancer stem cells… 1000% more effective than cancer drug… peer-reviewed science confirms powerful effects - NaturalNews.com Opium-like painkiller alternative can be found growing in your backyard - NaturalNews.com Meet Dr. Jack Wolfson, a courageous cardiologist willing to tell the truth about modern medicine Fall from grace? Whole Foods losing staggering number of customers - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Five new websites to bookmark for the coming collapse - NaturalNews.com Attention vaccine fanatics: your 'shedders' should stay home from school for 2 weeks after every LIVE virus inoculation Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes How turmeric kills cancer and how to optimize curcumin absorption Health Ranger awarded U.S. patent for breakthrough anti-radiation formula that eliminates Cesium-137 from your body - NaturalNews.com Secret Russian weapon could wipe out NYC, Boston and D.C. in minutes with a massive radioactive tidal wave - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease 10 health benefits of cucumbers CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Horrific spider bite may cause man to lose his arms and legs (Newstarget.com) There are far more vaccine-damaged children in America than chemical weapons-damaged children in Syria (Newstarget.com) Confirmed: Bacteria in your mouth can "ignite" cancer throughout your body... oral health should be part of every prevention strategy (Naturalnews.com) 100 shocking studies prove cannabis can help cure cancer (Naturalnews.com) We kidney not: Kidney beans are good for you (Naturalnews.com) Hip surgery on a Sunday? Think again... it could be your last (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
News Deals Apps & Games Reviews Cell Phone Plans The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Galaxy S8 Android O LG G6 Nougat updates Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Latest Nest update adds Google Smart Lock support, improved notifications, and more Newsby Mitja Rutnik14 hours ago 230 2 Nest has released a new update for its Android app that allows you to control the company’s products you have in your home. The update adds three new things: Google Smart Lock support; improved notification settings; and a “Works with Nest” section. With the added Google Smart Lock, logging into the Nest app just got a lot easier. There’s no need to remember your password anymore, as you can sign in with the help of your Google Account. See also: Nest said to be making a cheaper thermostat and updating its home security portfolio March 8, 2017 Next up are the improved notifications. Thanks to the new update, it’s now possible for you to set notifications for motion activity, person alerts, or both. Additionally, each family member has the option of tailoring the notification settings to their liking. The last thing that the update adds is probably the least interesting. You’ll find a new “Works with Nest” section in the app, which is basically an in-app catalog showing you a bunch of products that are compatible with Nest’s ecosystem. The update should already be available. To get it, simply update the Nest app on your device and you’re good to go. INSTALL NEST News Nest Nest  Nest Mitja Rutnik Leave a comment The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Drones charged   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2017 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   LG G6 International Giveaway! 6 days ago56 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy Your source for all things Android! About Contact Jobs Advertise Privacy Policy © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Marketing Why the Best ‘Customer Journeys’ Place Mobile at the Center Apr 14, 2017 Opinion North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Marketing Content Industry leaders are transforming their businesses by making the user experience on mobile devices the center of their marketing strategies, according to this opinion piece by Gopi Kallayil, Google’s chief evangelist for brand marketing and Bhaskar Ramesh, head of industry, consumer packaged goods, India. The automobile industry has long thrived in a world where cars were parked 95% of the time. But that’s all changing. In October of 2016, Steve Mahan, who is legally blind, tooled around Austin, Tex. in one of Google’s fleet of self-driving cars — no brake pads, no steering wheel. Just Steve. “It is like driving with a very good driver,” Mahan told The Washington Post. “This is a hope of independence.” Not only could driverless cars help millions who cannot navigate roads on their own, but they also enable ride-sharing, where cars could shuttle people on multiple trips during the day. In the San Francisco Bay Area, we can look at Uber (while there’s currently much controversy around the company, they’re still a dominant name in the category). Travis Kalanick and Garrett Camp, founders of the ride-sharing company, created their app to connect drivers with dependable rides. Their mission? To make transportation as reliable as running water, and they’ve done just that, in more than 540 cities worldwide. In Helsinki, MaaS Global’s Whim released a travel app that incorporates all means of transport — including walking, e-bikes, and ride-sharing to trams — to get people to where they want to go. Tap the screen on your smartphone, and the app shows you the best options, or combination of options, and handles planning, routing and booking. Technology and ride-sharing services are disrupting the long-standing business model of personal car ownership like never before. Some estimates suggest that when the disruption reaches its peak, and we hit the new normal, the world might need one-sixth the number of cars currently in circulation. For this reason, every big auto manufacturer is hurriedly pivoting to some form of car-as-a-service. “When the disruption reaches its peak … the world might need one-sixth the number of cars currently in circulation.” This change doesn’t mean consumers will make fewer trips. It just means that in a truly digitized world, the user experience with cars will change dramatically for an average consumer. What makes this new approach to transport as a service possible? According to The Economist, it is the rise of the sharing economy, the idea of “usership” instead of ownership. And smartphones. We all know we live in a mobile-first world, and this world is transformational, but do we really understand how mobile is changing the consumer journey? How it’s changing purchase decision-making? Do we all know how to win in mobile and use the signals as a learning machine? And how to execute on those signals? Are we taking advantage of everything mobile has to offer in creating magical experiences for our brand? Winning brands do understand this massive shift in their consumers’ journey and internalize it when designing their products and communication. Just as we continue to use “cars” for transport, your product might remain the same, but how you talk about your product and how you sell to this mobile-first generation will need to change dramatically. When you solve for this shift, you don’t just win awards, you truly start winning market share. This article celebrates a few companies who dared to reimagine their business for the digital world. And they did this by reimagining their user experience, a term often associated with the online world to suggest how easy or difficult it is to navigate a website or an app. Bringing the Consumer Experience to the Shopper   Sponsored Content: Over the decades, consumer packaged goods (CPG) companies mastered the art of telling stories through TV commercials and the barometer of great advertising was its ability to move brand metrics. However, the way millennials engage with content has changed fundamentally and the fact is they hate “interruption.” To win with this audience on consideration, brands need to grab their attention and go beyond reach. Let’s look at the beauty industry. In an offline world, selling lipstick meant glossy TV ads, glamorous Hollywood stars, and a beauty advisor at the retail outlet who gave recommendations to customers about the right shade of red. Cut to the digital world. Millennials seldom watch TV ads. They adore YouTube stars more than Hollywood celebrities. And they love shopping online but aren’t as into visiting malls. Clinique, the iconic beauty brand, gets this. When they launched their new line of products targeting millennials, the company decided to shake up makeup by making digital the “new beauty counter.” The campaign, Play With Pop, features Zara Larsson, a popular YouTube star from Sweden, who has more than 1 billion views and 3 million subscribers. Clinique chose Larsson’s popular “Lush Life” video to communicate the core insight that a woman’s lipstick choices reflect her mood on a given day. The execution mirrors the new consumer journey that Clinique decoded to bring alive the insight exclusively online. Each color in the interactive video goes with a separate remix of the song in question, and each mix had a different video and look. Check out the experience designed for mobile (You can click through to purchase the makeup for each look.) The campaign saw best-in-class results for the Play With Pop campaign. As a result of the exposure, searches for Clinique had gone up four times. A 10% lift was seen in consideration to buy beauty products among the core users in the age group 18 to 34. And Larsson, herself, has amassed nearly 500 million video views for her song “Lush Life,” keeping the campaign and Clinique super-relevant. Be Useful in the Consumer’s Life When it comes to sports apparel, Nike has inspired generations by communicating its philosophy that “If you have a body, you are an athlete.” The message had a higher order of appeal than just to hardcore athletes, which is working brilliantly for the company. For Under Armour, an underdog brand, getting into the sports apparel consumer’s consideration is a tough challenge. It used to be that consumers bought sports apparel twice a year. But in an era when consumers interact with their mobile phones 200 times per day, connecting with the consumer on two occasions annually is suicidal. Sports brands need reasons to engage daily. In the old world, most sports brands would have bought sponsorships at stadiums, hoping users would see the halo effect on their TV sets and the sales were worth those millions of dollars. Under Armour decided on a different direction. They chose to own the user experience around fitness 100%. Early in 2016, Under Armour acquired MyFitnessPal.com, a free calorie-counting and weight-management app and website, for $560 million. This investment means that Under Armour is now interacting with its consumers and providing utility three to four times a day. MyFitnessPal has more than 80 million registered users. That’s 80 million new registered users for Under Armour overnight. Together, MyFitnessPal and Under Armour’s existing apps serve 120 million users. In October 2016, Under Armour combined MyFitnessPal with a new partnership: Mindbody, a cloud platform for wellness businesses. Now, users can book exercise classes through their app. Members get to the app from within the MyFitnessPal app by selecting “More” at the bottom of their home screen, then “Find a Class,” which will take them to a list of nearby fitness activities. “Put on a CEO lens and look at the mobile opportunity to transform your business and reshape the user journey for your product.” In pursuing his vision that the company’s Connected Fitness unit will “fundamentally affect global health,” founder and CEO Kevin Plank has adopted what Inc. refers to as the “world-changing ambitions more common to a Google or Facebook.” It’s this tech-first, user-journey-led thinking that is making the company a game changer in the tough sports apparel market. Make It Easy to Experience the Brand In another industry, Starbucks saw that when people were waiting in line to order, they were on their phones. And when they were waiting for their orders? Again, on their phones. They also saw that once the line reached a certain length, people would go somewhere else to get their coffee. So the company decided to create an app to streamline the coffee buying experience. Today, 20% of all Starbuck’s transactions are mobile. Starbucks introduced Mobile Order & Pay, building a new consumer experience around mobile that benefits both the company and its customers. Pre-order/pay avoids peak-time lines so the company doesn’t lose any customers. Staff productivity is optimized. Maps show users how to get to a location, which is especially helpful when they’re travelling or aren’t near their regular Starbucks. And because people can pre-load their rewards cards with a minimum of $25, Starbucks receives more money upfront, before the coffee is brewed. It’s interesting to note that Starbucks thought more like a tech company than a retailer in solving for the user experience. Their CEO, Kevin Johnson, didn’t come from the coffee industry or retail; he came from software, which certainly must have played a role in the way the company looks at its business. Beyond being a magical user experience, the app is a learning machine that is enriched with every user transaction, making it a significant competitive advantage for Starbucks over time. “In a world where there are four connected mobile devices for every TV set, brands and businesses that embrace this new user journey are transforming the way they sell and the way they talk.” Marketers who take a consumer-first approach (focusing on customers’ needs and behaviors to make their lives better) versus a medium-first approach (focusing on creating a campaign based on the platform such as YouTube or Facebook) will be able to engage with their consumers much better. So, where do you begin? Put on a CEO lens and look at the mobile opportunity to transform your business and reshape the user journey for your product. Understand the micro-moments (those tiny moments in our lives when a particular topic, need, or interest surfaces) and define the new user journey for your category. Connect with the consumer during the moments when they’re most receptive. Engage users with impactful messaging that either entertains, educates, serves as a supreme utility app or involves them in co-creating the messaging. Stop measuring redundant digital metrics such as click-through rates, completion rates, bounce rates, and page visits. Instead, focus on measuring outcomes — sales, purchase intent — leveraging all the data available to help you, and use analytics platforms to make faster and better decisions. Summary User experience is often associated with the online world to suggest how easy or difficult it is to navigate a website or an app. The faster, smarter and more intuitive apps score higher with the user. Today, users “live” online — changing the user journeys for your entire business, not just digital, dramatically. In a world where there are four connected mobile devices for every TV set, brands and businesses that embrace this new user journey are transforming the way they sell and the way they talk. This article is about celebrating thought leaders and their winning ways in reimagining the user experience for running and transforming their businesses — and leave them with a simple go-to framework that the authors advocate to global leaders on where to begin. Supports K@W's Marketing Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Why the Best ‘Customer Journeys’ Place Mobile at the Center." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 14 April, 2017. Web. 15 April, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/best-customer-journeys-place-mobile-center/> APA Why the Best ‘Customer Journeys’ Place Mobile at the Center. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, April 14). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/best-customer-journeys-place-mobile-center/ Chicago "Why the Best ‘Customer Journeys’ Place Mobile at the Center" Knowledge@Wharton, April 14, 2017, accessed April 15, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/best-customer-journeys-place-mobile-center/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Marketing Can United Recover from Its Customer Service Debacle? United’s forcible eviction of a passenger brings into focus the deeper, underlying problems that airlines face. Innovation How Delaware’s Blockchain Trial Could Change Wall Street Delaware is testing the application of blockchain technology that could to transform Wall Street’s "plumbing," experts say. Sponsored Content The CFO Imperative: Next-Gen Technology Drives Cost Optimization Cost-optimization strategies must include IT and business initiatives to make sure investments are maximized for long-term growth and profits. In this effort, next-generation technology becomes a critical partner.   Join The Discussion No Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
/ Database Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Sign In / Join {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: Splice Machine Architecture Overview DZone's Guide to Splice Machine Architecture Overview Splice Machine is a SQL database that specializes in distributed infrastructures. See how it works with Spark and the Hadoop Ecosystem. by Gary Hillerson · Apr. 14, 17 · Database Zone Free Resource Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Whether you work in SQL Server Management Studio or Visual Studio, Redgate tools integrate with your existing infrastructure, enabling you to align DevOps for your applications with DevOps for your SQL Server databases. Discover true Database DevOps, brought to you in partnership with Redgate. This topic presents an overview of the Splice Machine architecture and includes a brief overview of the Hadoop ecosystem. How Splice Machine Works Splice Machine provides a standard SQL database on a distributed computing infrastructure that can be scaled out horizontally. This makes it possible to build both operational (OLTP) and analytical (OLAP) applications that can easily scale to handle data growth. The Splice Machine architecture features dual engines, one for running OLAP queries on Spark, and another for running OLTP queries on HBase/Hadoop; this means that OLAP and OLTP workloads are isolated and can run in parallel with minimal impact upon each other. Splice Machine combines its own customized components with three proven technology building blocks: Technology Highlights Apache Derby ANSI SQL-99 RDBMS Java-based ODBC/JDBC compliant Apache HBase/Apache Hadoop Proven scale-out: Auto-sharding Scales with commodity hardware Cost-effective from Gigabytes to Petabytes High availability through failover and replication LSM-trees Apache Spark Unmatched performance: Fastest sort of 1 PB of data Advanced in-memory technology: Spill-to-disk for large datasets Resilient against node failures Pipelining for computation parallelism Extensive Libraries: Machine learning Streaming Graph processing Over 150 libraries and growing Highly active developer community: About 500 committers as of late 2015 Here’s a diagram of the Splice Machine technology stack: Advanced Spark Integration As you can see, Splice Machine integrates Spark and HBase engines by using a universal execution plan and universal byte code, which makes it possible to share the optimizer, plan, and code for execution on both Spark and HBase. Splice Machine’s advanced Spark integration also features an innovative mechanism for creating high-performance Spark RDDs that: Provide fast access to HFiles in HDFS Are merged with deltas from Memstore Avoid the slower HBase API Splice Machine Cluster Deployment The following diagram shows how Splice Machine is typically deployed across a set of HBase Region Servers in a cluster, which requires these three steps: Perform a standard installation of an HBase cluster (HBase, HDFS, and ZooKeeper) with Spark. Distribute the Splice Machine JAR to each region server in your cluster. Automatically invoke coprocessors on each region. The following diagram illustrates Splice Machine running on a cluster with multiple HBase region servers; each of the orange boxes in the diagram indicates an HBase coprocessor: About the Hadoop Ecosystem Hadoop is an open-source distributed platform for storing and processing large data sets. It helps control big data processing costs by distributing computing across commodity servers instead of using expensive, specialized servers. Commodity hardware refers to machines that are inexpensive, already available or easily obtainable, and interchangeable with similar hardware. Commodity computing is seen as a more scalable solution because purchasing additional high-cost, high-performance servers to keep up with the growth of big data quickly becomes prohibitively expensive. Hadoop was inspired by big data operations created at Google, and developed at Yahoo, which turned it over to the Apache™ Software Foundation. Apache continues to maintain it as an open-source project with a global community of users and contributors. The Apache Hadoop framework includes the following modules: Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS), a Java-based distributed file system designed to store data on commodity servers. HDFS stores files by dividing them into smaller blocks and replicating them on three or more servers. It is highly fault-tolerant and provides high throughput access to application data. HDFS is well suited for the storage of large files. HDFS is designed more for batch processing rather than interactive use by users. The emphasis is on high throughput of data access rather than low latency of data access. MapReduce, a batch programming model that uses parallel processing — basically, using more than one CPU to execute a task simultaneously — to make processing big data faster, cheaper, and more manageable. Hadoop YARN, a resource-management and scheduling platform. YARN removes the resource management and scheduling responsibilities from MapReduce, optimizing cluster utilization and allowing MapReduce to focus on data processing. Hadoop Common, which consists of the libraries and utilities required by other Hadoop modules. Beyond these core components, Hadoop includes an entire ecosystem of technologies based on HDFS, including: Apache HBase, a key-value data store inspired by Google’s Big Table. Apache Hive, a SQL-based, analytic query engine. Apache Pig, a procedural language. Apache Spark, a fast, in-memory engine for large-scale data processing. Commercial technologies such as Splice Machine, which is a Hadoop RDBMS with joins and transactions. A typical Hadoop environment comprises a master node and several worker nodes. Most Hadoop deployments consist of several master node instances to mitigate the risk of a single point of failure. A Hadoop environment can include hundreds or even thousands of worker nodes. Hadoop’s ability to store, process, and analyze large data sets in a cost-effective manner has made it the de facto architecture for today’s big data environments. Hadoop differs from a traditional relational database, in that strictly speaking, it is a storage and batch data processing system. Hadoop itself is built for data processing with the Map-Reduce paradigm, not for use with a structured query language like SQL. There are commercial distributions of Hadoop, including Cloudera, Hortonworks, and MapR, that add functionality and improve reliability. There are also Hadoop-based tools that blur the once sharp line between Hadoop and traditional relational databases, such as Splice Machine, which provides Hadoop with the capabilities of a RDBMS to run business-critical operational applications and adds Spark processing power for analytic queries. About HBase Apache HBase is an open-source distributed database modeled after Google’s BigTable and is one of the key building blocks of Splice Machine. It delivers scalability up to dozens of petabytes and supports automatic sharding, data replication, and real-time updates. HBase provides very fast reads and writes, but it does not provide a SQL interface or key RDBMS functionality, such as joins, secondary indexes, or ACID transactions. HBase is a type of NoSQL database, which means that it is not a relational database; instead, it is designed to be a scalable, distributed database (or data store, if you prefer) that supports structured data storage for large tables. HBase provides very fast reads and writes, but it does not provide a SQL interface or key RDBMS functionality such as joins, secondary indexes, or ACID transactions. HBase also provides strong consistency, automatic sharding, and automatic failover for RegionServers, which are based on commodity machines to allow for easy and inexpensive cluster expansion. About Derby Apache Derby is a Java-based, full-featured ANSI SQL database. Splice Machine replaces Derby’s storage layer with HBase, retains the Derby parser, and uses its own, redesigned planner, optimizer, and executor components to leverage the HBase computation engine. HBase co-processors are used to embed Splice Machine in each distributed HBase region, allowing us to achieve massive parallelization by pushing the computation down to each distributed data shard. This auto-sharding and failover technology enables real-time, incremental writes on top of the immutable Hadoop file system. Derby has a small footprint, is based on standards such as Java, JDBC, and SQL, and provides an embedded JDBC driver. Apache Spark Apache Spark is an open source cluster computing framework for large-scale data processing. In contrast to Hadoop’s two-stage disk-based MapReduce paradigm, Spark’s multi-stage in-memory primitives provide very large performance boosts for certain applications: you can load data into a cluster’s memory and then query it very efficiently and repeatedly. Splice Machine automates this for you. Spark requires a cluster manager and a distributed storage system. Spark can interface with a wide variety of systems, including the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS). Spark also supports a pseudo-distributed local mode, usually used only for development or testing purposes, where distributed storage is not required and the local file system can be used instead; in such a scenario, including the standalone version of Splice Machine, Spark is run on a single machine with one executor per CPU core. How Query Execution Works in Splice Machine Splice Machine added Spark processing of certain queries in version 2.0. Every query is considered analytic or operational in nature: Analytic queries require high throughput, so Splice Machine runs them using the Spark engine. Operation queries require low latency, so Splice Machine runs them directly, using HBase queries. The first four steps are the same for executing a query using HBase or Spark: Parse the SQL. Optimize the query. Generate optimal byte code for the query. Send the query to the OLTP execution engine on HBase, or send it to the Spark engine. OLTP Execution on HBase Running a Splice Machine query on HBase uses these steps: Execute the OLTP query from byte code. Use block cache and bloom filters to optimize data access. Return the results. OLAP Execution on Spark Running a Splice Machine query on Spark uses these steps: Generate the Spark execution plan. Submit the Spark plan with byte code. Use fair scheduling of distributed tasks. Generate a RDD from HFiles and Memstore. Execute the query and return results. Spark Resource Management Splice Machine allows you to configure Spark resource management by prioritizing query, admin, and import jobs. You can also define your own custom resource pools in XML and assign priorities to them. For example, you might assign these weights (higher numbers indicate higher priority) to different resource pools: Resource Pool Scheduling Mode Assigned Priority Weight import FAIR 10 query FAIR 20 admin FAIR 1 urgent FAIR 1000 Managing Spark Queries With the Splice Machine Management Console The Splice Machine Management Console includes an interface that you can use to watch Spark queries execute in real time. This interface includes visualization of each query stage, with detailed metrics for the tasks in each stage, which makes it very useful for determining where each query is spending its time. You’ll find its documentation in the Splice Machine Management Console Guide book on the documentation site. It’s easier than you think to extend DevOps practices to SQL Server with Redgate tools. Discover how to introduce true Database DevOps, brought to you in partnership with Redgate.  Like This Article? Read More From DZone Splice Machine: Using the Command Prompt [Video] Data About Execution Plans Connecting Cognos With Splice Machine [Video] Free DZone Refcard Getting Started with Infinispan DOWNLOAD Topics: database ,splice machine ,query execution ,sql ,tutorial Like (0) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Gary Hillerson, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Database Partner Resources Strategies for modernizing DBMS infrastructure and reducing costs: View IT Market Clock Report MariaDB MongoDB vs. Couchbase: Benchmark clocks Couchbase at 6x on read/write Couchbase Learn how to achieve Continuous Delivery for Databases in this 110 page E-book Redgate New to NoSQL? Learn the key factors driving NoSQL adoption and top 10 use cases Couchbase NoSQL Performance with Full Read/Write Access to SQL FairCom Five NoSQL Myths Dispelled by c-treeACE FairCom Shift LEFT: Explore how – and why – application and database development can make the most of DevOps Redgate Your Internet of Things Deserves a Better Data Platform Splice Machine MongoDB Atlas is the best way to run MongoDB on AWS — highly secure by default, highly available, and fully elastic. Get started free. MongoDB Replacing proprietary database with open source? Read the Cost Analysis Guide for a Total Cost of Ownership Comparison MariaDB Feeling locked in by Oracle? Get the Roadmap for Migrating from Oracle to a Scale-out Architecture Splice Machine MongoDB Atlas is a database as a service that makes it easy to deploy, manage, and scale MongoDB. So you can focus on innovation, not operations. Get started free. MongoDB THE DZONE NEWSLETTER Dev Resources & Solutions Straight to Your Inbox Submit Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. X {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
News Sports Business Food 72° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 72° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Newspaper ads by Spectrum, the former Time Warner Cable, are taking aim at Google Fiber. Londberg, Max Business April 14, 2017 11:14 AM Digital Life: In KC cable wars, Spectrum (formerly Time Warner) fires at Google Fiber By Scott Canon scanon@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Time Warner Cable is dead. Long live Time Warner, er, Spectrum. Where not long ago Google Fiber was the new cool kid in Kansas City, bringing to town a high-tech cachet and the promise of broadband to burn, now it’s the focus of ridicule in a Spectrum ad campaign. “Abandoned by Google,” screams the headline in full-page newspaper ads running this month. “Kansas City residents have Fiber accounts canceled.” We’ve got a cable war in Kansas City. The stakes only figure to go up. The old Time Warner Cable was long loathed by customers as a semi-monopoly that charged too much, broke down too often and delivered internet that was too damn slow. Now, swallowed by fellow cable giant Charter, it offers a friendly face under the new Spectrum brand and paints Google as the big guy who just doesn’t care. To some extent, Google Fiber had it coming. It took small deposits from customers who waited for years — often passing up discounts from the competition in the meantime — and then told them this spring that it wouldn’t hook them up to its speedy fiber-optic lines any time soon. Those customers (“too bad they couldn’t keep up with their end of the bargain,” one said this week on a Google forum) got a raw deal. But Spectrum only sped up its service after Google Fiber came to town. Ditto AT&T, Comcast and Consolidated Communications. They all insist it was customer demand, not Google, that prodded them. Whatever. Much has happened in the nearly five years since Google Fiber started selling service here. It’s all about the bundle. These telecoms and cable companies want to be your sole connection to digital content. They know that the company’s skim from selling packages of phone, internet and video is bigger than selling you just one of those things. AT&T bundles in cell service — particularly valuable because the company understands you’re less likely to switch to somebody else when everything’s conveniently combined and discounted in a single utility bill. Customer turnover is the bane of wireless carriers. Just ask Sprint. Comcast is getting into the cellphone business. Google’s Project Fi (although not bundled with Google Fiber) will sell it to you. Analysts assume that within a few years, any company peddling a cable subscription will offer cell service. Meanwhile, President Donald Trump signed legislation this month that killed privacy rules demanding your consent to collect and sell web browsing history and everything else that moves over your internet connection. That gives your cable company even greater data-mining power than outfits like Facebook and Google, companies that have made billions tracking us. The chance to wire your home or apartment has never looked more lucrative. The war is on. Your info-utility bill is the prize. Scott Canon: 816-234-4754, @ScottCanon LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 hours ago Live Jazz has landed at KCI 2:55 6 hours ago Live Jazz has landed at KCI 2:16 15 hours ago More evidence of water vapor plumes on Jupiter's icy moon Europa 1:03 2 days ago Shaking laundry instead of heating, drying your clothes in half the time View More Video Business Arkansas' multiple execution plan appearing to unravel Latest: Arkansas judge blocks state from using lethal drug North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade The iPhone of cars? Apple enters self-driving car race The Latest: Japan says it must remain on alert over N. Korea Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Google's John Mueller Responds to Question About Domain Age | DomainInvesting.com Home Topics Row 1 .CO 5 With… Advice Afternic Brand Marketing Buying Domain Names ccTLD Conferences & Tradeshows Cybersquatting DNJournal Domain Auctions Domain Holdings Domain Industry News Domain Parking Row 2 Domain Registrars Domain Sales DomainFest DomainTools Enom Frank Schilling General Domain Information Generic Domain Names Geographic Domain Names GoDaddy Google ICA ICANN IDN Domain Names Row 3 Internet Companies Legal News Marketing News Moniker Name.com Namecheap NameJet NameMedia NamesCon New gTLD Non-Domain Related Oversee.net Recent Acquisitions Rick Schwartz Rightside Row 4 Search Engines Sedo SEO Snapnames Social Media Thought Convergence Top Notch Domains TRAFFIC Uncategorized Uniregistry Updates Web Development Weekly Brokerage Listings Yahoo About DomainInvesting.com Projects & Sales Resources Advertise Contact Terms of Use Search Home Topics Row 1 .CO 5 With… Advice Afternic Brand Marketing Buying Domain Names ccTLD Conferences & Tradeshows Cybersquatting DNJournal Domain Auctions Domain Holdings Domain Industry News Domain Parking Row 2 Domain Registrars Domain Sales DomainFest DomainTools Enom Frank Schilling General Domain Information Generic Domain Names Geographic Domain Names GoDaddy Google ICA ICANN IDN Domain Names Row 3 Internet Companies Legal News Marketing News Moniker Name.com Namecheap NameJet NameMedia NamesCon New gTLD Non-Domain Related Oversee.net Recent Acquisitions Rick Schwartz Rightside Row 4 Search Engines Sedo SEO Snapnames Social Media Thought Convergence Top Notch Domains TRAFFIC Uncategorized Uniregistry Updates Web Development Weekly Brokerage Listings Yahoo About DomainInvesting.com Projects & Sales Resources Advertise Contact Terms of Use Search Google’s John Mueller Responds to Question About Domain Age 3 Comments By Elliot Silver ⋅ April 14, 2017 Before this morning, I was under the impression that Google uses the age of a domain name as one of the (many) ways it determines a website’s position in its search results. I thought that developing a domain name that has been registered for many years could be helpful in getting a higher search engine ranking. Apparently, I was mistaken in thinking this. In a tweet on Wednesday, John Mueller, Webmaster Trends Analyst at Google, answered a question that was posed to him about domain age by another Twitter user: @_newsbulletin @methode no — John ☆.o(≧▽≦)o.☆ (@JohnMu) April 12, 2017 Mueller provided a short answer, but one that is helpful to know. Although I don’t know Mr. Mueller, I understand he is one of the most respected authorities when it comes to Google search. I have heard his name mentioned many times, and he seems to have become the “goto” person now that Matt Cutts is no longer working at Google. It was Mueller who dispelled the rumors/claims/opinions about new gTLD domain names giving a ranking boost to websites that use them. I hope this tweet translates to lower auction prices at popular expiring domain name venues, but I am sure that won’t be the case!   3 Comments - Join Discussion Email This Article Topics: Google Tweet About The Author: Elliot Silver is an Internet entrepreneur and publisher of DomainInvesting.com. Elliot is also the founder and President of Top Notch Domains, LLC, a company that has sold seven figures worth of domain names in the last five years. Please read the DomainInvesting.com Terms of Use page for additional information about the publisher, website comment policy, disclosures, and conflicts of interest. Reach out to Elliot: Twitter | Google + | Facebook | Email Comments (3) Bill I wouldn’t believe everything that the google talking heads say. He said nothing about domain age and how long a site has been up, and other factors that come with an older domain. Reply April 14th, 2017 at 1:04 pm asset.domains good information, not only for auctions but also for people from forums that ask for ‘aged’ domains or for domains registered before a certain date, fhis making them ridiculous. Reply April 14th, 2017 at 4:44 pm Jay http://domainnamewire.com/2016/11/17/boeings-fight-newborn-domain-names/ Reply April 14th, 2017 at 10:38 pm Leave a Reply Name * Mail * Website Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Submit Comment Click here to cancel reply. Domain Investing Articles of Interest Matt Cutts Announces SEO.Ninja - Matt Cutts has been the head of Google’s Webspam team for quite some time, and he is currently on leave from the company. Cutts is... SEO.Ninja “Was an April Fool’s joke” - A week ago, Google’s Matt Cutts published an article on his blog about the creation of AutoSEO, and he announced that this new venture would... Report: Google Ignores Keywords in TLD - During the last few years (and maybe even longer than that) there has been considerable speculation about how Google looks at domain name extensions. This... Question for Matt Cutts: Why Is Google Adding My Name to Meta Titles? - I have a question for Google’s Matt Cutts, and I am going to post it here on the off chance he sees this article. Even... Who Googles What? - Sex, Nazi, burrito and Viagra: Who Googles what? Reuters had an article today identifying the top 3 countries of searchers for some common Google searches... Sponsors of DomainInvesting.com No & Low Reserve Domain Auctions Escrow Services Direct Domains Domain Capital Name.com Escrow.com DomainAgents Domain Investing Guide Learn all about investing in domain names in this comprehensive free domain investing guide. Recent Posts Recent Comments DIDWW Operating 3 Brands on New Domain Extensions When I saw the Facebook update from industry veteran Jay Westerdal, I went to check out the busi ... Read More Google's John Mueller Responds to Question About Domain Age Before this morning, I was under the impression that Google uses the age of a domain name as one of ... Read More ThePlayers.com: UDRP Filed Against NameFind Name The PGA Tour has filed a UDRP at the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) for ThePlayers ... Read More How Brands Should Market Their .Brand Domain Names Having popular brands use .brand domain names for business and marketing is something that is going ... Read More Analyze.com Acquired by Brent Oxley Analyze.com hit the market a couple of weeks ago when Ryan Colby of Outcome Brokerage sent a newslet ... Read More Legal Review Should be Done Before Agreeing to a Deal A negotiation can be exhilarating or frustrating depending on many factors. When a domain name deal ... Read More Jay says: http://domainnamewire.com/2016/11/17/boeings-fight-newborn-domain-names/ ... Read More asset.domains says: good information, not only for auctions but also for people from forums that ask for 'aged' domains or for domains registered before a certain date, fhis makin ... Read More Joseph Peterson says: Exactly what I was thinking. It's the usual absurdity: Company pays to advertise through PPC and agrees through TOS to place ads on parked domains. Then the ... Read More Elliot Silver says: My guess is they are upset with the PPC links. The irony is that the PPC links are helpful in steering people in the right direction if they mistakenly assum ... Read More Joseph Peterson says: Golf isn't the only game the players play: ThePlayersTribune.com (basketball) ThePlayersNYC.org (actors) ThePlayersTheatre.com (more actors) ThePlay ... Read More Hans says: bmw.com? ... Read More Additional Sponsors Advertise Here DomainTools - The Recognized Leader in Domain Research and Monitoring NameBright - Next Generation Domain Registration Sedo - Reach thousands of domain buyers Escrow.com - Secure domain name transactions Name.com - Use code, 'ELLIOT' for 10% off .LIVE registrations Domain Capital - Contact us for domain financing options Embrace.com - We embrace.com domain names Social DI Feedburner Google Plus Facebook Twitter Blog Posts DIDWW Operating 3 Brands on New Domain Extensions Google's John Mueller Responds to Question About Domain Age ThePlayers.com: UDRP Filed Against NameFind Name Advertise A limited amount of advertising space may be available, although all banner spots are currently sold out. Email us to be placed on the waiting list. Learn More Important Notice: Unless explicitly stated, Top Notch Domains, LLC does not endorse any advertiser on this website. Advertisements and links may take visitors to external websites. Top Notch Domains, LLC is not responsible or liable for products, services, or content found on any other website. See the DomainInvesting.com disclaimer for additional details and information as well as this website's Terms of Use. Copyright © 2007-2017 DomainInvesting.com | Top Notch Domains, LLC | Theme By McAlister | Developed By TiaWood.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Santaquin, UTAH Reason #46 Why Coordinating Your Regional Custom Blog-Content Creation and Reputation Management Needs to www.G3-Development.co Is Smart Santaquin, UT — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — Search engine optimization (SEO) is the process of affecting the visibility of a website or a web page in a search engine’s „natural” or un-paid („organic”) search results. In general, the earlier (or higher ranked on the search results page), and more frequently a site appears in the search results list, the more visitors it will receive from the search engine’s users. SEO may target different kinds of search, including image search, local search, video search, academic search, news search and industry-specific vertical search engines. As an Internet marketing strategy, SEO considers how search engines work, what people search for, the actual search terms or keywords typed into search engines and which search engines are preferred by their targeted audience. Optimizing a website may involve editing its content, HTML and associated coding to both increase its relevance to specific keywords and to remove barriers to the indexing activities of search engines. Promoting a site to increase the number of backlinks, or inbound links, is another SEO tactic. Webmasters and content providers began optimizing sites for search engines in the mid-1990s, as the first search engines were cataloging the early Web. Initially, all webmasters needed to do was to submit the address of a page, or URL, to the various engines which would send a „spider” to „crawl” that page, extract links to other pages from it, and return information found on the page to be indexed. The process involves a search engine spider downloading a page and storing it on the search engine’s own server, where a second program, known as an indexer, extracts various information about the page, such as the words it contains and where these are located, as well as any weight for specific words, and all links the page contains, which are then placed into a scheduler for crawling at a later date. Santaquin, UTAH Reason #46 Why Coordinating Your Regional Custom Blog-Content Creation and Reputation Management Needs to http://www.G3-Development.co/ is Smart By 2004, search engines had incorporated a wide range of undisclosed factors in their ranking algorithms to reduce the impact of link manipulation. In June 2007, The New York Times’ Saul Hansell stated Google ranks sites using more than 200 different signals. The leading search engines, Google, Bing, and Yahoo, do not disclose the algorithms they use to rank pages. Some SEO practitioners have studied different approaches to search engine optimization, and have shared their personal opinions.  Patents related to search engines can provide information to better understand search engines. In 2005, Google began personalizing search results for each user. Depending on their history of previous searches, Google crafted results for logged in users. In 2008, Bruce Clay said that „ranking is dead” because of personalized search. He opined that it would become meaningless to discuss how a website ranked, because its rank would potentially be different for each user and each search. In December 2009, Google announced it would be using the web search history of all its users in order to populate search results. Google Instant, real-time-search, was introduced in late 2010 in an attempt to make search results more timely and relevant. Historically site administrators have spent months or even years optimizing a website to increase search rankings. With the growth in popularity of social media sites and blogs the leading engines made changes to their algorithms to allow fresh content to rank quickly within the search results. In February 2011, Google announced the Panda update, which penalizes websites containing content duplicated from other websites and sources. Historically websites have copied content from one another and benefited in search engine rankings by engaging in this practice, however Google implemented a new system which punishes sites whose content is not unique.  In April 2012, Google launched the Google Penguin update the goal of which was to penalize websites that used manipulative techniques to improve their rankings on the search engine. About G3 Development G3 Development is set out to proactively serve the business community by providing solutions in entrepreneurialism, business development, social media and venture capitalism. To provide leadership in establishing strength with our client’s international businesses, being built on a foundation of innovation, advocacy, technology and business integrity. http://www.g3-development.co/ 877-229-9183 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Portable Battery Have Taken over the World’s Demand- Forecast to 2027 Next PostNext The Global Continuous Fiber Thermoplastics Market Is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 9.5% by 2022 Search Recent Posts Coco Veda Launches World’s First Free International Shipping Coconut Health & Wellness Products Online B2C Store Feng Mao Biotechnology Organic Food CO.,LTD. Issues Allergy Alert on Undeclared Peanuts in Almond Drinking Powder. 12 Workplace Perks Your Wallet Will Love VOA Urdu launches new television show in Pakistan NREL Brings Together Clean Energy Innovators at Industry Growth Forum Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle navigation Welcome to Future Hub Stream Work Posts Contact us Sign In / Register Welcome to Future Stream Turabian writing guide Turabian Paper Style Guide Date: 2017-04-14 15:41 More videos «Turabian writing guide» Turabian Citation Guide - University of Chicago Press Formatting a Turabian Paper in Word - The Baptist Turabian Style Of Writing Google. 7569. "Google’s Security Policy.” Google (About Us). Accessed April 65. https:///intl/en/about/company/. Turabian Citation Guide - University of Chicago Press This page is brought to you by the OWL at Purdue (https:///). When printing this page, you must include the entire legal notice at bottom. Formatting a Turabian Paper in Word - The Baptist Hlatky, Mark A., Derek Boothroyd, Eric Vittinghoff, Penny Sharp, and Mary A. Whooley. "Quality-of-Life and Depressive Symptoms in Postmenopausal Women after Receiving Hormone Therapy: Results from the Heart and Estrogen/Progestin Replacement Study (HERS) Trial." Journal of the American Medical Association 787, no. 5 (February 6, 7557), http://-/issues/v787n5/rfull/#aainfo (accessed January 7, 7559). Turabian Style Of Writing List of Tables: Ordered list of tables included in a text (typically a book, dissertation, or thesis). The List of Tables is usually located in the front matter of the document. You may want to include them in a List of Illustrations if desired. The List of Illustrations is used only when a large number of illustrations are included. The CMS notes that “ In a book with very few illustrations or tables, or one with very many, all tied to the text, it is not essential to list them in the front matter. ” (For more info see CMS Section .) Always check the requirements and preferences of your professor, department, and institution. They may have particular preferences for how a paper should be formatted. [Author names, see note below]. Year of Publication. Title of Book: Subtitle. Place of Publication: Name of Publisher. When you cannot find the example reference or citation model you need in your style guide, the appropriate thing to do is to choose the example that is the most like the source you are using and follow that format. You may need to combine elements of more than one reference format. Image Author/Creator Last Name, First Name. Date of image creation. Title of Image or “Title of image.” In Author First and Last Name, Title of Book: Subtitle of Book, page number, figure/plate/table number. Place of Publication: Name of Publisher, Year of Publication. Accessed Month Day, Year. URL. Blog entries or comments may be cited in running text ("In a comment posted to The Becker-Posner Blog on February 66, 7567,... ), and they are commonly omitted from a reference list. The following examples show the more formal versions of the citations. «Turabian writing guide» in pictures. More images «Turabian writing guide». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml © 2017 Welcome to Future. All rights reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Joel Lee Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Joe Keeley Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google Photos Can Stabilize Your Shaky Videos Android Tech News Google Photos Can Stabilize Your Shaky Videos Gavin Phillips April 14, 2017 14-04-2017 1 minute Google Photos Can Stabilize Your Shaky Videos Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Google Photos has a massive database of everywhere I’ve been for the past four years. I must admit I didn’t even realize everything I do is backed-up to the giant Google cloud, at least for a while. Then suddenly, one day, an automatic GIF popped up. I was delighted, and confused, but mainly delighted. Google Photos is now my photograph cloud storage backup of choice Get Free Unlimited Photo Storage & More with Google Photos Get Free Unlimited Photo Storage & More with Google Photos If you aren't using these hidden Google Photos features, you're really missing out. (Hint: There's free and unlimited photo storage!) Read More . The best part is that Google keep making it better. Not content with merely offering custom GIFs, collages, and memories 12 Amazing Google Photos Features You Didn't Know About 12 Amazing Google Photos Features You Didn't Know About Google Photos is a well-known service, but it holds many little tricks. Here are 12 great features of Photos you might have missed. Read More , the Google Photos mobile app can automatically stabilize your shaky videos with a single tap. Miracle Worker? Most major smartphones now offer some form of image stabilization. This is usually a hardware feature that attempts to keep your jerky footage smooth. Others, like the Google Pixel, attempt to keep it smooth using software. There are mixed results, depending on the phone, quality of video, and of course, how twitchy the original video is. The addition of video stabilization to Google Photos is going to follow in that mixed results trend. Working alongside existing stabilization hardware and software means your recordings potentially receive a massive improvement. Even if the phone has neither, even a small amount of post-processing stabilization will help to clean up the video. The stabilized video will be slightly cropped, as you might expect. Here is a side-by-side demo of someone using the stabilization tool. Less Shaky Than Before Google Photo’s video stabilization won’t turn a rough video of you riding a bike down the stairs and make it look as smooth as ice-cream. That just will not and cannot happen using this technology. But if your goal is to simply smooth over some rough edges on some basic film, especially for video being created for personal use, there is potential. Is this going to make a difference to your shaky videos? Or is there simply no hope? Do you use a third-party app to smooth your videos already? What are your tips for reducing jerky video footage? Let us know your thoughts below! Image Credit: dennizn via Shutterstock.com Previous PostNES Classic Edition Is Already DyingNext Post10 Things You Didn’t Know Google Assistant Could Do 1 comment Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * John April 15, 2017 at 5:54 am Wow, great feature! Does this happen autoaticaly? Reply Gavin Phillips 195 articles Gavin is the Technology Explained Editor, as well as a Security and Windows regular. He has a Contemporary Writing degree pillaged from the hills of South Devon, but now resides in the deepest depths of Cornwall, calling Penzance his home. In a 10-year writing career he has covered real estate,… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Please create an account to participate in the Slashdot moderation system   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's Facebook page has a chat bot now. Message it for stories and more. Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 internet speed test! × 90456897 story Google Photos Can Now Stabilize All Your Shaky Phone Camera Videos (theverge.com) 53 Posted by BeauHD on Friday April 14, 2017 @09:00AM from the smooth-as-honey dept. In early August, Google announced a feature for the Google Photos mobile app that would automatically stabilize videos in your camera roll. That feature is now rolling out via Photos v2.13 on Android. The Verge reports: A lot of flagship smartphones offer optical image stabilization when shooting video, a hardware feature that helps keep footage smooth. Others, like Google's Pixel, use software to try and stabilize jerky movements. Putting stabilization inside the Google Photos app could enhance results further if you're already working with hardware OIS, or improve recordings significantly if your phone lacks any means of steadying things out of the box. The stabilized video is cropped in a bit, as you might expect, and the original clip remains in your Photos library; there's no overwriting. Here's a side-by-side demo someone else made of the app's latest trick. android google os ← You may like to read: → New Solar-Powered Device Can Pull Water Straight From the Desert Air Silicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win Twitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules Ask Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? Twitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts Former Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation Apple May Invest Billions of Dollars In Toshiba's Memory Chip Business Google Photos Can Now Stabilize All Your Shaky Phone Camera Videos More | Reply Login Google Photos Can Now Stabilize All Your Shaky Phone Camera Videos Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 53 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. So tired (Score:3, Interesting) by ve3oat ( 884827 ) writes: on Friday April 14, 2017 @09:14AM (#54233947) God, I am so tired of TV news programs that show jiggly, bouncy, shaky video clips from some "witness's" cell phone. These clips rarely contain any useful or even relevant information and whatever might have been learned from them is totally obscured by all the camera motion. And the TV producers think it is news! More often than not, I have been quite happy to wait until next morning to read all about the event, whatever it was, in the newspaper. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: God, I am so tired of jiggly, bouncy, I'm not!!!! 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:1) by Anonymous Coward writes: It makes it look "edgy". Like some of those cable news reporters who have those jerky footage in war zones even they actually videoed that segment in some compound protected by a Marine division miles and miles away from the front lines and and shooting. People are suckers for that shit. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by bill_mcgonigle ( 4333 ) * writes: I am so tired of TV news programs that show jiggly, bouncy, shaky video clips OK, reason #759 to not watch television 'news'. What is your excuse on the first 758? Obviously you have an Internet - make a news tab set and set up a smart list on your podcatcher.. Stop wasting your time/life on their ancient propaganda mechanism where they decide what you will know. Throwback news consumption (Score:2) by sjbe ( 173966 ) writes: God, I am so tired of TV news programs that show jiggly, bouncy, shaky video clips from some "witness's" cell phone. You watch the news on TV? How quaint! I haven't seen a TV news broadcast in years since they're typically well behind the actual news cycle. And the TV producers think it is news! More often than not, I have been quite happy to wait until next morning to read all about the event, whatever it was, in the newspaper. Oh and you read a paper too! The next day even. You're quite the anachronism. The rest of us just found out about it on the internet a few minutes after it happened. Re: (Score:2) by ve3oat ( 884827 ) writes: The rest of us just found out about it on the internet a few minutes after it happened. What you get a few minutes after the event is less that 5% of the story and is based mostly on rumours and speculation. What I get the next day in my newspaper is almost 90% of the story and the journalists (if they are any good, depends on the newspaper) have already eliminated most of the speculation and rumours. Anachronistic a newspaper might be, but depending on the paper it can certainly deliver a more accurate, Re: (Score:3) by pjbgravely ( 751384 ) writes: What I can't stand is when news programs play vertical videos instead of telling the submitter that they were holding their camera wrong. If Google could find a way to stop people from making vertical videos the world would be a better place. If the subject won't fit in horizontal video (Score:2) by tepples ( 727027 ) writes: Say someone is recording video of a subject that will not fully fit into the frame if the device is held horizontally. The camera's zoom feature is already at its widest. The person holding the camera cannot step back. Does it benefit the public more for an event to be recorded as vertical video or for it not to be recorded at all? Re: (Score:2) by pjbgravely ( 751384 ) writes: In a very few cases that is true. It creates a video that is only watchable ( in my opinion) on a mobile device. In the few cases that I watched (before I decided vertical video wasn't worth my time) a proper landscape video would have shown more of the action. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 4 replies beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by Junta ( 36770 ) writes: Sorry, it would have to crop out 95% of the picture to have something stable to show. Good start (Score:4, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Friday April 14, 2017 @09:37AM (#54234057) Let me know when it can convert the video to landscape mode and then punch the person who recorded it. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by bill_mcgonigle ( 4333 ) * writes: Let me know when it can convert the video to landscape mode and then punch the person who recorded it. You can watch a vertical video on a landscape screen if you have to, but complaining about it instead of watching it on a vertical screen is just a sign of neuroticism. Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: If you're lucky that the vertically video wasn't letterboxed already, so that watching it on a vertical screen results in letterboxing on all 4 sides. I saw that the other day. Good thing I'm not neurotic. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Stabilize (Score:4, Funny) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Friday April 14, 2017 @09:40AM (#54234067) I'll be impressed when it stabilizes the middle east, and my meth lab Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate ffmpeg vid.stab repackaged (Score:3) by at10u8 ( 179705 ) writes: on Friday April 14, 2017 @09:55AM (#54234149) ffmpeg has had the vid.stab filter for several years. The only news here seems to be another cloud service. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by swillden ( 191260 ) writes: ffmpeg has had the vid.stab filter for several years. The only news here seems to be another cloud service. YouTube's stabilization is better than vid.stab, and the new Google Photos stabilization is better than YouTube's, so I'd say there's something new here. You Tube has done this for years (Score:3) by turp182 ( 1020263 ) writes: on Friday April 14, 2017 @09:55AM (#54234151) Journal I've used the stabilization feature a few times in the past 3-4 years. It works very well in my opinion. Surprised it took them so long to apply it to other services. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by The Raven ( 30575 ) writes: They specifically mention the YouTube feature in other articles [androidpolice.com], along with comparison videos. The feature added to Photos is far superior to the implementation in YouTube. Re: (Score:2) by The Raven ( 30575 ) writes: This might be helpful [youtubedoubler.com]. On the left is YouTube stabilization. The right is Photos stabilization. They are not the same. It is using parallax (Score:5, Informative) by 140Mandak262Jamuna ( 970587 ) writes: on Friday April 14, 2017 @09:56AM (#54234155) Journal Looks like it is using parallax to determine the depth and the pixels at "infinity". Surprised it took this long to develop parallax based image stabilization. One possible bug: If a moving object approaches the camera at the same bearing, parts of it would be marked as "inifinity" and create weird effects. Parallax based depth determination is one of the reasons for birds striking aircraft. Aircraft might escape with minor damage or a major disaster, but the bird almost always dies! It is in its interest to avoid hitting the plane. But birds have eyes on the side, not overlapping stereoscopic field of vision. The determine depth by parallax, they are constantly moving, and unchanging parts of the image on the retina are at infinity and changing parts are closer. That is why birds sitting on branches constantly cock their heads back and forth to get depth perception. When a bird approaches a plane such that the plane is at constant bearing, it things the plane is far way at inifinity. Would very much like to test this "app" by approaching the camera at a constant bearing to see what it does. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate 4 replies beneath your current threshold. Demo (Score:3) by 110010001000 ( 697113 ) writes: on Friday April 14, 2017 @10:03AM (#54234199) Homepage Journal The demo is interesting, but the results look bad to me. Cropped for sure, but also looks blurry and lots of parallax. I'd rather watch the original, but it is interesting. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:3) by dj245 ( 732906 ) writes: The demo is interesting, but the results look bad to me. Cropped for sure, but also looks blurry and lots of parallax. I'd rather watch the original, but it is interesting. Youtube has had image stabilization for some time, and I always prefer the original video. The added blurriness is too much to justify it. You could argue that removing the shakes alters the artistic character of the film as well (for better or worse). In the article's example (following a skier), removing the shakes makes the video feel like it was shot from a drone. The original video is more realistic representation of a first-person view. Re: (Score:2) by wonkey_monkey ( 2592601 ) writes: It's probably not added blurriness, but original blurriness that is now out of context. Re: (Score:3) by Thelasko ( 1196535 ) writes: The added blurriness is too much to justify it. Motion in photography creates blur. [wikipedia.org] The blur was always there, you just didn't notice it while the video was shaky. Your brain expects it to be there. Once all of the motion is gone, your brain will notice the blur. Basically, it's all in your head. Re: (Score:3) by Thelasko ( 1196535 ) writes: What I'm interested in is some post processing that will clean up the blur. In video, there should be some way to compare the frames before and after to clean it up. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Aliens, Bigfoot and Loch Ness Monster (Score:3) by Oswald McWeany ( 2428506 ) writes: on Friday April 14, 2017 @10:40AM (#54234371) Finally, I'll be able to see clear professional photos of Aliens Bigfoot and Loch Ness Monster once Google takes away the shakes and blurs. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate oh hell no (Score:2) by slashmydots ( 2189826 ) writes: I suspect this is the same system they use on Youtube which is horrifically bad! The result is some warpy, nausea-inducing disaster. ffmpeg/vidstab (Score:2) by fche ( 36607 ) writes: See also the vidstab filter for ffmpeg - open source goodness that does about as well: https://github.com/georgmartiu... [github.com] 9 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1368 commentsSilicon Valley Investors Call For California To Secede From the US After Trump Win 1058 commentsTwitters Says It Will Ban Trump If He Breaks Hate-Speech Rules 982 commentsAsk Slashdot: Would You Recommend Updating To Windows 10? 978 commentsTwitter Suspends American Far-Right Activists' Accounts 917 commentsFormer Engineer Says Uber Is a Nightmare of Sexism; CEO Orders Urgent Investigation next Apple May Invest Billions of Dollars In Toshiba's Memory Chip Business 27 comments previous New Solar-Powered Device Can Pull Water Straight From the Desert Air 190 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 53 of 53 loaded Submit Story Two percent of zero is almost nothing. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Editorial Column Tech Apple vs Google vs Microsoft: who will get to the future of PCs first? New, 90 comments The war for cheap computers is about to begin by Dieter Bohn@backlon Apr 14, 2017, 10:51am EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge It feels like a long time since we've had a great big knock-down, drag-out operating system battle. Windows vs. Mac shook out in the ’90s. iOS vs. Android is mostly settled. But another one is starting this summer if you know where to look. It's not in classic PCs, where the relative qualities between Mac and Windows have remained stable for some time now. It's not in phones, where the iPhone is dominant at the high end and Android owns massive marketshare. This time it's happening in one specific place: cheap computers. And the fight for it is going to be as brutal and fascinating as the ones we've seen before. The players aren't surprising at all: Google, Apple, and Microsoft. But this is a different kind of platform war, one where all three have a legitimate chance of coming out ahead. Over the past year, we've been watching the players line up. The operating systems and ecosystems that will be competing are the ones you'd probably guess: Google's Chrome OS (with Android apps) Apple's iOS (on the iPad) Microsoft’s Windows 10 Cloud (and new-style Windows apps) In all three cases, what you're looking at are "underpowered" operating systems that most people think can't be used as "real computers." But in all three cases, those assumptions are based more on preexisting biases than fundamental flaws. More to the point, I think Google, Microsoft, and Apple each have a roadmap for eliminating those flaws. A $500 PC could be good enough for nearly everybody, if the software is designed right All of which is kind of exciting! You can spend the next few months and years watching genuine competition between companies motivated to make the best possible products. And even better, those products will be available at prices that used to mean "crap" but will soon mean "why would I spend twice as much?" And if the web and app developers keep supporting all three, you won't have to compromise a ton by opting for any one of them. Let's break down exactly what Google, Apple, and Microsoft have in store for this battle. Photo by Vjeran Pavic / The Verge Google and Chrome OS By now, Chrome OS feels like a known quantity. People understand that it's "just" a Chrome browser, but that the Chrome browser can do way more computer things that just open webpages. That's because many of those webpages are full-blown apps, some of which work pretty well even when you're offline. It's easy (and justified) to knock Chrome for being a bloated battery hog on your Mac or Windows PC — but the flip side is that when it's running on a computer custom-built just for Chrome, it tends to run much better. Nearly one year ago, Google announced that Android apps will run natively on Chrome OS. It wasn't (and may never be) the all-smoke, no-fire "Andromeda" hybrid OS. It'll just be Chrome OS with Android apps on it. They'll be resizeable, like any regular app window on a desktop computer, and they'll work better offline than web apps. The dream, then, is that Chrome will be able to take on a two-front battle with both the iPad and Windows. Against the iPad, Chrome OS will have a more powerful, desktop-class browser, real windowing, and more hardware options. Against Windows, it has easier software management and better performance at cheap price points. Most $500 Windows PCs are crap. Most $500 Chromebooks are great. Can Google finally make Android apps good on big screens? But as I noted in February when I looked at how that Android Beta is coming along, that dream is presently a nightmare. Chrome OS's challenges are twofold. First, there's the new challenge of making Android apps run well on top of Chrome OS and on top of the various hardware architectures it has to support. We should know very soon if Google has figured that out, as the long-running beta is supposed to be over this month. The second challenge is the harder one: Android apps on big screens have been bad for as long as there have been Android apps on big screens. Developers have focused on phones to the detriment of tablets, and over the years the number of Android tablets has dwindled down. Today there's only one or two that are even worth mentioning, and you shouldn't buy them anyway. But if Google succeeds in its goals, that advice will rapidly change. That's because this Android on Chrome OS plan means Chrome OS tablets are coming. I doubt Android apps will be great on tablet or laptop screens this year, but that will be less of a problem than it was before because you can just use Chrome web app versions of most of the ones you want instead. Apple and the iPad Ever since Apple introduced the giant, 12.9-inch iPad Pro in 2015, it's been making the case that the iPad can replace your computer. It introduced a smaller, less-expensive iPad Pro last year and has even been running ad campaigns that argue that it's just as good as a "real" computer. So the answer to the question "what is Apple's cheap computer" already seems settled. Apple has made its bet: it's the iPad. Rumors and speculation that Apple will put the Mac on an ARM-based processor may well turn out to be true someday, but I believe that Apple would rather improve iOS and the iPad to take on Chrome OS and Windows at the low-end than try to produce a hobbled Mac that works well on the cheap. Apple's strategy is slightly more nuanced, price-wise, than either Google or Microsoft. Those companies will have products coming in at multiple price points, but the best stuff will probably hover around $500. For Apple, there's a low-end iPad without keyboard and stylus, or the Pros that start at $599 and go up as you add necessary accessories. And Apple's not wrong at all in this strategy. The iPad Pros are very powerful, very capable computers. They have several huge advantages over their two competitors. Several million advantages, in fact, and they're called iPad apps. Compared to both Android and modern-style Windows Store apps, there are so many more good quality iPad apps that it's not even a discussion. The other big advantage for the iPad is simply that it's good hardware running an operating system that was designed for it. That means that the OS is much faster even though it runs on relatively inexpensive hardware. Even the most recent non-Pro iPad, which lacks a keyboard connector and stylus support, feels faster than any other computer you can get for $329. Making iPads work for multiple users is still a chore But one of the key reason that iPads feel so fast is that iOS was designed with a "mobile-first" mentality that constrains apps from doing much in the background. It's locks users out from making the kind of customizations they tend to expect on a "real" computer. Instead of moving windows around, you get a two-pane split screen. Instead of choosing your preferred browser and email client, you tend to get locked into Safari and Mail. I don't have the space here to litigate whether that philosophy of computing is good or bad, nor whether it's going to hurt Apple, nor even whether Apple will change it sometime soon. But I will point out that Apple does need to resolve some of the limitations in its OS fairly soon, because those limitations are precisely why Chrome OS is eating the iPad's lunch in the education market. I'm talking about multi-user support and updates, primarily. On Chrome (and increasingly on Windows), a new user simply needs to enter their user ID, wait a tick, and then they're logged in with all their apps and stuff ready to go. And if somebody else picks up that computer, they can't get into your stuff. If an administrator wants to wipe the computer, it's relatively simple. All of those features makes Chrome OS a dream for education and very compelling to the enterprise. Apple has created a system that allows for multi-user support for schools, but compared to the simplicity of Chrome OS it's still a convoluted system. More importantly, it's currently only available in schools. Any parent that's gritted their teeth as they handed their work iPad to a child knows what I'm talking about: iOS needs proper multi-user support. I'll be both shocked and disappointed if Apple doesn't address it at WWDC this June. Photo by Chris Welch / The Verge Microsoft and Windows 10 Cloud Somewhat surprisingly, we know less about Microsoft's plans than we do about Apple’s and Google’s. All that will change on May 2nd, when Microsoft will hold a splashy event in New York that we expect will be focused on the rumored Windows 10 Cloud. We've been tracking this new version of Windows since January, and most indications are that it will be a lightweight iteration of Windows 10 designed to take on Chrome OS, especially in the education market. If the current rumors pan out, it will run Universal Windows Platform (UWP) apps but either won't run (or will badly run) the traditional Windows apps you've been using since 1995. Microsoft needs to stop Chrome OS from taking over the low end of the market There are other reasons to think that Microsoft is setting itself up to attack Chrome OS in the education market. The biggest? One of its top executives, Joe Belfiore, has just come back from a hiatus with a new job: “education sponsor and advocate in the Windows team.” Good timing! Another very obvious reason is the branding of this version of Windows. As Tom Warren has explained, the "cloud" in Windows 10 Cloud "doesn’t mean it’s literally powered by the cloud or streamed to a device." Instead, it'll likely focus on Microsoft's own services and generally imply that it's a lighter-weight OS, like Chrome OS. Microsoft will no doubt strenuously argue that this won't be "Windows Lite" — heck, it'll probably argue that calling it a "version" of Windows is the wrong terminology because all Windows 10 computers are simply Windows 10 computers. Microsoft is still bruised from all the (justified) criticism it ran into with multiple variants of Windows, to say nothing of the Windows RT debacle. But maybe that will be a mistake. A "lite" version of Windows could be exactly what most people want and need — it would be as simple to manage as Chrome OS, and it would run better on inexpensive hardware than full Windows does. And running better on inexpensive hardware has been an ongoing series of headaches for Microsoft. From netbooks to Windows RT, Microsoft has been trying to find a way to help its manufacturers drive down the cost of their devices without sacrificing performance. To date, it hasn't exactly been successful. The conventional wisdom is still that spending anything less than $500 or so means you'll get junky hardware, a slow computer, or both. But there's no inherent reason that Windows can't run well on cheap hardware. Windows 10 is a really good operating system that still doesn't get the credit it deserves for pushing desktop software forward. The problem is that many traditional Windows apps tend to just require more power than they really ought to. Windows still has an app gap The solution to that problem are those UWP apps, which is the terminology for apps that you get from the Windows Store that follow Microsoft's new design language and coding standards. They're the apps that put dynamic live tiles in the Start menu, snap to the side in clever ways, and generally just look better. The apps, in other words, that Microsoft needs way more of in order to execute on this plan. So far, the effort to get more developers to make more of those apps hasn't gone very smoothly. The lack of them is one of the main reasons that Windows RT bombed, and so many users assume that they're just underpowered and bad compared to traditional Windows apps. The big question for Microsoft is whether or not to allow Windows 10 Cloud to run traditional Windows apps — signs point to "no," though Belfiore did tell Mashable that he doesn't intend to make a version of Windows "that doesn’t run rich Windows apps." And we also know that Microsoft has found a way to get traditional Windows apps running on inexpensive ARM processors. We'll find out the answer to that question (and hopefully many others) on May 2nd. Get your popcorn In brief, here's how I see this upcoming fight for your next cheap computer shaping up: Google has a strong position in the education market, but has to prove it can make Android apps good on big screens. Apple has a dominant lead in quality apps, but the iOS platform needs to grow up a little more Microsoft has the most powerful operating system that can run on cheap hardware, but it needs more apps and better apps that can also run on cheap hardware. For years, all of the important action has happened on phones. They are, by far, the most important computers everybody owns. But that doesn't mean that there isn't opportunity for innovation on PCs and tablets. And for the first time in a long time, I think we're also going to see genuine competition in that space, as these three companies vie to convince you that you can get a great PC that does everything you need for less than $500. More From The Verge NASA finds more evidence that the ocean on Enceladus could support alien life Elon Musk says Tesla will unveil its electric semi truck in September Mossberg: A plan to preserve the internet Automakers aren’t thinking creatively enough about hydrogen fuel cells Burger King didn’t hack Google Home, it hacked the media Magic AI: these are the optical illusions that trick, fool, and flummox computers Now Trending Here’s how to activate YouTube’s hidden Dark Mode Kendrick Lamar is releasing another album on Sunday, according to internet sleuths Star Wars: The Last Jedi’s first trailer is here Reach out Here’s the final design for Light’s insane 16-lens camera Alphabet’s health division made a better smartwatch than Google could But you can’t buy it Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 62. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Here’s the final design for Light’s insane 16-lens camera by Natt Garun 18 comments / new Contrary to reports, Carrie Fisher will not appear in Star Wars: Episode IX by Andrew Liptak 1 comment / new One of fantasy’s biggest authors comes to Star Wars by Chaim Gartenberg 3 comments / new This 360-degree self-balancing scooter is a Segway for the impractical by Paul Miller 2 comments / new Airbnb adds new security measures to prevent scammers from hijacking hosts by Nick Statt 1 comment / new This glow-in-the-dark, waterproof AirPods case is great for nighttime deep sea diving and literally nothing else by Ashley Carman 3 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Technology The Democratization of Machine Learning: What It Means for Tech Innovation Apr 13, 2017 Opinion North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Technology Content The world of high-tech innovation can change the destiny of industries seemingly overnight. Now we are on the cusp of a new grand leap thanks to the democratization of machine learning, a form of artificial intelligence that enables computers to learn without being explicitly programmed. This process of democratization is already underway, according to this opinion piece by Kartik Hosanagar (@khosanagar), Wharton professor of operations, information and decisions, and a cofounder of Yodle Inc., and, Apoorv Saxena (@apoorvsaxena1), a product manager at Google and co-chair of the recent AI Frontiers conference. Last month, at the CloudNext conference in San Francisco, Google announced its acquisition of Kaggle, an online community for data scientists and machine-learning competitions. Although the move may seem far removed from Google’s core businesses, it speaks to the skyrocketing industry interest in machine learning (ML). Kaggle not only gives Google access to a talented community of data scientists, but also one of the largest repositories of datasets that will help train the next generation of machine-learning algorithms. As ML algorithms solve bigger and more complex problems, such as language translation and image understanding, training them can require massive amounts of pre-labeled data. To increase access to such data, Google had previously released a labeled dataset created from more than 7 million YouTube videos as part of their YouTube-8M challenge on Kaggle. The acquisition of Kaggle is an interesting next step. Market-based access to data and algorithms will lower entry barriers and lead to an explosion in new applications of AI. As recently as 2015, only large companies like Google, Amazon and Apple had access to the massive data and computing resources needed to train and launch sophisticated AI algorithms. Small startups and individuals simply didn’t have access and were effectively blocked out of the market. That changes now. The democratization of ML gives individuals and startups a chance to get their ideas off the ground and prove their concepts before raising the funds needed to scale. But access to data is only one way in which ML is being democratized. There is an effort underway to standardize and improve access across all layers of the machine learning stack, including specialized chipsets, scalable computing platforms, software frameworks, tools and ML algorithms. “Just like cloud computing ushered in the current explosion in startups … machine learning platforms will likely power the next generation of consumer and business tools.” Specialized chipsets Complex machine-learning algorithms require an incredible amount of computing power, both to train models and implement them in real time. Rather than using general-purpose processors that can handle all kinds of tasks, the focus has shifted towards building specialized hardware that is custom built for ML tasks. With Google’s Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) and NVIDIA’s DGX-1, we now have powerful hardware built specifically for machine learning. Sponsored Content: Highly scalable computing platforms Even if specialized processors were available, not every company has the capital and skills needed to manage a large-scale computing platform needed to run advanced machine learning on a routine basis. This is where public cloud services such as Amazon Web Services (AWS), Google Cloud Platform, Microsoft Azure and others come in. These services offer developers a scalable infrastructure optimized for ML on rent and at a fraction of the cost of setting up on their own. Open-source, deep-learning software frameworks A major issue in the wide-scale adoption of machine learning is that there are many different software frameworks out there. Big companies are open sourcing their core ML frameworks and trying to push for some standardization. Just as the cost of developing mobile apps fell dramatically as iOS and Android emerged as the two dominant ecosystems, so too will machine learning become more accessible as tools and platforms standardize around a few frameworks. Some of the notable open source frameworks include Google’s TensorFlow, Amazon’s MXNet and Facebook’s Torch. Developer-friendly tools The final step to democratization of machine learning will be the development of simple drag-and-drop frameworks accessible to those without doctorate degrees or deep data science training. Microsoft Azure ML Studio offers access to many sophisticated ML models through a simple graphical UI. Amazon and Google have rolled out similar software on their cloud platforms as well. Marketplaces for ML algorithms and datasets Not only do we have an on-demand infrastructure needed to build and run ML algorithms, we even have marketplaces for the algorithms themselves. Need an algorithm for face recognition in images or to add color to black and white photographs? Marketplaces like Algorithmia let you download the algorithm of choice. Further, websites like Kaggle provide the massive datasets one needs to further train these algorithms. “The final step to democratization of machine learning will be the development of simple drag-and-drop frameworks accessible.” All of these changes mean that the world of machine learning is no longer restricted to university labs and corporate research centers that have access to massive training data and computing infrastructure. What are the implications? Back in the mid- and late-1990s, web development was done by specialists and was accessible only to firms with ample resources. Now, with simple tools like WordPress, Medium and Shopify, any lay person can have a presence on the web. The democratization of machine learning will have a similar impact of lowering entry barriers for individuals and startups. Further, the emerging ecosystem, consisting of marketplaces for data, algorithms and computing infrastructure, will also make it easier for developers to pick up ML skills. The net result will be lower costs to train and hire talent. We think that the above two factors will be particularly powerful in vertical (industry-specific) use cases such as weather forecasting, healthcare/disease diagnostics, drug discovery and financial risk assessment that have been traditionally cost prohibitive. Just like cloud computing ushered in the current explosion in startups, the ongoing build-out of machine learning platforms will likely power the next generation of consumer and business tools. The PC platform gave us access to productivity applications like Word and Excel and eventually to web applications like search and social networking. The mobile platform gave us messaging applications and location-based services. The ongoing democratization of ML will likely give us an amazing array of intelligent software and devices powering our world. Supports K@W's Technology Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "The Democratization of Machine Learning: What It Means for Tech Innovation." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 13 April, 2017. Web. 15 April, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/democratization-ai-means-tech-innovation/> APA The Democratization of Machine Learning: What It Means for Tech Innovation. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, April 13). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/democratization-ai-means-tech-innovation/ Chicago "The Democratization of Machine Learning: What It Means for Tech Innovation" Knowledge@Wharton, April 13, 2017, accessed April 15, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/democratization-ai-means-tech-innovation/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Technology Has the ‘Dream Run’ for Indian IT Ended? Technology disruptions and global political developments are threatening the fundamentals of the Indian IT services industry. Marketing Why the Best ‘Customer Journeys’ Place Mobile at the Center Leading companies are making the user experience on mobile devices the center of the marketing universe, say two Google executives. Sponsored Content The Promise of Big Data: Revolutionizing Health Care Sustainability A pilot study unveiled at a Wharton conference demonstrated the viability of a new Healthcare Sustainable Purchasing Index (HSPI).   Join The Discussion One Comment So Far Log In or sign up to comment Thomas Dinsmore Interesting article. A few comments: (1) Specialized chipsets have no near-term impact on the trend towards democratization. Google’s TPU and NVIDIA’s DGX-1 support powerful deep learning applications, but these will continue to be out of reach for most business users. (2) MXNet is a project of the Apache Software Foundation, not Amazon. Amazon has announced (informally) that it plans to use MXNet, but so do many others. Amazon’s own deep learning project, DSSTNE, isn’t going anywhere. (3) Marketplaces will have little or no impact on the enterprise unless the applications sold through this channel are supported by a trusted vendor. (4) The authors omit the most important factor contributing to democratization, the trend towards automation of the data science process itself. “Drag and drop” tools alone are insufficient for all but the simplest projects. Advances in AI enable software developers to reproduce data scientists’s expertise. This is the key innovation that makes it possible for organizations to greatly expand the pool of people who can contribute to machine learning projects. Thomas W. Dinsmore WG79 Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 21 Plus 1 on G+ 41 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares108 Applications Downloads News Google-owned smart home company Nest has added yet more helpful new features to its popular app. Easily one of the best looking Android apps out there, Nest manages to introduce thoughtful, incremental improvements with each version bump. This time round we're treated to Google Smart Lock integration and new Nest Cam notifications. The Nest app supports Google Smart Lock, letting you log in to your Nest app without needing to remember your password Nest Cam lets you set notifications for motion activity, person alerts (with a Nest Aware subscription), or both. Family members can set their own notification settings Discover new Works with Nest partner products through the in-app catalogue The addition of Google Smart Lock will make it super easy for you to access the Nest app. Let's face it: nobody likes having to remember passwords. And the ability for different family members to set their own distinct Nest Cam notifications is exactly the kind of well thought out enhancement we've come to expect from Nest. These add to the Nest app's already impressive list of features to help you control devices such as the Learning Thermostat and Protect alarm, as well as the aforementioned Nest Cam. To check out the latest version of the Nest app download from the Play Store or manually from APK Mirror. Download: Nest (Play Store) Tags app update apps Google nest update subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale ... Next Story [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments bozzykid Sweet. I think that makes a whopping 2 major apps using Google Smart Lock (Nest and Netflix). Clearly it is catching on! Stephen Cornwell I have at least half a dozen apps which use it, on both my phone and Android TV box. Stephen Cornwell They still haven't updated the shitty software limitation to a handful of timezones, making the cameras useless anywhere outside the approved countries. Jordan Thoms Yeah, this is so frustrating, especially since Dropcam had no issues working with any timezone. Barbaralgustafson I've made $84,000 so far this year working online and I'm a full time student. I’m using an online business opportunity I heard about and I've made such great money. It's really user friendly and I'm just so happy that I found out about it. The potential with this is endless. Here’s what I do !wr248c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs248SmartSmart/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr248u:...... Willie Chalmers III Google-owned? Nest is Alphabet-owned. Jon Fridman Finally! Using the website for these features before wasn't ideal. Lars Jeppesen The camera stream on the web client still requires Flash.. wft Google? Cecil Hardwood Arlo from Netgear is the same. Lars Jeppesen It's absurd. needa These cameras are the epitome of a money grab. They stick it to you when you buy, and they stick it to you every month when you get their cloud services bill. Overpriced and Overrated. LOL Tell me which product to buy....I am leaving for 3 weeks to vacation and want to monitor my parking lot 24/7. I need WiFi and don't want some highend expensive and complicated setup needa Xiaomi Smart Cams. Also called xiaoyi small ants cam. Xiaoyi is who makes all xiaomi cameras. They run $30-$50, depending on resolution/night vision. Local storage through 8-64gb sd (need to buy). And they have cloud storage too. But I don't know the price of cloud. Alerts on your phone to motion. Pretty good app to boot. They have english and chinese versions. I got mine a couple of years ago so they only speak chinese, and don't have night vision, but the app is in english and is well translated. You seriously can't go wrong. You will pay a premium to get them shipped from the US though ($50-$80). I use geekbuying, gearbest, and aliexpress to shop the best prices out of China. Can also get a xiaomi router (used to be $160 for the hub router) with local storage, for cams to send motion video to for backup. Might be an overall cheaper option to cloud if that is a must. needa Remodeling my bathroom. So pardon the toilet/mess on my porch. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/61a58bcb64188654a5e2101cd25a6f5c96a99f05b0602dc777760d3a5d2f6b9e.png JRomeo how much is your subscription monthly? and is it possible to have it setup like you do without a monthly subscription? needa No subscription. It records event. Sends notification if you have them turned on. Then you download event and watch. Or you can load the live camera then scroll through and watch events as far back as recorded. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/faff67f251898c293ecc8c9d23e027d63c0fa6fe37f3d390ea57bce5f2f5eca8.png needa This is a few hours worth of recordings on scroll bar. Hence why I keep notifs turned off. When out of town I turn on indoor camera, and events. So I know if someone enters home. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d65d318d0bdc41c4a93f71f87ddf79d77547d1622794c175e89486b4f06cd537.png JRomeo How can i set this up at my house? what software are you using? what is the camera brand name? can it be used with foscam? and what free service do you use that records events? needa It's all above. Xiaomi. Yi Camera app. LOL Local storage is not an option, 1 hour of 720p takes about 6GB. I want 24x7x3. Nest gives you 1 month of 720p recording or 10 days of 1080p. The best part about Nest is that I can return it back to store, there is no deadline in my local store. PS. It's about $170, not $200 needa Not sure what you mean with the $200. If 24/7 is what you need, then definitely don't want Xiaomi. Not sure why you need that, these things are pretty good at recording motion events. I do wish I could stipulate the pixels for the motion events though. I keep my outdoor notifs turned off. Too many cars driving by during the day. LOL I replied, but its not going through says: "Hold on, this is waiting to be approved by Android Police." LOL Here is my reply https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/17f38da34d86c690f5b6be7d4317d203e0fb66d452145eef4ab3c319b7fb5263.png JRomeo I like nest cam, but where can I find an alternative that is similar without a monthly subscription? Cecil Hardwood So how is Nest doing ? I thought about investing in some of their hardware but a little concerned whether the company will be around long term. LOL Ah? They are only expending their products so far. It's​ a Google company Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 317 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 109 queries | 0.377s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Home About The RealtyBizNews Team Contacts Advertise with Us Contributing Writers RealtyBizNews: Real Estate News With the latest on mortgages, refinancing, real estate & home tips Realtors US Real Estate Commercial Featured News Technology Investing Memphis Real Estate International Press Release You are here: Home / Technology / Google / Can Google AMP Turn Lead Into Gold? Can Google AMP Turn Lead Into Gold? April 14, 2017 by Ben Shepardson Leave a Comment Subscribe to our RSS feed to get the latest realty news. You can get our headlines via email as well, or follow us on Twitter. Alchemy is famous for bold experiments attempting to change lead into gold. Well, Google Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) changes your under-performing mobile pages into sleek pages that load quickly. Google launched AMP in February of 2016. They didn’t launch it alone; AMP is an open source project. It’s an effort from Google, Twitter, and other tech companies. This coalition noticed Facebook Instant Articles were loading really fast on mobile, and they wanted to compete with it. AMP definitely does compete. AMP is built for mobile pages, and it loads them faster. What is AMP? AMP is a stripped down version of HTML. Because it’s stripped down, it’s faster. Google knows that people love fast-loading websites. That’s why they boost AMP websites in their search engine result pages. Every AMP page has a lightning bolt next to it, to show searchers the page is optimized for mobile. Are There Things AMP Can’t Do? AMP is nice, but far from perfect. AMP is faster because there are certain tags of HTML that it doesn’t read. That means there are certain limitations that AMP has. Certain forms are out. Because of that, it’s harder to collect information for your email marketing lists. Many websites rely on conversions, not only traffic. If people can’t fill in a form on the landing page, it’s harder to get a conversion.  You also have to use a streamlined version of CSS with AMP. For instance, all CSS has to be less than 50 KB, and it also must all be in-line. Another issue with AMP is monetizing mobile sites. AMP can only show certain types of ads. Some publishers say their revenue has dropped substantially on their AMP pages, as compared with their full mobile sites. On the other hand, some sites say they are monetizing around the same rate. To be fair, AMP is popular with consumers and has immense long-term upside. That’s why many publishers are prepared to stick with it for now, even if it costs them money. Moreover, having an AMP compatible website gives you the chance to show up in the Google News carousel, which will spike your views. Additionally, Google prefers AMP pages, so your regular SEO is boosted as well. How to Add AMP to Your Website You can’t just add a WordPress plug-in, and expect your website to be AMP-friendly. It will take developers to get you where you want to be. For starters, you need two pages on your site: the regular page and the AMP page. You need developers who can add the rel=canonical tag, so Google recognizes that you have two pages, ensuring you get the maximum SEO boost. Your developers can check whether a page is AMP ready with the AMP Validator. Do you remember the saying “close only counts in horseshoes”? Well, it’s true here. Your website needs to clear a specific list of hurdles to be AMP compatible. If it’s not 100%, then you aren’t compatible. How Does AMP Impact Mobile Marketing? How can AMP make you more money? For one thing, it’s fast. Users adore fast sites. This can help increase your customer loyalty, which will result in repeat business. Additionally, that lightning bolt could be the difference your first-time mobile prospects clicking on your site or a rival. Also, if you have a news site, making into the Google News carousel is a real boon. Google AMP is at its beginning stage. It isn’t as lucrative as changing lead into gold. Yet, it’s a good marketing investment for the future. It seems search is heading in this direction.   About Ben Shepardson Ben Shepardson is a Realty Biz News Contributing Writer and has a long track record of success in online marketing and web development. While pursuing a bachelor’s degree in Computer Information Systems, he worked doing enterprise-level SEO and started an online business offering web development services to small business customers. Speak Your Mind Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Follow Realty Biz News In other news… Homeowners and appraisers disagree on home valuations Can Google AMP Turn Lead Into Gold? 6 Essentials for Every Restaurant’s Fire Safety Checklist Redfin: Home Prices and Sales Posted Strong Gains as Supply Shortage Continued into March CENTURY 21 Topsail Realty Announces David Lawrence Ranked 1st in Rhode Island and 18th in New England Sponsored Ads Tips and tricks of the trade 6 Essentials for Every Restaurant’s Fire Safety Checklist April 14, 2017 By Al Twitty Selling Your Home? 4 Tips to Get the Best Prices 3 Red Hot Real Estate Trends to Keep an Eye on in 2017 When Real Estate is Relative: Top Tips for Selling Your Home to a Family Member Real Estate Market Today Catalysts that are Predicting a Positive Outlook for REITS in 2017 January 23, 2017 By Chris Porter Trulia warns of shrinking home inventories Digital Realtor Roundup: Memphis, Tennessee Digital Realtor Roundup: Cleveland, Ohio Real Estate Technology Can Google AMP Turn Lead Into Gold? April 14, 2017 By Ben Shepardson How to choose a great URL for your website Using Smart Home Devices to Help Seniors 3 reasons your online ads aren’t generating enough leads All contents © Copyright 2016 RealtyBizNews · All rights reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Apps  |  News  | Google Photos comes with new image stabilization system Google Photos comes with new image stabilization system No more jerky videos By: Chandrika Jana Published: Friday, April 14, 2017, 19:45 [IST] Google Photos has got a new feature that can automatically stabilize videos inside the camera roll with just a tap. There are a number of flagship smartphones, which offer optical image stabilization while shooting a video. This hardware feature helps in keeping the footage smooth. In the case of Google's Pixel phone, it has a software that tries to stabilize jerky movements. Putting stabilization inside the Google Photos app itself would definitely give better results. Moreover, if you don't own a phone with inbuilt image stabilization system, then this feature will be really useful for you. Also Read: Google Allo 9.0 to let users connect their phones with desktops As expected, your video will get a bit cropped after it gets stabilized, but the original clip will stay in the Photos library. So you don't have to worry about that. However, we should not expect something miraculous out of this new feature. It will not turn a particularly jerky video into a smooth one like magic. Also, the videos might get some warping and other visual distortions. You don't have to get disheartened though. Unless you want a professional level video, Google Photos' image stabilization system should work just fine for you. For example, if you want to smoothen the pans of a video you took using your phone, you can just take the help of Google Photos to make it better. Then you can easily upload it on wherever you want: Facebook or Instagram. At least Android users are getting something, who miss out on Instagram's Hyperlapse. How does the Google Photos carry out the image stabilization process is not known yet. Google Pixel 52,409 Specs Competitors Images Gallery   |   9 Photos Google Pixel +See All Read More About google | App | news | photos Other articles published on Apr 14, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Instagram now has more daily active users than Snapchat Few Failures by Apple which they want us to forget This man made his own iPhone 6s for just $300 Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Three basic pillars on which Nokia Android phones are built Moto E4 and Moto E4 Plus renders hit the web; compared side by side Jio emerges as the second most trusted brand: Survey Alleged Nokia 8 or Nokia 9 sketches leak showing bezel-less design Microsoft now ends support for few Windows phones HTC One X10 to be released only in Russia iWorld announces an attractive discount of Rs. 20,010 on iPhone 7 Never get late for work with these Alarm clock apps Five features we think should be added in the upcoming OnePlus 5 Elephone to launch at least 6 new smartphones this year Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] Cody Toombs Follow View All Posts 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 38 Plus 1 on G+ 145 Share on Facebook 65 Share on Twitter Total Shares248 APK Teardown Applications Downloads News Update 1: 2017/04/14 4:55am PDT Notification toggle was removed in a subsequent update Article Contents 1 What's New 1.1 Toggle Google Assistant Notifications 1.2 Prevent icons from being added with new app installs 1.3 Bug fix: No more crashing from swiping away cards 2 Teardown 2.1 Services are going to be easier to manage 2.2 code 2.3 A new device type called "Bisto" 2.4 code 2.5 code 3 Download The Google app went through a major version bump to 7.0 and began rolling out to the beta channel a couple of days ago. A bit of digging around turned up a few new settings, but nothing that explains why the version number went up on this release. Along with the new features, a teardown also raises some light on a few things we can look forward to in the future, including some vital improvements for Services accessed through Google Assistant and what may be a new type of device. If you're not part of the beta channel, you can grab the latest version of the Google app – now with fewer crashes – from APK Mirror. What's New Unofficial Changelog: (the stuff we found) Toggle Notifications for Google Assistant Toggle Auto-add app icons for new installs (Android O) Bug fix: No more crashing on card dismissals Toggle Google Assistant Notifications Update 1: 2017/04/14 4:55am PDT Notification toggle was removed in a subsequent update It looks like this toggle was revealed a bit prematurely. With the release of a minor update to v7.0.08, the Notification toggles have been removed. That probably explains why they didn't seem to do anything. At this point, this section might belong in the teardown because the setting will probably return in the future. – Thanks, Kfir Sadeh. End of Update Google is working hard to make Assistant more useful and appealing to users, and that often means it will have to behave a little differently from one user to the next. Not only that, but it probably has to behave a little differently from one device to another, especially when they come in different form factors. The latest Google app update brings a little more configurability with a new setting for Assistant that allows users to toggle notifications on or off for their phones and Google Home devices. Here's the description: Receive notifications like weather updates on this device. Even if notifications are off, you'll still hear alarms and important updates. By default, the setting will be enabled on phones and disabled on Google Home. If you would like to change the setting, just go into the Google app Settings screen and then tap into the Assistant settings. You can switch between the Phone settings and Google Home with the dropdown at the top of the page, and then switch between Home units with another selector further down the page. Notifications toggles for Google Home (left) and phones (right) It's safe to assume that this refers to those low-priority items that silently slip into the notification list with current weather conditions, due dates for bills, and occasionally some important local news. At least that's how they usually present themselves on a phone. Google Home might be a different story, and that might make this a little more interesting. So far, Assistant on Google Home has only been known to become active when an alarm goes off or somebody interacts with it directly through voice commands or casting. The rest of the time, it stays quiet. Enabling this setting would seem to suggest that it could now (or soon) wake up from time to time to let you know it started raining outside or that the mayor of a nearby town was arrested for some pretty nasty things. (True story.) I've had the setting enabled for several hours on my Google Home, but there haven't been any notifications read aloud to me yet. I don't know if there just haven't been any events or if this isn't really supposed to be doing anything (yet). Prevent icons from being added with new app installs A couple of weeks ago, a teardown turned up a new setting destined for Google's launcher. Its purpose was to simply turn off the behavior that created icons on the home screen for freshly installed apps. That toggle is now live in the v7.0 update, but with a weird catch: It only works on Android O, or API 26, to be specific. Only users running a developer preview will be able to see the toggle for now. Readers of the teardown rightly brought up the point that the Play Store offers a similar setting. However, that toggle only applies to apps installed through the Play Store, not to those from other sources like the Amazon Appstore. Perhaps this is related to–or inspired by–the change in the way unfamiliar app installers are handled in Android O. Bug fix: No more crashing from swiping away cards If you installed v7.0.4 of the Google app and ventured into your Now stream, there's a pretty good chance you also tried to swipe away a card and witnessed the scene above. Yes, there was a bug in that release and it had the undesirable effect of crashing the home screen. Version 7.0.6, which is linked below, fixes the issue. Teardown Disclaimer: Teardowns are based on evidence found inside of apks (Android's application package) and are necessarily speculative and usually based on incomplete information. It's possible that the guesses made here are totally and completely wrong. Even when predictions are correct, there is always a chance that plans could change or may be canceled entirely. Much like rumors, nothing is certain until it's officially announced and released. The features discussed below are probably not live yet, or may only be live for a small percentage of users. Unless stated otherwise, don't expect to see these features if you install the apk. Services are going to be easier to manage After Google opened the gates for developers to build services for Assistant, there was a predictable flood of submissions attempting to get the attention of users. We're now staring at an unwieldy, disorganized list that's pretty hard to keep up to date with. Naturally, Google is moving to solve this by adding a few tools to make all of these services a little easier to sift through and use. First, services (referred to as "agents" by Google's developers) will be sorted into categories so you won't have to stumble through a list containing everything from food delivery services to games. <string name="agent_directory_category">Category</string> <string name="agent_directory_category_list_header">Categories</string> If you're still having trouble finding the service you want, you'll also be able to ask Assistant to help out. <string name="agent_directory_ask_prompt">Ask your Assistant</string> Once you're using a service and find that it's really good (or bad), you'll be able to give your feelings about it with a rating, feedback, or even report it if something is really not right about it. Ratings will obviously also be reflected in the directory of services so everybody will be able to ignore the ones that didn't live up to other peoples' standards. code <string name="agent_directory_rate_service_prompt">Rating</string> <string name="agent_directory_a11y_rate_service_subtitle">Rate your experience with %1$s on Google Assistant</string> <string name="agent_directory_a11y_rate_service_title_after_rating">Your rating</string> <string name="agent_directory_a11y_rate_service_title_before_rating">Rate %1$s</string> <string name="agent_directory_a11y_rate_service_five_stars_button">Five stars</string> <string name="agent_directory_a11y_rate_service_four_stars_button">Four stars</string> <string name="agent_directory_a11y_rate_service_three_stars_button">Three stars</string> <string name="agent_directory_a11y_rate_service_two_stars_button">Two stars</string> <string name="agent_directory_a11y_rate_service_one_star_button">One star</string> <string name="agent_directory_a11y_agent_avg_rating">%1$s star rating</string> <string name="agent_directory_agent_rating_menu_delete">Delete</string> <string name="agent_directory_agent_rating_menu_edit">Edit</string> <plurals name="agent_directory_a11y_user_rating"> <item quantity="other">Your rating %d stars.</item> <item quantity="one">Your rating %d star.</item> </plurals> <string name="agent_feedback_from_header_text">From</string> <string name="agent_directory_feedback_send">Send</string> <string name="agent_directory_report">Report service</string> <string name="agent_directory_report_agent_text"><u>Report service</u></string> Once you've chosen a few services that you like, you'll be able to add them to a personalized list. The term 'shortcut' is also used a few times and might be a way for users to attach their own custom names to services, and maybe even fill in some of the information for regular requests. <string name="agent_directory_my_services_header">My Services</string> <string name="agent_directory_shortcuts_title">Your %1$s shortcuts</string> <string name="agent_directory_shortcuts_subtitle">Customize your shortcuts for %1$s</string> <string name="agent_directory_shortcuts_create">CREATE</string> Most of this is pretty predictable stuff and was bound to happen eventually, and perhaps it should have been done a bit earlier. Nevertheless, as the infrastructure improves, so does the ecosystem. A new device type called "Bisto" Every once in a while, something really unusual comes up in a teardown... This is one of those times. There's a new device type listed among the strings in this update, and they refer to something known internally as "Bisto." This obviously has nothing to do with the British brand of foods, but instead refers to a device that is somehow distinct from other current products. code <string name="assistant_settings_device_type_android_tv">Android TV</string> <string name="assistant_settings_device_type_bisto">Bisto</string> <string name="assistant_settings_device_type_google_home">Google Home</string> <string name="assistant_settings_device_type_nexus">Pixel</string> <string name="assistant_settings_device_type_phone">Phone</string> <string name="assistant_settings_device_type_wear">Android Wear</string> <string name="assistant_device_id_android_tv_preference_category">assistantDeviceIdAndroidTvCategory</string> <string name="assistant_device_id_bisto_preference_category">assistantDeviceIdBistoCategory</string> <string name="assistant_device_id_google_home_preference_category">assistantDeviceIdGoogleHomeCategory</string> <string name="assistant_device_id_nexus_preference_category">assistantDeviceIdNexusCategory</string> <string name="assistant_device_id_wear_preference_category">assistantDeviceIdWearCategory</string> The list of device types above shows that Bisto is going to be treated differently from Android TV, Google Home, Android Wear, a Google Pixel, and the general category of "phone." Of course, since this list already makes a distinction between the Pixel and a regular phone, we can't eliminate the possibility Bisto is another phone or a special release matching one of the other products. code <string name="bisto_device_notifications_pref_title">Spoken notifications</string> <string name="bisto_device_notifications_pref_summary">Notifications will be read aloud inside your headphones</string> from /res/xml/assistant_device_id_bisto_settings.xml <PreferenceScreen xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.PreferenceHolder android:key="@string/assistant_device_id_group_holder"> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.MainScreenPreferenceCategory android:title="@string/assistant_settings_device_id_category" android:key="@string/assistant_device_id_bisto_preference_category"> <com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.MainScreenDropDownPreference android:persistent="false" android:key="bistoDeviceId" /> <SwitchPreferenceCompat android:persistent="false" android:title="@string/bisto_device_notifications_pref_title" android:key="bistoNotifications" android:summary="@string/bisto_device_notifications_pref_summary" /> </com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.MainScreenPreferenceCategory> </com.google.android.apps.gsa.assistant.settings.shared.PreferenceHolder> </PreferenceScreen> The current manifestation involving Bisto is a single toggle that offers to read notifications aloud to the user through headphones. This means the product can at least support headphones, which only really eliminates Android Auto and other in-car products – many states and countries don't allow drivers to wear headphones. We can also surmise that Bisto includes a screen since this setting gives the option to read notifications through headphones, but likely shows them in some other way if the setting is disabled. In other words, it's probably not an audio-only device like Google Home. Since these are settings for Assistant, the final assertion we can make is that the device will obviously include Google Assistant. From that, we can also assume it will have a microphone and probably a speaker. Okay, those aren't strictly sure things, but the odds are in our favor. Unfortunately, that's about as far as the clues take us. It probably has more in common with a phone than it does with Google Home, and it's not going to be exclusive to a car... Bisto might be an entirely new category of hardware, a specially branded device from an existing category, or even just the name used internally for Android One devices with Google Assistant. It's too early to speculate much beyond that, but we'll definitely be on the lookout for more hints. Download The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK. Version: version APK Mirror Download: Google (Play Store) Tags apk apk download apk teardown app Bisto download downloads google app google assistant home screen icons notification notifications services teardown subscribe ... Previous Story Google Photos' video stabilization gets demoed, proves impressive ... Next Story Noodlecake Studios brings us Lumino City, an award winning handcrafted puzzle adventure game Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments Suicide_Note Maybe Bisto is a new version of Google Glass, or something along those lines? roberto.elena My bet for Bisto is a standalone VR device (i.e., one that doesn't require neither your smartphone nor a PC). Cody Toombs It's certainly possible. There are a few variants of Glass roaming around, including a couple of models that are only available to partners and supposedly one that has no screen and operates a lot like Google Home. That last one can probably be ruled out because it lacks a screen, but I could see how some of the partners might want Google Assistant on their Glass units. I hope this isn't the case since it means we probably wouldn't get to confirm it for a long time. On the other hand, it's always possible (but unlikely, I think) that Google is thinking about taking another run at launching Glass. marcusmarcus2 Maybe it is for "Android Things" Isaac Fischer Guesses for Bisto: a Glass redux or a wall panel / standalone home control device. whispy_snippet Bisto = Bison? Guest You can change the notification setting for Google Home through the Google app the same way you can for the phone. When I go to settings through the Google app there's a toggle to select either my Pixel XL Assistant settings or Google Home Assistant https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/cdb9430794930787147ba2eb5fe2032e0a4528b2dc567b1c549a034f441c1ef1.png https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/9cec9c79b31aca40a0b7f0025450a895c74544e859fb60bae9c7d280e6ff1cce.png settings Cody Toombs Ahh, you're right. I don't know why I keep forgetting that, I even explained the layout in a teardown many months ago. Every time I see the dropdown indicator, I think it's used for collapsing the section below it, which makes no sense. DJ SPY We've been able to turn off and on the thing about a new app icon being added to the home screen, directly from the play store for ever. What's the point of that option being in the Google app now? F4LL0U7 Second paragraph of that section: "Readers of the teardown rightly brought up the point that the Play Store offers a similar setting. However, that toggle only applies to apps installed through the Play Store, not to those from other sources like the Amazon Appstore." mike shwilly How about song recognition? Or it will be classic Google waiting a whole year to present this "feature" with a new OS? Josh Flowers Seriously! I heard a song yesterday, pulled out the phone, "ok google -- what's this song?" --"I'm sorry, I can't do that yet." Instant thought: I've replaced a superior product with an inferior product. F4LL0U7 Why not just use the widget icon that you can add to your home screen? That still works. Josh Flowers Don't have a widget. I think I deleted 'Sound Search' when I had Google Now. Just re-installed, thanks...but bummed I have to do so. F4LL0U7 It's not the standalone Sound Search app that hasn't been updated in years. It's a widget that's part of the Google app itself. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b12d0cd106c2504e21827d19c9164f96401e390950988d2fa533f424eb61fa80.png Andrew Robotham No black status icons? Kieron Quinn https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/b67179290bd0086b0cf33422d3a2ec4660f4199edb9781075a9f0a868891e9d2.jpg Gailpgregory I've made $84,000 so far this year working online and I'm a full time student. I’m using an online business opportunity I heard about and I've made such great money. It's really user friendly and I'm just so happy that I found out about it. The potential with this is endless. Here’s what I do !wr250c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs250OfficeStudio/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr250u:....... Scott Still no f@#$ing search tools... Nick V I hope Bisto is a new tablet device. My 2013 Nexus 7 is not going to make it much longer... Fresh360 It may be all in my head but it seems that Assistant gives me more "bad" results and doesn't understand my voice inputs way more than plain ol Google Now...Especially with playing music thru GPM : ( Zach Mauch Bisto = Andromeda Confirmed!!!!! ;-) Kaden Gordon Says who? I mean, it makes some sense, but who said that? Zach Mauch See the ";-)". That means I am winking after my comment. So if I said that in real life and then winked, I would expect one to think that I am not being serious or making a joke. Callum Saunders I'm thinking that bisto is this reiteration of google glass that is audio only. I'd say maybe a take on apple's airpods but that include google assistant? This would tie into the partnership with sony to bring the high quality bluetooth audio to Android O. I imagine these will be bundled with the pixels to compensate for removing the headphone jack and this would be a way for them to market it as BETTER than the headphone jack. LondonLeedsFan I'm on beta for the Google app and other than getting Assistant, nothing in regards to layout or appearance has changed on any update on about 6 months? Czifra János And one new think on a video: https://youtu.be/bdw6oGYm6tI Willie Chalmers III Looks like you just got the server side switch for a feature that's been around for a month. I still haven't gotten it, though. Czifra János Yes, but it is very cool feature. :D And limited. Artem Russakovskii http://www.androidpolice.com/2017/03/22/google-makes-search-shortcuts-official-helps-find-information-quicker/. Filipe Santos Come on Google release the damn Assistant to other countries, like Portugal but Please!!! Don't release in pt-br.... Suck so hard Andy J .... I wonder if this services menu will be available in the UK.... the way things are going - probably not. Frank Schumacher The notification setting just vanished in new beta 7.0.8! Alan Cramer Still no Google Assistant for GSuite users it appears. Kaden Gordon Bisto could be an app for all devices, and acts as an all-in-one notification manager Iamsecond Could Bisto refer to a new assistant based on Linda Bellingham? Let's hope so! Camerooni I'd like them to add an option to automatically 'ding' on the hour and say 'It's 2 o'clock pm' etc. My grandparents used to have a little clock like this when I was a kid and I thought it was amazing.. haven't found anything that did it since :/ Prasad Bhusari Sir i am using one plus x and i am unable to use Google assistance also root my phone still its happening i use all tricks plz help me JG With the "it probably won't be audio only" bit, I'm assuming my idea for Bisto is pretty much out... Not even sure if it'd be product worthy or not, but... Last year, Sony released the Xperia Ear. Basically a Bluetooth headset that could read notifications etc to you. The goal was to keep your head up and engaged with your surroundings, rather than always looking down at a phone screen. I'm kind of picturing the Assistant embedded into a headset, sort of a portable, personal Google Home. It could potentially work as an Android Wear alternative. Rather than having to pull your phone out of your pocket, or even glance at your wrist, it could just read your new Hangout message right in your ear. Might come in handy during the next -40 Snowpocolypse when you don't want to unbundle your layers to get either your watch or phone out. I'd imagine most headsets would probably already let you control the phone's Assistant. Google did buy a company to get tech to improve audio quality, maybe they could leverage that into this... I also wouldn't mind seeing Google produce a case that would both protect my new Pixel 2 and house the earpiece. I never use them because I don't want them in my ear all day and because they're smaller, I'm afraid I'll lose them if I shove them in a pocket or whatever so they just sit at home when I need them the most. If they lived in/on my phone case I'd have them 24/7 (the case could also allow both the headset and phone to be charged at the same time). Like Wear, it could use WiFi to extend it's useful range. WiFi Assistant could automatically log it into open networks and it could harvest passwords for protected networks when you pair it to your phone. Too bad it wouldn't have the battery life to support its own cellular connection. Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 5 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 10 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 30 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 315 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 102 queries | 0.513s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Setup Android Parental Controls and Content Filtering Cory Gunther04/11/2017 When using a smartphones or tablet to surf the internet one can never be too careful. Whether you just bought the kids a device or just want to be safe, we have you covered. Here we’ll go over Android parental controls and content filters. Including everything you need to know to keep your kids under wraps. Kids will be kids and eventually they might do something they shouldn’t. Thankfully there are countless tools available for parents. Follow our instructions below to keep things safe and under control on your Android devices. Read: How to Setup Parental Controls on Windows 8.1 Below we’ll share helpful information like adding a password to the Google Play Store. Preventing unauthorized purchases by your children. Give you control over the type of content being displayed on their device, and much more. These are the Android parental controls you need to know about. Any Android device has parental controls or some type of content filtering. Whether that’s from Google or the manufacturers. A shiny new Galaxy S8, or even an old LG tablet for the kids. Even manufacturers have their own tools. Here we’ll focus on the basics, which is a good place to start. Android 5.0 and above features a guest mode (multi-user account) option for kids. Although it only works on tablets. Not to mention all Amazon Kindle tablets have controls in Amazon Freetime. It’s important for parents to setup restrictions on an Android smartphone or tablet. We’ll start with content filtering, then get into setting a password and a few other steps you can take. This will offer the best experience that’s safe and secure. Content Filtering on Android Obviously Google doesn’t let anything and everything into the Google Play Store. Even if they’re more relaxed than say, Apple, regarding what is available for download. That said, they still have good quality control that improves every day. Take things a step further though, by following the instructions below. Instructions Start by heading into the Google Play Store app from the application tray and tapping the 3 lines (menu) button on the top left, then navigate to settings. This is where you can control everything from when apps update, enable a password for purchases, and of course content filtering. Once in settings simply head to the ” User controls” menu. One of the first options is Content Filtering. Tap here and you’ll see the popup shown below. This isn’t the most advanced tool and won’t prevent everything from slipping through the cracks, but it’s a start. Parental controls can be added with ease and secured by a pin code. We can even choose which content is controlled. Like apps or games, movies, TV and music. Parents can disable select apps from being shown based on maturity. Show all is enabled by default, but there are countless options. This was recently updated to be even more useful. With groups consisting of: Everyone, Everyone 10+, Teen, Mature 17+, Adults only, or Allow All. As we said above, this won’t stop everything from getting through but it’s the first step many parent should take. For more details on Google’s content and privacy policy click here. Once enabled if you see something that is inappropriate you can flag it for possible removal. Parents can even contact the developers and inform them of parental controls for potential app updates. Add a Password for Purchases The second step parents will want to take is adding a password to the Google Play Store to prevent unauthorized purchases. This can protect you from kids buying tons of apps (or in-app purchases) without your consent. Or prevent them from downloading things you wouldn’t want them getting their eyes on. Read: How to Add a Password to the Google Play Store The full set of instructions for adding a password can be found in the link above. Essentially navigate to the same settings menu in the Play Store as mentioned above, and under the content filtering option is “Require authentication for purchases”. This can be set to ask for a password for all purchases, which is recommended and the default option. Additionally, there’s a choice to ask every 30 minutes. Meaning if you give it out once, your children can buy apps for 30 minutes before requiring the password again. We’d recommend setting it for every purchase. There’s plenty of great content and games from the Play Store, not to mention tons of music and movies worth spending a few dollars on. Just make sure your children are safe and protected from unwanted purchases, or content that isn’t suited for them. Thankfully Google makes this all easy and just a few taps away. 2 Responses 12/30/2014 Lilith Rothschild Reply iPhone Find feature, users aiming to ensure the highest security apple company – allowing them to be victims users satisfaction by rendering the over 7-10 days of account activation if the phone is paid thousands of dollars for the state waste products purchased by preventing the bill, although passport non-telephone assistance for 1 year products even users with obligations to sell the phone support an unhappy user inserting into to ensure the decline of the market to have I think that it is doing its best – precisely be the world’s best performance, but a product of the product e-mail address for the agent to the extent menu to stand for 10 days which allows you to touch all the time and all life I wrote that the bottom of each post news all over the world for 7 days, I hope that these comments will change his mind. 05/17/2016 asdfasdfa Reply Can you Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Google’s new job site might let recruiters see your search history By Margi Murphy, The Sun View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 14, 2017 | 9:55am | Updated April 14, 2017 | 12:30pm Modal Trigger Google Originally Published By: Do you know what TDTM means? Perverts are attaching coat hook spy cameras to bathroom stalls Kids who play with smartphones are sleeping less How to make space on your iPhone without deleting apps It comes as no surprise that a prospective boss is going to Google you before you get an interview. But now the search giant is building its own recruitment tool that will help companies learn a lot about its applicants. Its top secret project is called Google Hire. It will work similarly to LinkedIn but will let employers track and manage applications, tech website Axios reported. For now, it appears to be accessible using your personal Google account, which links up your search history, your Google Plus and your YouTube account. The website appears to be in early stages of development, so you’ll need to have an invitation to sign up. Google is keeping very quiet about the project, so it’s not clear what sort of searches it could make about potential applicants. But the site offers the option of using your personal account, prompting you to “sign in with Google.” If that is the case, there’s nothing stopping people creating a new account just to apply for a role. They’ll just have to make sure they don’t do any X-rated browsing while signed in. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under digital privacy ,  google ,  Jobs ,  recruiting Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Uber faces $1 million fine over drunken-driving complaints Read Next Uber faces $1 million fine over drunken-driving complaints Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 21,996 'Police impersonator' messes with the wrong guy 20,868 Why I won't date hot women anymore 15,980 CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party Now On Sonja Morgan can’t seem to escape Tipsy Girl drama Director James Gray ‘has no ill will’ toward Harvey Weinstein CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party SEE ALL Video What To Watch This Weekend, No Matter Your Mood Now On 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera SEE ALL More Stories pagesix CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party Now On Decider Sex On Netflix: Did You Know That Netflix Has A “Steamy” Section? nypost 'Police impersonator' messes with the wrong guy New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Trending in Google Corporate Chromecast vs Android TV: What is Google’s best solution for big screen entertainment? Yesterday GOOG: 823.56 -0.76 Google is building a job platform called Google Hire from its ‘Bebop’ acquisition Ben Schoon - Apr. 14th 2017 6:07 am PT @NexusBen Google Hire View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google has dozens of big projects going on in the background, many of which we never learn anything about. Today, though, we’re hearing more about a service Google has in store for job recruiters — Google Hire. The best gifts for Android users You can access the main login screen of Google Hire right now, but the service itself is still hidden from public view. Google Hire is apparently the company’s latest project developed by its enterprise and cloud division, being led by Diane Green. Google Hire even references Green’s startup “Bebop,” which Google acquired back in 2015 for $380 million. Axios reports that behind those closed doors, Google Hire is very similar to rivaling services such as Greenhouse and Lever, and could also provide competition to the likes of LinkedIn or Jobvite. That is to say that Hire allows employers to post available job listings and accept/manage applications. Some companies are already taking advantage of the service as well, including startups Medisas, Poynt, DramaFever, SingleHop, and CoreOS. It’s possible, though, that Google is simply using these companies to test the functionality. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Google Hire View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Why happiness matters more than compensation Why happiness matters more than compensation In response to the recent news about Google and possible unfair compensation, columnist Rob Enderle writes that a happy life is far more rewarding than a large estate. Rob Enderle (CIO (US)) 14 April, 2017 23:00 - - - - print email Comments Google is allegedly fighting all attempts to get them to disclose what they pay women. You can probably guess why. As a group, women are paid less than men. This isn’t big or new news and remains one of the biggest problems for most industries. Fixing this problem is almost impossible because with very few exceptions we don’t know what someone should be paid for a job. So, let’s talk about the trouble with compensation, how employees and managers are impacted by the issue and how it is far more painful a problem than you likely think.   The inherent unfairness of compensation Let’s take two hypothetical people doing the same job, man or woman. If one of them started right out of college and worked hard, but never changed jobs their salary 20 years into the job will be based on the raises (performance, advancement, cost of living) they got during that period. But if they changed jobs every few years their compensation will likely be based on increases they were given every time they changed companies. Doing the same job, the person who was disloyal and changed firms, can make up to 2x what the person who didn’t change makes. Granted, it is generally more like 20 percent to 30 percent more, but that is a huge discrepancy for the same work. If the person with the lower salary finds out about this, he she will become very upset. They may then become an HR problem even though they were there for every raise and their unhappiness is not caused by what they make, but what their higher paid peer makes. If we then toss in things like education level and family responsibility, this can seem even more unfair. For instance, two people doing the same job with equal performance where one has college degree and one does not will typically have a significant difference in salary, as will two people one with a family and one who is single. This last is particularly fascinating/annoying because there is no guarantee that the higher paid employee will always be the more productive employee. This is all to say that salaries are unfair, but you can either let the discrepancies reduce your job satisfaction and happiness or learn to game the system. You can also work to retrain yourself to focus on what is important, which often isn’t salary. Sales If you want to have the best odds of both making the most money in an industry and in being paid fairly go into commission sales. Granted you have to be a people person, good at manipulation, have a very strong work ethic and be able to handle rejection (a lot of it). You’ll typically find some of the highest paid people without degrees in sales. This is pure pay for performance. Yes, there can be games in terms of territories, support, shared commissions and experiences that cross harassment borderlines, but the productive sales person generally controls what he or she makes, almost always is in high demand and has far better tools to deal with the related BS than almost any other position in the company.   I worked at a large tech company where the top sales people brought home higher salaries than the CEO (granted the CEO got better stock options).   But, we are talking seven-figure incomes and while there was just one male CEO the top sales people were men and women and far more numerous and far less well-educated. Gaming the system Much like it was in colleges and universities where the smart student gaming the GPA learns to pick their classes (something I didn’t learn very well I might add), there are ways to game the company. There are managers who aggressively use compensation, and those that don’t believe in raises, there are departments that are well-funded, and those that are being cut back, and there are companies that are growing, and those that are being downsized.   What you want for higher salaries are managers who aggressively use compensation as a motivator, who are in departments that are growing, in companies that are growing.   Page 1 2 next Why Performance Matters When Building Your SD-WAN More from Silver Peak Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about Google Editor's Recommendations When will the IT project madness end? Ridley leads charge on 'intelligent built environments' in digital age Regaining trust after a digital government failure Tech dreams come true: Origin’s Kelly Ferguson reveals personal journey Mind the (expectation) gap The ultimate test: Inside Cricket Australia's digital transformation Web Events Cloud Migration: The Comprehensive Checklist to Success Accelerating digital business in the 4th industrial revolution Mastering the science of IT spend Read more Silver Peak Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Crossing the Legacy ITSM Chasm: A Risk/Benefits Assessment How to Overcome Today’s Top ITSM Challenges Anatomy of a Hack Disrupted PCI: It’s Not Just for Card Companies Anymore Latest Jobs Contracts Manager NSW Contracts Manager NSW Software Manager VIC Telecommunications Installation Manager SA Contracts Manager NSW Mobile Studio Manager/ Mobile UX Manager - GAME CHANGER! NSW ICT Relationship Manager - Service Delivery Environment NSW Delivery Executive SA Service Delivery Manager NSW Mobile Studio Lead/ Mobile UX Lead NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next ​Westpac joins Samsung Pay Victoria Police go mobile to boost officer safety South Australia coughs up $394M for DXC Technology outsourcing deal In pictures: Breakfast - Information governance in a digital world 10 things you may not know about Google Trump ‘actively’ considering new H-1B spouse work rule Market Place Secure the Future Workspace - Data protection, Securing IoT, Security Policies & more | IDC Analysts | Hands-on Workshops | Register now CSO Leaked NSA exploits plant a bull's-eye on Windows Server New NSA leak may expose its bank spying, Windows exploits Periodic vulnerability assessment is recipe for disaster Travelers enlists Symantec to advise cyber insurance customers Unpatched vulnerability exposes Magento online shops to hacking Computerworld Toshiba’s memory biz sale attracts many, including Apple Microsoft begins denying updates to some Windows 7 users Microsoft sets May 9 as original Windows 10's retirement date On-premises HR users risk being left behind, Oracle says IoT device sales set to surge in next decade ARN Tata Consultancy Services’ upcoming Innovation Lab to support Govt agenda DDoS attack takes out Melbourne IT DNS servers Superloop nabs another Vocus exec Stax steps out with Tech Data deal Civil lawsuits safe from mandatorily retained metadata Techworld Leaked NSA exploits plant a bull's-eye on Windows Server Toshiba’s memory biz sale attracts many, including Apple Microsoft begins denying updates to some Windows 7 users New NSA leak may expose its bank spying, Windows exploits Shape shifting bots could be the key to planetary exploration CMO Updated: Myer acquires embattled fashion brands, Marcs and David Lawrence CMO's top 8 martech stories for the week - 13 April 2017 CMO interview: How Nine is tapping audience data for advertising, engagement and content innovation ​10 epic marketing campaign fails pulled after public backlash ​Chatbots, messaging and refining the art of mobile commerce Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Futuristic router may become most important smart gadget, beat Amazon Echo, Google Home and others Smart gadget makers may soon integrate the features of a router with other gadgets and make it the single most important device. Raymond Ronamai   April 14, 2017 19:08 IST Experts have found vulnerability in Netgear routers.Twitter/NETGEAR You are able to browse internet from the comfort of your room or couch or lawn because of one small gadget that is often neglected. It could be one device that grabs your attention the least but this could change very soon and turn into one of the most important gadgets in your house. And it appears like it can beat voice-activated smart Bluetooth speakers like Amazon Echo and Google Home, smart home hub like Samsung SmartThings Hub and others. It is reported that router makers like Netgear, Linksys, and several other companies are planning to transform this unnoticed device into an important one by integrating several features. It could soon act as a speaker, voice assistants, smart home hub and much more, which means you won't need several gadgets like Amazon Echo, Samsung SmartThings Hub and Google Home if you own a smart router. Also read: Secure your smart home by changing WiFi, router password Or rather say future smart gadgets, be it a smart speaker, thermostat, hub or any device for that matter, could perform the function of a router, thus avoiding the need to install or buy a separate device for your internet connection. It was earlier reported that the Google Wi-Fi could come with features like microphone, speaker, voice assistant and several others, and the future Google Home could come with a built-in router but the plan could have been shelved to ensure that it is not rolled out prematurely. "As a Wi-Fi system, we're starting to be throughout multiple spaces in a home, and of course there are things we could think about within that regard," Ben Brown, senior product manager for Google Wi-Fi, told The Wired. The Information also reported that the Google Wi-Fi could come with features like microphone, speaker, voice assistant and several others, and the future Google Home could come with built-in router Nothing is certain at the moment but it will be awesome if Google merge its Home and Wi-Fi. We also can't say that smart gadget making companies will not use intelligent personal assistant like Alexa in their products. So, don't be surprised if all you want in your home is a router that can perform the functions of many devices. Related Dangers of buying used smart home gadgets Amazon Echo beware! Google Home is catching up with these new smart home partners Who can set up smart homes and who shouldn't Also read This is how you can stop your children from messing around with Amazon Echo Best smart TVs you can buy for your smart home in 2017 Post Comment IBT TV Close Maths professor pulls incredible April Fool's prank on his class Why advertise with us? Latest News Microsoft Windows 10 Creators Update will support only 13 Windows phones, including Lumia 640, 640 XL 16 minutes ago By Kukil Bora Nokia 8 and Nokia 9 design details revealed in sketches 3 hours ago By Raymond Ronamai Why advertise with us? most popular Nokia 3, Nokia 5, Nokia 6, Nokia 3310 release date in India HMD Global's latest devices Nokia 3, Nokia 5, Nokia 6 and Nokia 3310 could be released in the second quarter of 2017. Nokia 8 and Nokia 9 design details revealed in sketches HMD Global is expected to release Nokia 8 and Nokia 9 soon, and sketches of the devices have revealed the design of the devices. Fappening 2.0: Here's how you can protect your private data from hackers Take a pause from sexting and follow these steps to protect your data. Xiaomi Mi 6 scores big on AnTuTu benchmark Xiaomi Mi 6 has scored big on AnTuTu benchmark but it's still short of the points marked by iPhone and Galaxy S devices. Microsoft's Project Scorpio may change the game, but what do you know about the other players? If you are looking for a new gaming console, Project Scorpio is worth the wait, but there are other options worth considering too. Xiaomi Mi 6 uses a hardware similar to iPhone 7 at ten times cheaper cost: Raises serious concerns Xiaomi has confirmed that it will be launching its Mi 6 flagship on April 19. Xiaomi is going to use a new piece of hardware in the Mi 6. Reliance Jio's rivalry with Airtel, Vodafone and Idea intensifies Reliance Jio's disruptive data plan has affected its rivals Airtel, Vodafone and Idea so badly that the fight has turned ugly. OnePlus 5 leak surfaces again and it won't be called OnePlus 4: Here's what we know so far So OnePlus 4 is off the table and OnePlus 5 is going to be the official name of this year's OnePlus flagship. Photo Gallery Ashwini, Chethan Cheenu at Pelliki Mundu Prema Katha trailer launch Telugu movie Pelliki Mundu Prema Katha Movie Theatrical Trailer Launch event held at Hyderabad. Celebs like Ashwini, Chethan Cheenu, Madhu Gopu, Sudhakar Patnam, Avinash Salandra, DSK, KL Damodar Prasad, Malkapuram Shivakumar, Suresh Kondeti and others graced the event. Emma Watson's latest Instagram pictures Check out the latest Instagram pictures of Hollywood actress Emma Watson. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Site Navigation Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 21 Plus 1 on G+ 41 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares108 Applications Downloads News Google-owned smart home company Nest has added yet more helpful new features to its popular app. Easily one of the best looking Android apps out there, Nest manages to introduce thoughtful, incremental improvements with each version bump. This time round we're treated to Google Smart Lock integration and new Nest Cam notifications. The Nest app supports Google Smart Lock, letting you log in to your Nest app without needing to remember your password Nest Cam lets you set notifications for motion activity, person alerts (with a Nest Aware subscription), or both. Family members can set their own notification settings Discover new Works with Nest partner products through the in-app catalogue The addition of Google Smart Lock will make it super easy for you to access the Nest app. Let's face it: nobody likes having to remember passwords. And the ability for different family members to set their own distinct Nest Cam notifications is exactly the kind of well thought out enhancement we've come to expect from Nest. These add to the Nest app's already impressive list of features to help you control devices such as the Learning Thermostat and Protect alarm, as well as the aforementioned Nest Cam. To check out the latest version of the Nest app download from the Play Store or manually from APK Mirror. Download: Nest (Play Store) Tags app update apps Google nest update subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale ... Next Story [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments bozzykid Sweet. I think that makes a whopping 2 major apps using Google Smart Lock (Nest and Netflix). Clearly it is catching on! Stephen Cornwell I have at least half a dozen apps which use it, on both my phone and Android TV box. Stephen Cornwell They still haven't updated the shitty software limitation to a handful of timezones, making the cameras useless anywhere outside the approved countries. Jordan Thoms Yeah, this is so frustrating, especially since Dropcam had no issues working with any timezone. Barbaralgustafson I've made $84,000 so far this year working online and I'm a full time student. I’m using an online business opportunity I heard about and I've made such great money. It's really user friendly and I'm just so happy that I found out about it. The potential with this is endless. Here’s what I do !wr248c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs248SmartSmart/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr248u:...... Willie Chalmers III Google-owned? Nest is Alphabet-owned. Jon Fridman Finally! Using the website for these features before wasn't ideal. Lars Jeppesen The camera stream on the web client still requires Flash.. wft Google? Cecil Hardwood Arlo from Netgear is the same. Lars Jeppesen It's absurd. needa These cameras are the epitome of a money grab. They stick it to you when you buy, and they stick it to you every month when you get their cloud services bill. Overpriced and Overrated. LOL Tell me which product to buy....I am leaving for 3 weeks to vacation and want to monitor my parking lot 24/7. I need WiFi and don't want some highend expensive and complicated setup needa Xiaomi Smart Cams. Also called xiaoyi small ants cam. Xiaoyi is who makes all xiaomi cameras. They run $30-$50, depending on resolution/night vision. Local storage through 8-64gb sd (need to buy). And they have cloud storage too. But I don't know the price of cloud. Alerts on your phone to motion. Pretty good app to boot. They have english and chinese versions. I got mine a couple of years ago so they only speak chinese, and don't have night vision, but the app is in english and is well translated. You seriously can't go wrong. You will pay a premium to get them shipped from the US though ($50-$80). I use geekbuying, gearbest, and aliexpress to shop the best prices out of China. Can also get a xiaomi router (used to be $160 for the hub router) with local storage, for cams to send motion video to for backup. Might be an overall cheaper option to cloud if that is a must. needa Remodeling my bathroom. So pardon the toilet/mess on my porch. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/61a58bcb64188654a5e2101cd25a6f5c96a99f05b0602dc777760d3a5d2f6b9e.png JRomeo how much is your subscription monthly? and is it possible to have it setup like you do without a monthly subscription? needa No subscription. It records event. Sends notification if you have them turned on. Then you download event and watch. Or you can load the live camera then scroll through and watch events as far back as recorded. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/faff67f251898c293ecc8c9d23e027d63c0fa6fe37f3d390ea57bce5f2f5eca8.png needa This is a few hours worth of recordings on scroll bar. Hence why I keep notifs turned off. When out of town I turn on indoor camera, and events. So I know if someone enters home. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d65d318d0bdc41c4a93f71f87ddf79d77547d1622794c175e89486b4f06cd537.png JRomeo How can i set this up at my house? what software are you using? what is the camera brand name? can it be used with foscam? and what free service do you use that records events? needa It's all above. Xiaomi. Yi Camera app. LOL Local storage is not an option, 1 hour of 720p takes about 6GB. I want 24x7x3. Nest gives you 1 month of 720p recording or 10 days of 1080p. The best part about Nest is that I can return it back to store, there is no deadline in my local store. PS. It's about $170, not $200 needa Not sure what you mean with the $200. If 24/7 is what you need, then definitely don't want Xiaomi. Not sure why you need that, these things are pretty good at recording motion events. I do wish I could stipulate the pixels for the motion events though. I keep my outdoor notifs turned off. Too many cars driving by during the day. LOL I replied, but its not going through says: "Hold on, this is waiting to be approved by Android Police." LOL Here is my reply https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/17f38da34d86c690f5b6be7d4317d203e0fb66d452145eef4ab3c319b7fb5263.png JRomeo I like nest cam, but where can I find an alternative that is similar without a monthly subscription? Cecil Hardwood So how is Nest doing ? I thought about investing in some of their hardware but a little concerned whether the company will be around long term. LOL Ah? They are only expending their products so far. It's​ a Google company Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 317 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 109 queries | 0.377s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Media BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google expands WebVR reach Laurie Beaver Apr. 14, 2017, 9:16 AM 661 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also VR app downloads skyrocket in 2016 HTC sheds light on VR app subscription program THE IMMERSIVE VIDEO REPORT: How VR, AR, and 360-degree video are shaping the future of content creation This story was delivered to BI Intelligence Apps and Platforms Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. On Wednesday, Google expanded its Chrome WebVR feature to Google Cardboard — Google’s inexpensive virtual reality (VR) headset. The company initially added WebVR to Chrome on Daydream-ready phones, however, the low cost of the Google Cardboard will give many more users access to its VR web apps, encouraging more consumer awareness of VR experiences. Users can explore what WebVR can offer with Google’s WebVR Experiments, an example of WebVR content already being developed for the platform. WebVR has gained plenty of attention recently, with Facebook's Oculus and Samsung Gear VR both adding WebVR support in the last few months. That’s because WebVR has multiple benefits for consumers and developers alike, which ultimately helps platforms: WebVR makes VR much more accessible to consumers. WebVR can be accessed via smartphone-powered headsets, which are more affordable than computer- and console-powered headsets, like the HTC Vive and PlayStation VR. It’s also available on the web, broadening the content base. WebVR could incentivize developers to build more VR content. Support for browser apps could lure in developers initially reluctant to make moves until they assessed how adoption of the technology would evolve. As competition between VR platforms continues to heat up, having more developers building content is key to attracting the best VR experiences. Web apps also make it easier for potential users to sample new VR content without needing to download and store it on their phones. Because of the complexity of VR content, it can be a drain on both phone storage and battery life. Accessing this content over the web fixes at least one of these issues since users can essentially stream the content from the internet.  Broadening the scope of VR accessibility could make the tech more appealing to other industries. Currently, VR is probably most suited to gaming and video viewing, however, it also has ample opportunity to disrupt mobile applications focused on education, conference calls, and medical procedures. The virtual reality (VR) market has made significant strides throughout 2016. New VR headsets like the Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive debuted amid great consumer anticipation, while VR content launches kept pace, with Batman: Arkham VR and Chair In A Room garnering encouraging download totals. At the same time, industry groups and conferences brought developers, investors, and content producers together, helping to further ramp up buzz in this nascent space.    BI Intelligence, Business Insider’s premium research service, forecasts shipments of VR headsets to spike by 1047% year-over-year (YoY) to 8.2 million in 2016. This growth will help propel the virtual reality space to exceed $1 billion in revenue for the first time, according to research by Deloitte. Powering that growth is an estimated 271% increase in investment in AR (augmented reality) and VR companies from 2015, according to estimates from CB Insights. But while 2016 has indeed been an important year for the VR market, it hasn’t necessarily been a big one — at least not compared to its future growth potential. VR headset shipments will continue to grow in the years ahead, driven by the introduction of new content that will appeal to a broad swath of users.  Jessica Smith, research analyst for BI Intelligence, has compiled a detailed report on virtual reality that explores the highly fragmented and volatile VR market that emerged in 2016, lays out the future growth potential in numerous key VR hardware categories as driven by major VR platforms, and examines consumer sentiment and developer excitement for VR, presenting which headset categories and platforms are most poised for success in the near- to mid-term. Here are some key takeaways from the report: This has been an important foundational year for the VR market. New hardware and content have brought more options to market to appeal to a wider set of consumers.  But the growth seen this year is merely a foreshadowing of the future. The highly fragmented VR market today will eventually narrow as the market grows and matures. After considerable progress in 2016, the VR market is ripe for transformation in 2017. Developers, consumers, investors, and hardware makers have a host of options from which to choose, each with their own strengths and shortcomings. The environment is poised for the first killer VR app to hit the market sometime in 2017, which will be a major catalyst for consumer adoption of VR hardware. Not all headset categories and platforms will emerge as winners in the near future. More immersive headsets that offer the best VR experiences are too expensive for most consumers. Alternately, affordable headsets that rely on smartphones as processors offer sub-par experiences that can induce sickness. In full, the report: Identifies the major players in today's VR hardware and platform markets. Estimates future growth of each of the major VR categories. Explores barriers to mass market consumer adoption for each of the VR hardware categories. Considers how developer sentiment is driving the growth of various platforms.  Assesses how the market will shake out over the next five years in terms of size and the success of various VR hardware categories.  Interested in getting the full report? Here are two ways to access it: Subscribe to an All-Access pass to BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report and over 100 other expertly researched reports. As an added bonus, you'll also gain access to all future reports and daily newsletters to ensure you stay ahead of the curve and benefit personally and professionally. » START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase & download the full report from our research store. » BUY THE REPORT More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Apps and Platforms Mobile Virtual reality VR facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google expands WebVR reach Google expands WebVR reach This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Image Search updated with style ideas for fashion inspiration By Rei Padla - April 14, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google Search is definitely one useful online tool. You may not notice it but if you work in front of the computer everyday, you have probably “googled” for dozens of different things each day. We don’t have the statistics right now but you know what we mean because you google all the time–whether for a dictionary definition, quotes, news, person, or an image. For the fashionistas, they often use Image Search to know the latest style and fashion. It’s the easiest way to look for inspirations. Google has updated the Image Search recently to include “style ideas” in both the web and Android app version. Admit it, style isn’t exactly your cup of tea but Google knows everything. Just a few clicks and swipes, you can get that look that will suit your lifestyle. Say you want to see what will go with that new colored-top of yours, do an Image Search and you will see style ideas plus outfits and lifestyle shots featuring a similar fashion product. All you need are photos of how that shirt, pair of jeans, bag, or shops are styled by other people. There are enough inspiration you can see on the web and you may start on where else–Google. Below the image results, you will also see similar items in a carousel. This comes in handy when you are looking to buy a new item. There may be similar products that look better or are more affordable so better check out the list. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline Google updates mobile image search for Android Google now includes images from PDF in image search Google tries to Pinterest it up by saving image search in folders Now on Tap now lets you select text, do image search TAGS Android Google google search Rei Padla Must Read Huawei Honor 8 Pro Review: things you need to know LG G6 Review Here’s when and where you can get the Galaxy S8 in the US [UPDATE] Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 135,857FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 475,411FollowersFollow 60,707SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     LeadSensationz 2017 Han Fan Website Marketing Analysis Software Launched   View as PDF  Print View    Han Fan, a professional internet marketer and software developer, announced the launch of LeadSensationz, a new digital marketing analysis software. LeadSensationz can be used to analyze website responsiveness, Google page speed scores and a variety of other website and niche factors. Wanchai,, Hong Kong - April 14, 2017 /PressCable/ -- Professional digital marketer and software developer Han Fan launched LeadSensationz, a new software helping digital marketers analyze client websites and businesses to identify potential areas of improvement. More information can be found at https://leadsensationz.com/jv. Online marketing has grown considerably in recent years, with more and more businesses looking for powerful strategies to leverage the immense marketing potential of the internet. With surveys indicating that more than 90% of all clients use online surveys and Google searches to find business information, online visibility has become crucial for overall success. The ever-increasing demand for professional digital marketing services has led to a similar increase in marketing agencies providing online solutions. However, without proper professional tools, success rates are only limited, leading to negative customer impact and reduced business rates. LeadSensationz was designed to help digital marketers create a comprehensive website analysis based on a variety of marketing-related factors. Website quality is essential for SEO, which, in turn, is crucial for online visibility. Traffic analyses show that more than two thirds of all keyword-specific traffic go to the top three search results, making keyword competition extremely fierce. LeadSensationz allows the easy visualization of a variety of factors related to SEO, including Google page speed score, website responsiveness and many other parameters. The software can also be used for market research, providing a variety of useful information on similar businesses in all client-specific niches. This information can then be used to understand the specificities of each market and determine the most appropriate digital marketing strategies. LeadSensationz uses an intuitive graphic interfaced based on a minimalistic layout that is easy to interpret by both professional digital marketers and business owners looking to assess their own websites and niche competition. It can therefore be used successfully by anyone interested in professional digital marketing analysis. Interested parties can find more information by visiting http://muncheye.com/han-fan-et-al-leadsensationz. Contact Info: Name: Mindquo Organization: Muncheye Address: 8 Hennessy Road, Wanchai,, Hong Kong Island 999077 For more information, please visit http://muncheye.com Source: PressCable Release ID: 185768 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Atlanta Debris Dumpster Rental & Junk Removal Services Free Estimates Announced (Sat 15th Apr 17) IC Media Direct - Introduces Cutting-Edge Internet Brand Repair Blueprint at LeadsCon New York (Sat 15th Apr 17) Daniel Yomtobian Announces Ground-breaking Plan for Text-Based Banner Ads (Sat 15th Apr 17) Woman Who Fell Down Stairs In Bronx Awarded $13 Million (Sat 15th Apr 17) Houston Art Auction Gallery & Custom Framing Upcoming Show Announced (Fri 14th Apr 17) 24-hour Locksmith Services Now Open For Residences And Business In Singapore (Fri 14th Apr 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News LeadSensationz 2017 Han Fan Website Marketing Analysis Software Launched   View as PDF  Print View    Han Fan, a professional internet marketer and software developer, announced the launch of LeadSensationz, a new digital marketing analysis software. LeadSensationz can be used to analyze website responsiveness, Google page speed scores and a variety of other website and niche factors. Wanchai,, Hong Kong – April 14, 2017 /PressCable/ — Professional digital marketer and software developer Han Fan launched LeadSensationz, a new software helping digital marketers analyze client websites and businesses to identify potential areas of improvement. More information can be found at https://leadsensationz.com/jv. Online marketing has grown considerably in recent years, with more and more businesses looking for powerful strategies to leverage the immense marketing potential of the internet. With surveys indicating that more than 90% of all clients use online surveys and Google searches to find business information, online visibility has become crucial for overall success. The ever-increasing demand for professional digital marketing services has led to a similar increase in marketing agencies providing online solutions. However, without proper professional tools, success rates are only limited, leading to negative customer impact and reduced business rates. LeadSensationz was designed to help digital marketers create a comprehensive website analysis based on a variety of marketing-related factors. Website quality is essential for SEO, which, in turn, is crucial for online visibility. Traffic analyses show that more than two thirds of all keyword-specific traffic go to the top three search results, making keyword competition extremely fierce. LeadSensationz allows the easy visualization of a variety of factors related to SEO, including Google page speed score, website responsiveness and many other parameters. The software can also be used for market research, providing a variety of useful information on similar businesses in all client-specific niches. This information can then be used to understand the specificities of each market and determine the most appropriate digital marketing strategies. LeadSensationz uses an intuitive graphic interfaced based on a minimalistic layout that is easy to interpret by both professional digital marketers and business owners looking to assess their own websites and niche competition. It can therefore be used successfully by anyone interested in professional digital marketing analysis. Interested parties can find more information by visiting http://muncheye.com/han-fan-et-al-leadsensationz. Contact Info: Name: Mindquo Organization: Muncheye Address: 8 Hennessy Road, Wanchai,, Hong Kong Island 999077 For more information, please visit http://muncheye.com Source: PressCable Release ID: 185768 Recent Press Releases By The Same User E-Clinical Solutions Market is Expected to Grow at 12% CAGR during 2016-2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) Apoptosis Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) ADME/Tox Technologies Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) Chiral Chemicals Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) Amino Acids Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) Liquid Bandage Market 2017 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast To 2022 (Fri 14th Apr 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Paint Removal Paint Stripping Paint Remover Company Releases New Tool Boston MA Next PostNext Homemade Wood Furniture Cleaner Recipe DIY Lemon Essential Oil Polish Released Search Recent Posts Mobile FrontHaul Industry Analysis and Global Major Key Players Research Report 2022 Fidelity Bank’s LifeDesign Approach Results in a Banner Year Dickey’s Barbecue Pit 65th Year of Making the Easter Holiday More About Family EARS Sounder BUFR Products – Change to WMO-compliant filenames New Sea Ice Concentration product from OSI SAF soon on EUMETCast Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Google Banning pre-natal sex determination sites does not curtail right to Internet access: Supreme Court Google rolling out stable Android Nougat 7.1.2 build for Nexus 6P beta testers Facebook has shut down about 30,000 fake accounts in France to combat fake news Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google rolling out stable Android Nougat 7.1.2 build for Nexus 6P beta testers By tech2 News Staff /  14 Apr 2017 , 17:52 #Google Image shows the Huawei-made Nexus 6P. In what appeared to be a rather odd move, Nexus 6P users of Google’s Android Beta program ended up being stuck on Android Nougat 7.1.2 beta while regular users received their stable update. While the reasons for the same were unclear, testers who were on the beta can now breathe a sigh of relief as Google as started to roll out the final 7.1.2 firmware update. The latest update is just 26MB in size and comes with the build number N2G47H. According to Android Police, the new update is specifically targetted at Nexus 6P users who were stuck with the beta build as mentioned above. The Android Nougat 7.1.2 update brings a number of improvements and bug fixes for Pixel smartphones in particular. It resolves the early shutdown issue along with those who experience the pink banding on the camera. Add to this a fix for the audio cracking experienced by some users when the speaker was played at high volumes. As usual there were performance and stability improvements as well. Those who updated their smartphones initially were also being offered another OTA update that led them back to the beta build. Oddly this turned out to be minor glitch and the issue should now be solved. Publish date: April 14, 2017 5:52 pm| Modified date: April 14, 2017 5:54 pm Tags: Android 7.1.2, Android Nougat, Google, Google Android, Google Android program, Google Nexus 6P, Nexus, Nexus 6P beta Also read Android O Developer Preview: Here is how you can manually install the upcoming Android version Android has overtaken Windows as the most used operating system on the internet X Recommended For You Banning pre-natal sex determination sites does not curtail right to Internet access: Supreme Court Facebook has shut down about 30,000 fake accounts in France to combat fake news Google Photos will stabilise your videos now but it also adds distortion and warping Uber CEO Travis Kalanick’s iron fist control over the company is making search for a COO difficult Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #BHIM Apr 15, 2017 Bhim Aadhaar payments platform has potential to revolutionise Indian economy, says Narendra Modi #Nasa Apr 15, 2017 Nasa to broadcast world’s first 360-degree stream of rocket launch on 18 April #Partnered Mar 30, 2017 The Fashion Shopper has gone mobile: New report by BCG & Facebook #Uber Apr 15, 2017 Uber has generated $6.5bn is revenue in 2016, adjusted net loss stands at $2.8bn #Facebook M Apr 15, 2017 Facebook M chatbot still being tested with limited users, but is getting more intelligent #Facebook Apr 15, 2017 Facebook shareholders demand a report on fake news and gender pay equality SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 21 Plus 1 on G+ 41 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares108 Applications Downloads News Google-owned smart home company Nest has added yet more helpful new features to its popular app. Easily one of the best looking Android apps out there, Nest manages to introduce thoughtful, incremental improvements with each version bump. This time round we're treated to Google Smart Lock integration and new Nest Cam notifications. The Nest app supports Google Smart Lock, letting you log in to your Nest app without needing to remember your password Nest Cam lets you set notifications for motion activity, person alerts (with a Nest Aware subscription), or both. Family members can set their own notification settings Discover new Works with Nest partner products through the in-app catalogue The addition of Google Smart Lock will make it super easy for you to access the Nest app. Let's face it: nobody likes having to remember passwords. And the ability for different family members to set their own distinct Nest Cam notifications is exactly the kind of well thought out enhancement we've come to expect from Nest. These add to the Nest app's already impressive list of features to help you control devices such as the Learning Thermostat and Protect alarm, as well as the aforementioned Nest Cam. To check out the latest version of the Nest app download from the Play Store or manually from APK Mirror. Download: Nest (Play Store) Tags app update apps Google nest update subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale ... Next Story [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments bozzykid Sweet. I think that makes a whopping 2 major apps using Google Smart Lock (Nest and Netflix). Clearly it is catching on! Stephen Cornwell I have at least half a dozen apps which use it, on both my phone and Android TV box. Stephen Cornwell They still haven't updated the shitty software limitation to a handful of timezones, making the cameras useless anywhere outside the approved countries. Jordan Thoms Yeah, this is so frustrating, especially since Dropcam had no issues working with any timezone. Barbaralgustafson I've made $84,000 so far this year working online and I'm a full time student. I’m using an online business opportunity I heard about and I've made such great money. It's really user friendly and I'm just so happy that I found out about it. The potential with this is endless. Here’s what I do !wr248c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs248SmartSmart/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr248u:...... Willie Chalmers III Google-owned? Nest is Alphabet-owned. Jon Fridman Finally! Using the website for these features before wasn't ideal. Lars Jeppesen The camera stream on the web client still requires Flash.. wft Google? Cecil Hardwood Arlo from Netgear is the same. Lars Jeppesen It's absurd. needa These cameras are the epitome of a money grab. They stick it to you when you buy, and they stick it to you every month when you get their cloud services bill. Overpriced and Overrated. LOL Tell me which product to buy....I am leaving for 3 weeks to vacation and want to monitor my parking lot 24/7. I need WiFi and don't want some highend expensive and complicated setup needa Xiaomi Smart Cams. Also called xiaoyi small ants cam. Xiaoyi is who makes all xiaomi cameras. They run $30-$50, depending on resolution/night vision. Local storage through 8-64gb sd (need to buy). And they have cloud storage too. But I don't know the price of cloud. Alerts on your phone to motion. Pretty good app to boot. They have english and chinese versions. I got mine a couple of years ago so they only speak chinese, and don't have night vision, but the app is in english and is well translated. You seriously can't go wrong. You will pay a premium to get them shipped from the US though ($50-$80). I use geekbuying, gearbest, and aliexpress to shop the best prices out of China. Can also get a xiaomi router (used to be $160 for the hub router) with local storage, for cams to send motion video to for backup. Might be an overall cheaper option to cloud if that is a must. needa Remodeling my bathroom. So pardon the toilet/mess on my porch. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/61a58bcb64188654a5e2101cd25a6f5c96a99f05b0602dc777760d3a5d2f6b9e.png JRomeo how much is your subscription monthly? and is it possible to have it setup like you do without a monthly subscription? needa No subscription. It records event. Sends notification if you have them turned on. Then you download event and watch. Or you can load the live camera then scroll through and watch events as far back as recorded. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/faff67f251898c293ecc8c9d23e027d63c0fa6fe37f3d390ea57bce5f2f5eca8.png needa This is a few hours worth of recordings on scroll bar. Hence why I keep notifs turned off. When out of town I turn on indoor camera, and events. So I know if someone enters home. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d65d318d0bdc41c4a93f71f87ddf79d77547d1622794c175e89486b4f06cd537.png JRomeo How can i set this up at my house? what software are you using? what is the camera brand name? can it be used with foscam? and what free service do you use that records events? needa It's all above. Xiaomi. Yi Camera app. LOL Local storage is not an option, 1 hour of 720p takes about 6GB. I want 24x7x3. Nest gives you 1 month of 720p recording or 10 days of 1080p. The best part about Nest is that I can return it back to store, there is no deadline in my local store. PS. It's about $170, not $200 needa Not sure what you mean with the $200. If 24/7 is what you need, then definitely don't want Xiaomi. Not sure why you need that, these things are pretty good at recording motion events. I do wish I could stipulate the pixels for the motion events though. I keep my outdoor notifs turned off. Too many cars driving by during the day. LOL I replied, but its not going through says: "Hold on, this is waiting to be approved by Android Police." LOL Here is my reply https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/17f38da34d86c690f5b6be7d4317d203e0fb66d452145eef4ab3c319b7fb5263.png JRomeo I like nest cam, but where can I find an alternative that is similar without a monthly subscription? Cecil Hardwood So how is Nest doing ? I thought about investing in some of their hardware but a little concerned whether the company will be around long term. LOL Ah? They are only expending their products so far. It's​ a Google company Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 317 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 109 queries | 0.377s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 3 minute Read top 5 ads Chipotle Gets Real, Burger King Gets Googled: Top 5 Ads Of The Week Stephen Curry trains his mind for the NBA playoffs, Russell Westbrook catches a legend, and SickKids Foundation shows us the incredible strength of mom. By Jeff Beer04.14.17 | 8:21 am Okay, so it didn’t work completely as planned. But you’ve got to give Burger King credit, the idea to troll Google Home users with a quick spot that activates the smart home assistant to explain just what a Whopper is, was just the kind of marketing mischievousness we welcome from the fast feeder that brought us Subservient Chicken, Whopper Sacrifice, and the McWhopper. Sure, Google Home early adopters didn’t think an ad hijacking their precious butler tech was very funny, but for the 95% of us who don’t have the device sitting next to our couch, it’s a goofy shenanigan we’d all love to pull off. It’s the corporate version of changing your buddy’s ringtone to the Divinyls. Of course, Google wouldn’t let this ad aggression stand, but high fives to BK for having some fun (and collecting a gaggle of earned media while they’re at it). Onward! Chipotle “Confessions” What: Comedian Sam Richardson (Veep, Detroiters) gets confessional in Chipotle’s new brand campaign. Who: Chipotle, Venables Bell & Partners Why We Care: First of all, Jeffrey Tambor voiceover. Second, it’s directed by David Shane. The campaign also includes comedians Jillian Bell and John Mulaney getting real, all in the effort to convince us all to look past its food safety woes and step inside a giant burrito. Hearing Richardson talk about his severe glitter allergy is a good start . . . SickKids Foundation “Momstrong” What: The newest ad in SickKids’ ongoing “VS” campaign, that focuses on the determination, strength, and vulnerability of mothers with gravely ill children. Who: SickKids Foundation, Cossette Why We Care: Umm, we have a beating heart? The ad features real stories from real moms with kids being treated at Toronto’s Hospital for Sick Children, and some of the moms appear in the spot itself. SickKids Foundation vice-president of brand strategy Lori Davison told me earlier this week, “It was a profound emotional experience for the moms to revisit and describe those moments in their lives. It’s important for authenticity–this is always an important element for us. And so much of what SickKids Foundation needs to raise money for is connected to supporting the family. It’s important to get that message out there in a genuine way.” Jordan Brand “From Big O to Big O. #WhyNot” What: A new Jordan Brand ad to celebrate Oklahoma City Thunder star Russell Westbrook breaking the NBA’s single-season triple-double record, previously held by hall-of-famer Oscar “Big O” Robertson. Who: Jordan Brand, R/GA Why We Care: I’m a sucker for vintage sports footage. And here it helps remind us of one of the all-time greatest, in the service of putting into perspective the very modern accomplishments of Westbrook, all to the tune of Stevie Wonder’s “Higher Ground.” This is what sports ad swagger is made of. Burger King “Connected Whopper” What: A quick ad that hijacked Google Home devices by mischievously saying, “OK Google” and asking for more info about a Whopper, triggering the devices to read aloud the burger’s Wikipedia entry. Who: Burger King Why We Care: Was it divisive? Sure. The ratio of YouTube likes and dislikes is almost even–with thumbs down in the lead. Tech heads didn’t like corporate ballyhoo interrupting the voice-activated peek into our digitized utopian future. But c’mon, it’s still funny. Almost as funny as people editing the Whopper Wikipedia entry to say things like it contained “100% medium-sized child.” Kaiser Permanente “Curry Overcomes” What: A new campaign for the health care brand that introduces a different side of NBA MVP Stephen Curry’s training regimen. Who: Kaiser Permanente, Translation Why We Care: It’s stylish and interesting, but most impressive is how this spot (and the rest of the campaign) alters our expectations for what a health care ad can be. As Translation chief creative officer John Norman told me earlier this week, that was part of the plan all along. About the author Jeff Beer is a staff editor at Fast Company, covering advertising, marketing, and brand creativity. He lives in Toronto. More Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Related Stories Advertising The NBA Playoffs Are Here And Here’s How Stephen Curry Trains His Mind Advertising Nextio Gives You An Incentive To Respond To Unsolicited Email: Cold, Hard Cash Advertising The Sounds That Trigger War Trauma May Not Be What You Think Video How WeWork Created Nas’s New Office Instagram Wades Deeper Into Snapchat Territory--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Lincoln Wants To Drive You Around--And Run Your Errands This School Has No Teachers, No Lectures, And No Tuition Inside One of Facebook's Most Creative Departments How Collaborating With Tony Fadell Sparked Half A Decade Of Creativity Facebook, Uber, AirBnB: Are These Companies Givers or Takers? Ford's Newest Police Car Fights Crime And Climate Change Here’s An Update On President Trump’s Voter Fraud Allegations This Driverless Taxi Could Soon Be Your Next Ride—And Other Stories You Might’ve Missed How This Disconnected Coffee Shop Wants To Stir Up Conversation Here's A Look Inside The World's First LEED Platinum Certified Factory What It’s Like To Meditate On Top Of The World Trade Center Here’s How This Shoe Will Decompose Like Food In Your Trash Cher’s Childhood Advice From Her Mom Still Holds Up Today Headspace CEO On How He'd Prefer Employees Meditate To Their Own Happiness Rather Than Work Success Why Tony Fadell Is Betting On This Idaho Lighting Startup Why Silicon Valley Should Look Beyond A College Degree When Hiring This Could Be Your Seat To Outer Space--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Women In Science Encourage Young Girls: "You Belong In The STEM Fields" African-Americans Are Hitting Movie Theaters In Record Numbers Here's What We Learned From Uber's Diversity Report Samsung Unveils Its Latest Galaxy Phone Post-Battery Disaster How You Can Build Your Confidence By Running Through The Mud Deconstructing A Scene: Rogue One Is The Amy Schumer Backlash A Symptom Of A Bigger Problem? The Lesson Your Startup Needs To Learn From Thinx’s PR Nightmare more stories Leadership Six Job Interview Questions You Should Have Asked (Much Earlier) Leadership Quit Trying To Make Yourself “Smarter” And Do These Three Things Instead Advertising The NBA Playoffs Are Here And Here’s How Stephen Curry Trains His Mind Leadership How To Train Your Brain To Be More Innovative Ideas Ideas This Low-Cost Greenhouse Is Designed To Help The Poorest Farmers Ideas Visualizing The Electric Grid In Real Time, And Other World Changing Ideas In Energy Ideas While You’re Paying Your Taxes, Big Companies Are Expertly Avoiding Paying Theirs Entertainment Entertainment “I’m Really A Rock ’N Roller”: Movie Maestro Hans Zimmer Takes Coachella Design Love Is The Color: How Paisley Park Fostered Prince’s Creativity Advertising Chipotle Gets Real, Burger King Gets Googled: Top 5 Ads Of The Week Co.Design Graphics Why You Should Always Let Somebody Else Pick Your Profile Picture Product Bring The Memphis Group Into Your Home With These Stunning Blankets Product A UI To Make You Fall In Love With Conserving Water Fast Company Ideas This Low-Cost Greenhouse Is Designed To Help The Poorest Farmers Entertainment “I’m Really A Rock ’N Roller”: Movie Maestro Hans Zimmer Takes Coachella Ideas Visualizing The Electric Grid In Real Time, And Other World Changing Ideas In Energy Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Supplements Archive Spice Home Aspire Woman Simply Delhi News Magazine Cover Story facbook twitter googlepluse 20 global Indians From Silicon Valley to the boardrooms of Wall Street and Canary Wharf, overseas Indians have long walked the corridors of global corporate power. Ananth Krishnan  Follow @ananthkrishnan   Ananth.Krishnan@intoday.com April 13, 2017 | UPDATED 17:39 IST A +A - Photo: Reuters From Silicon Valley to the boardrooms of Wall Street and Canary Wharf, overseas Indians have long walked the corridors of global corporate power. Now they are also making a mark in world politics, cinema and art. When immigrants around the world are feeling under siege, the Indian diaspora is coming of age and defying stereotypes. In the US, the daughter of Sikh immigrants from Amritsar is the unlikely face of President Donald Trump's foreign policy at the UN, while the daughter of a Chennai doctor, elected the country's first Indian-origin senator, is emerging among Trump's fiercest opponents. In the UK, another daughter of India, born to Gujarati immigrants who fled persecution in Uganda, became one of the most prominent campaigners for Brexit. Indians overseas are emerging among the most powerful advocates for tolerance and openness. From the CEOs of the world's two biggest tech giants to actors and artists, they have spoken strongly as the movement of people across borders comes under increasing threat. The world listens when they speak. And at a time of growing global uncertainty, their voices are needed more than ever before.   Rank: 1 SUNDAR PICHAI Age: 44, CEO, Google Inc. THE FUTURIST Because he became the highest-paid CEO in the US last year and is worth close to $1 billion. Because he has taken forward Google's transformation into the world's most advanced player in Artificial Intelligence and machine learning. Because he took a public stand against US President Donald Trump's immigration ban when silence would have been a much safer option as a prominent CEO, and raised $4 million for refugees from Syria. Because he is betting big on Digital India, with Wi-Fi enabled by Google now being used by millions in more than 110 railway stations. FEELING LUCKY Returning to his alma mater IIT Kharagpur this year, he not only left students inspired but also in splits over how he had to sneak into the women's hostel as he courted fellow student Anjali, now his wife.   Rank: 2 SATYA NADELLA Age: 49, CEO, Microsoft Corp. CLOUD NINE Because Microsoft stock is now trading at the highest levels since the year 2000, and he has accomplished what naysayers warned three years ago was Mission Impossible-reviving the sleeping tech giant. Because he has made Microsoft cool again after a lost decade where it was left eating the dust of Apple, Facebook and Google, with the company last year introducing a well-received new tablet and Xbox. ALL IN THE FAMILY Nadella has known his wife, Anupama, since childhood. Both Nadella senior, B.N. Yugandhar, and Anupama's father, K.R. Venugopal, served as secretaries to P.V. Narasimha Rao. WORDSMITH Nadella's book Hit Refresh will be published this autumn.   Rank: 3 NIKKI HALEY/ NEW Age: 45, US Ambassador to the United Nations TRUMP CARD Because she is now the face of the Trump administration to the world and has the unenviable task of reassuring 200-plus countries that he won't be a disaster. Because she has become for the world's diplomats a key conduit to the still unpredictable Trump White House and will play a major role in shaping India's relations with Trump's America. Because the former South Carolina governor was confirmed in her new post with 96 senators' support and only four against. IN HER FOOTSTEPS Haley, born Nimrata Randhawa, has said the example of her mother Raj Kaur Randhawa, who according to Haley could have become India's first female judge if not disallowed by family, will spur her on to fight for women's rights.   Rank: 4  GOPICHAND P. HINDUJA Age: 77, Co-chairman, Hinduja Group ENVOY AT LARGE Because the Mumbai-born British tycoon known as 'GP' and brother Srichand P. Hinduja remain UK's richest Asian with a net worth of $24 billion. Because he is set to play a key role in India's relations with post-Brexit Britain. Because he has been consistently bullish on India's economic prospects, now emerging as a brand ambassador for the Modi government. Because he is pledging $10 billion to invest in distressed infrastructure, power projects and solar plants for 1 GW in India. PIECE OF HISTORY The group clinched a ?350 million deal in 2016 to acquire the War Office Building, once Winston Churchill's office, for a luxury hotel project.   Rank: 5  INDRA NOOYI Age: 61, Chairperson and CEO, PepsiCo FORTUNE'S FAVOURITE Because she was appointed to Donald Trump's newly created strategic policy forum that will set the economic agenda for the new administration. Because she has batted strongly for women in male-dominated corporate America. Because PepsiCo stock rose 10 per cent last year, earning Nooyi a 15 per cent hike in compensation to $29.8 million for her leadership. IN LETTER AND SPIRIT Nooyi writes more than 400 letters to the parents of PepsiCo's employees every year, thanking them for the contributions of their children.   Rank: 6 ANIL AGARWAL Age: 63, Founder and Chairman, Vedanta Resources GOLD MINE Because he has steered the resources giant through turbulent times in world commodity markets, diversified the group's interests, and is now reaping the benefits as prices rebound. Because he has in the past year expanded the company's presence in India, from the country's first $10 billion LCD manufacturing plant that will come online next year to the long-planned mega merger with Cairn India. UNDER FIRE The company has been attempting an image makeover, from clean energy projects to sponsoring events such as the Jaipur Lit Fest in London, after criticism for reported environmental violations and displacing tribal people for its Niyamgiri mining project in Odisha. Rank: 7 KAMALA HARRIS Age: 52, US Senator ONE TO WATCH Because the daughter of a doctor from Chennai became the first Indian-American to be elected to the US Senate, from California. Because she lent a powerful voice to the millions who joined the women's march on Washington the day after Trump's inauguration, pledging to continue the fight on issues such as abortion. Because Harris, an attorney, is becoming a leading figure in reviving the Democratic Party as it searches for new leadership after Hillary Clinton's defeat. QUICK START The first bill introduced by Harris was to guarantee legal access for those detained under President Donald Trump's travel ban.   Rank: 8 SHANTANU NARAYEN Age: 53, Chairman, President & CEO, Adobe Systems DIGITAL DON Because he was elected this year as chairman of Adobe Systems to add to his titles of CEO and president, a strong vote of confidence on his record of leading one of the world's most recognised digital companies. Because Adobe reported record revenues of $5.85 billion last year. Because he has shepherded Adobe's transformation from a software provider to one of the biggest global cloud computing powerhouses. BEFORE INSTAGRAM Narayen first founded Pictra, a digital photo-sharing company, before joining Adobe in 1998.   Rank: 9 AJAY BANGA Age: 56, President and CEO, MasterCard SMART CARD Because one of the world's biggest digital payments companies grew under his leadership last year, with its stock rising by a record 22 per cent. Because the Delhi University and IIM graduate heads the influential US India Business Council, which will play a key role in advising Donald Trump's Washington on ties with India. Because he spoke out for immigrants after Trump's 'Muslim ban' despite being part of the President's CEOs Town Hall. HERO OF THE HUNGRY Under Banga, MasterCard was felicitated by the World Food Programme for enabling electronic payments for more than 2 million Syrian refugees.   Rank: 10 FAREED ZAKARIA Age: 53, Journalist WORLD'S GPS Because he re-emerged last year as among America's most credible voices during a turbulent election, overcoming a storm of controversy over plagiarism allegations Because he remains one of the world's most influential journalists, shaping opinion through his flagship foreign affairs show on CNN and his columns in The Washington Post. Because he is among the most persuasive advocates of globalisation and free trade at a time when his country is divided over building walls. TRUMPED UP The usually sober anchor has surprised viewers with colourful and forthright language he has used for Trump, describing him several times as a "bullsh*t artist" and using the b-word no less than four times on live TV.   Rank: 11 YUSUF HAMIED 80, Chairman, Cipla THE CRUSADER Because Cipla is becoming even more global, making inroads into its final frontier, the United States, where it acquired two pharma companies for $550 million. Because his four decade tenure at Cipla has seen the company emerge as the world's largest producer of antiretrovirals, treating millions in India and Africa at a fraction of the market cost. Because at 80, the crusader of Cipla is still going strong in his global push to make drugs more affordable. HISTORY SEEKER Born to an Indian father and Lithuanian mother, Hamied had a statue in Lithuania built for Hermann Kallenbach, the Jewish Lithuanian architect who was Mahatma Gandhi's close friend in South Africa. Rank: 12 LAKSHMI N. MITTAL Age: 66, Chairman & CEO, ArcelorMittal STEEL IN HIS SPINE Because he doubled his net worth last year, to around $15.9 billion. Because his company weathered the collapse in the global steel industry. As steel prices recovered, ArcelorMittal recorded its biggest rise in earnings in seven years. Because his company will, in the coming year, put its weight behind Make in India, completing a joint venture with the Steel Authority of India for a Rs 5,000 crore plant for specialised steel products. FREE KICK Possessing a keen interest in sports, Mittal owns a stake in English football club Queens Park Rangers. Rank: 13 DEV PATEL / NEW 26, Actor THE CUB KING Because the Slumdog Millionaire star has become the first stop for anyone casting an Indian man in a Hollywood movie. Because he has built an impressive resume, working with Hollywood's best, from Nicole Kidman in Lion to Jeff Daniels in the critically acclaimed TV series The Newsroom. Because of his widely praised performance in Lion, which earned him the first BAFTA award, beating favourites Mahershala Ali, Hugh Grant and Jeff Bridges, and a first Oscar nomination for best supporting actor. NET WORTHY Patel's offscreen charm and humility have added to his popularity. He set the web alight after taking his mother as his date to the Academy Awards and for the adoring looks he gave his young Lion co-star Sunny Pawar.   Rank: 14 AZIZ ANSARI 34, Actor and Comedian MASTER OF THE LAUGH Because the Parks and Recreation star underlined his status as one of Hollywood's hottest comedic talents with his critically acclaimed Netflix series Master of None earning him a Golden Globe nomination for best actor. Because of his eloquent monologue that delivered a stirring call for racial unity, when he was given the honour of becoming the first Indian-origin host of the widely watched show Saturday Night Live, the day after Trump's inauguration. SUBTEXT Ansari co-authored a book on dating, Modern Romance, that studied the (often poor) texting habits of millennials. His advice: Don't ever begin a courtship with a generic greeting ("Heyyyy!") and avoid lazy spelling ("Dat wud b gud"). Rank: 15 PRITI PATEL/ NEW Age: 44, UK Minister for International Development, MP THE POSTER WOMAN Because she was a vocal advocate for Britain leaving the EU and played a key role in last year's Brexit campaign. Because she is a leading figure for the 1.5 million-strong Indian community in Britain. An "Indian diaspora champion", she works to strengthen the community's links with the government. Because in her dual roles as minister and diaspora champion, Patel is well placed to play a key role in India's economic relations with post-Brexit Britain. NEO THATCHERITE Patel is part of a new breed of politicians who, despite their immigrant roots, are staunchly right-wing and Conservative. Rank: 16 SALMAN RUSHDIE Age: 69, Writer SULTAN OF SURREAL Because he remains one of the world's most influential writers, evidenced by the huge interest in his soon-to-be-published novel, The Golden House. Because he speaks truth to power, from advocating against China's imprisonment of writers and activists to lambasting Trump and the fake news tide. Because he gives as good as he gets on social media, pulling no punches in tweets to his 1.26 million followers. DELAYED REACTION The Swedish Academy, which selects the literature Nobel, last year finally condemned Ayatollah Khomeini's fatwa against Rushdie for The Satanic Verses. The 27-year-late condemnation came after Iranian state media outlets raised another $600,000 to add to Khomeini's 'bounty'.   Rank: 17 DR. SANJAY GUPTA Age: 47, Neurosurgeon and Journalist TELLY DOCTOR Because the Emmy Award-winning chief medical correspondent for CNN remains among the world's most influential journalists. Because the globe-trotting journalist continues to shine his spotlight on global health issues that often struggle to find space in mainstream media. Because his widely watched CNN show, Vital Signs, has redefined health reporting. MEDICAL DETECTIVE Gupta is reportedly in talks with US channel ABC for a new medical drama, based on his life, telling the story of doctors working for a news television channel who travel the country solving medical mysteries.   Rank: 18 WARIS AHLUWALIA/ NEW Age: 42, Designer and Actor MR MULTI-CULTURAL Because the Sikh actor and designer, who always wears his turban proudly, has turned prejudice into a message for tolerance-from getting kicked off an Aeromexico flight in 2016 and being called 'Osama bin Laden' in New York to having the NYC mayor declare October 19 as Ahluwalia Day. Because he has transitioned seamlessly from quirky and memorable roles in the Wes Anderson films The Darjeeling Limited and The Grand Budapest Hotel to starting his own designer label, House of Waris. MESSAGE TO TRUMP Amid a spike in racially motivated attacks, Ahluwalia had a strong message for Trump at the India Today Conclave in March when he said it was time to "find your humanity, find your truth". Rank: 19 ANISH KAPOOR Age: 62, Sculptor ARTIST AS ACTIVIST Because his sculp-tures and installations have become perhaps the most sought-after landmarks for cities around the world, from Chicago's Cloud Gate to the ArcelorMittal Orbit, Britain's largest piece of public art. Because he has championed the rights of refugees and become a regular visitor to refugee camps around the world, at a time when many in Europe are championing building walls, not bridges. Because Kapoor, who is Jewish, last year became the fourth winner of the prestigious $1 million Genesis Prize, sometimes known as the Jewish community's Nobel, and donated his earnings to the cause of refugees. BLACK MAGIC Kapoor's studio owns exclusive rights to Vantablack, the blackest artificial substance ever made.   Rank: 20 SHALABH KUMAR Age: 68, Industrialist THE CANDIDATE'S CONFIDANT Because the Chicago businessman was Trump's most prominent Indian-American supporter, claiming to have contributed $4 million to his campaign. His Republican Hindu Coalition hosted a mega bash for him. Because he enjoyed the ear of Trump the candidate, and will certainly emerge as a key conduit to the White House for Indian interests, even if the actual extent of his influence on Trump the President remains, as per critics, overstated. BETTING RIGHT Before Trump, Kumar was an early backer of Modi, arranging for three US Congressmen to visit Gujarat in 2013, pushing an American rethink on the once-barred Modi in the run-up to the 2014 general elections in India.                     For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Google# Sundar Pichai# Microsoft# Satya Nadella   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Hyundai Blue Link Now Works With Google Home/Assistant By Tyler Lee on 04/14/2017 04:51 PDT In futuristic movies, everything seems to be voice controlled, where you can wake up, tell your home AI to read you the news, make a pot of coffee, check the traffic, and so on. That future is almost here as more companies are starting to make their devices smarter than ever. For Hyundai owners, it seems that the company’s Blue Link app just got more functional. In an announcement on its website, Hyundai has revealed that its Blue Link now works with Google Home and Google Assistant. This was actually demonstrated earlier this year at CES 2017, but we guess the feature is finally here. What this means is that users will now be able to control their connected cars using Google Home/Assistant. According to Hyundai, “The Blue Link Agent for the Google Assistant allows control of various functions of a Hyundai vehicle with simple voice commands. These commands can include “Ok Google, Tell Blue Link to start my Santa Fe and set the temperature to 82 degrees, “Ok Google, Tell Blue Link to send the address of the Empire State Building to my Sonata”, and “Ok Google, ask Blue Link to unlock my car”.” In addition to this announcement, Hyundai also revealed that in a bid to get more users using the features, Blue Link Connected Care, Remote, and Guidance packages are now free for 3 years on all 2018 Hyundai models. Filed in Gadgets >Transportation. Read more about Apps, google assistant, google home and hyundai. Related Articles 2017-04-13 Google Home Can Keep An Eye On Airline Prices For You 2017-04-12 Burger King’s Ad Tries To Purposely Activate Google Assistant 2017-04-10 Google Home To Get Multi-User Support 2017-04-09 Google Assistant Shopping Lists Will No Longer Be Saved In Google Keep 2017-04-06 Google Assistant Button Now Available In Allo 2017-01-03 Google Home Can Now Remotely Control Your Hyundai Car 2016-12-30 Hyundai’s Next Fuel Cell SUV Could Have A 348 Mile Range 2016-11-15 Hyundai Integrates Amazon’s Alexa Into Its Blue Link Car App Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Some Nintendo Switch Owners Are Reporting Warped Consoles Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 21 Plus 1 on G+ 41 Share on Facebook 46 Share on Twitter Total Shares108 Applications Downloads News Google-owned smart home company Nest has added yet more helpful new features to its popular app. Easily one of the best looking Android apps out there, Nest manages to introduce thoughtful, incremental improvements with each version bump. This time round we're treated to Google Smart Lock integration and new Nest Cam notifications. The Nest app supports Google Smart Lock, letting you log in to your Nest app without needing to remember your password Nest Cam lets you set notifications for motion activity, person alerts (with a Nest Aware subscription), or both. Family members can set their own notification settings Discover new Works with Nest partner products through the in-app catalogue The addition of Google Smart Lock will make it super easy for you to access the Nest app. Let's face it: nobody likes having to remember passwords. And the ability for different family members to set their own distinct Nest Cam notifications is exactly the kind of well thought out enhancement we've come to expect from Nest. These add to the Nest app's already impressive list of features to help you control devices such as the Learning Thermostat and Protect alarm, as well as the aforementioned Nest Cam. To check out the latest version of the Nest app download from the Play Store or manually from APK Mirror. Download: Nest (Play Store) Tags app update apps Google nest update subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale ... Next Story [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments bozzykid Sweet. I think that makes a whopping 2 major apps using Google Smart Lock (Nest and Netflix). Clearly it is catching on! Stephen Cornwell I have at least half a dozen apps which use it, on both my phone and Android TV box. Stephen Cornwell They still haven't updated the shitty software limitation to a handful of timezones, making the cameras useless anywhere outside the approved countries. Jordan Thoms Yeah, this is so frustrating, especially since Dropcam had no issues working with any timezone. Barbaralgustafson I've made $84,000 so far this year working online and I'm a full time student. I’m using an online business opportunity I heard about and I've made such great money. It's really user friendly and I'm just so happy that I found out about it. The potential with this is endless. Here’s what I do !wr248c: ➽➽ ➽➽➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs248SmartSmart/GetPaid$97/Hour... ★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫★✫★★✫:::!wr248u:...... Willie Chalmers III Google-owned? Nest is Alphabet-owned. Jon Fridman Finally! Using the website for these features before wasn't ideal. Lars Jeppesen The camera stream on the web client still requires Flash.. wft Google? Cecil Hardwood Arlo from Netgear is the same. Lars Jeppesen It's absurd. needa These cameras are the epitome of a money grab. They stick it to you when you buy, and they stick it to you every month when you get their cloud services bill. Overpriced and Overrated. LOL Tell me which product to buy....I am leaving for 3 weeks to vacation and want to monitor my parking lot 24/7. I need WiFi and don't want some highend expensive and complicated setup needa Xiaomi Smart Cams. Also called xiaoyi small ants cam. Xiaoyi is who makes all xiaomi cameras. They run $30-$50, depending on resolution/night vision. Local storage through 8-64gb sd (need to buy). And they have cloud storage too. But I don't know the price of cloud. Alerts on your phone to motion. Pretty good app to boot. They have english and chinese versions. I got mine a couple of years ago so they only speak chinese, and don't have night vision, but the app is in english and is well translated. You seriously can't go wrong. You will pay a premium to get them shipped from the US though ($50-$80). I use geekbuying, gearbest, and aliexpress to shop the best prices out of China. Can also get a xiaomi router (used to be $160 for the hub router) with local storage, for cams to send motion video to for backup. Might be an overall cheaper option to cloud if that is a must. needa Remodeling my bathroom. So pardon the toilet/mess on my porch. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/61a58bcb64188654a5e2101cd25a6f5c96a99f05b0602dc777760d3a5d2f6b9e.png JRomeo how much is your subscription monthly? and is it possible to have it setup like you do without a monthly subscription? needa No subscription. It records event. Sends notification if you have them turned on. Then you download event and watch. Or you can load the live camera then scroll through and watch events as far back as recorded. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/faff67f251898c293ecc8c9d23e027d63c0fa6fe37f3d390ea57bce5f2f5eca8.png needa This is a few hours worth of recordings on scroll bar. Hence why I keep notifs turned off. When out of town I turn on indoor camera, and events. So I know if someone enters home. https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/d65d318d0bdc41c4a93f71f87ddf79d77547d1622794c175e89486b4f06cd537.png JRomeo How can i set this up at my house? what software are you using? what is the camera brand name? can it be used with foscam? and what free service do you use that records events? needa It's all above. Xiaomi. Yi Camera app. LOL Local storage is not an option, 1 hour of 720p takes about 6GB. I want 24x7x3. Nest gives you 1 month of 720p recording or 10 days of 1080p. The best part about Nest is that I can return it back to store, there is no deadline in my local store. PS. It's about $170, not $200 needa Not sure what you mean with the $200. If 24/7 is what you need, then definitely don't want Xiaomi. Not sure why you need that, these things are pretty good at recording motion events. I do wish I could stipulate the pixels for the motion events though. I keep my outdoor notifs turned off. Too many cars driving by during the day. LOL I replied, but its not going through says: "Hold on, this is waiting to be approved by Android Police." LOL Here is my reply https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/17f38da34d86c690f5b6be7d4317d203e0fb66d452145eef4ab3c319b7fb5263.png JRomeo I like nest cam, but where can I find an alternative that is similar without a monthly subscription? Cecil Hardwood So how is Nest doing ? I thought about investing in some of their hardware but a little concerned whether the company will be around long term. LOL Ah? They are only expending their products so far. It's​ a Google company Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 100 1 Year Ago Today Comparison: New Human Emojis From Android N Dev Preview 2 VS Old Yellow Blob Emojis 2016/04/14 2:47am PDTApr 14, 2016 79 2 Years Ago Today Google Posts Android 5.1 Factory Images For The Nexus 4, Nexus 7 2013, And Nexus 7 2013 LTE 2015/04/14 10:16pm PDTApr 14, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today 'Glass Updates Are Back' - KitKat Update To Bring Photo Bundles, Voice Command Sorting, Much More 2014/04/14 5:19pm PDTApr 14, 2014 5 4 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod 10.1 Nightlies Show Up For The Sony Xperia ZL 2013/04/14 8:04pm PDTApr 14, 2013 36 5 Years Ago Today [Review] Radiant Defense Is One Of The Best Tower Defense Games On Android Right Now 2012/04/14 3:26pm PDTApr 14, 2012 8 6 Years Ago Today Google Says Over 3 Billion Android Apps Have Been Installed And 350,000 Devices Are Being Activated Per Day 2011/04/14 5:26pm PDTApr 14, 2011 10 7 Years Ago Today Twitter Confirms Official Twitter App Coming To Android 2010/04/14 6:46pm PDTApr 14, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 317 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 96 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 109 queries | 0.377s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All Tech All Tech Science Phones & Gadgets Gaming 'TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN' Google creates jobsite Google Hire, but does that mean employers will be able to snoop on your grubby digital history? Google is working on a LinkedIn-style tool which employers can use to find and manage job applicants By Margi Murphy 14th April 2017, 11:34 am Updated: 14th April 2017, 11:39 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments IT comes as no surprise that a prospective boss is going to Google you before you get an interview. But now the Search giant is building its own recruitment tool which will help companies learn a LOT about its applicants. 2 The Google Hire website is live but Sun Online couldn’t log on with its Google account…for now It’s top secret project is called Google Hire. It will work similarly to LinkedIn but will let employers track and manage applications, tech website Axios reported. For now, it appears to be accessible using your personal google account, which links up your search history, your Google Plus and your YouTube account. The website appears to be in early stages of development, so you’ll need to have an invitation to sign up. Google are keeping very quiet about the project, so it’s not clear what sort of searches it could make about potential applicants. Alamy 2 Google could start the next LinkedIn, but will it have access to your search history? MOST READ IN TECH AND SCIENCE NINTEND-NO Nintendo shocks fans by scrapping popular console which was launched less than six months ago WHATSAPP WITH THAT Update means that Facebook could be nabbing your private information from THIS summer CHILLING CHALLENGE The Blue Whale 'suicide game' has been linked to hundreds of teen deaths - but what is it? TAPPED UP Perverts are attaching spy camera COAT HOOKS to back of bathroom cubicle doors to film women on the sly IT'S ALL ABOUT THE MONEY, HONEY Threesome app reveals that its kinky customers tend to be stinking rich KODI CLAMPDOWN eBay follows Amazon's lead and issues total ban on Kodi box YOUTUBE VIDEO NASTIES Sickos trick kids into watching scary videos by disguising them as Peppa Pig clips SECRET SEXT WARNING Do you know what TDTM means? Police issue guide to 'sexting code' to help parents protect their kids COLD HARD FACTS? Satellite spots massive object hidden under the frozen wastes of Antarctica AYE PAD OR NAY PAD? We review the new budget £339 iPad - but is it a bargain win or a cut price fail? iPHONE 8 RUMOURS The new Apple iPhone 8 could be delayed by WEEKS due to technical issues with its high tech design SNEAKY PEEK-ACHU? Gamers think Nintendo has accidentally revealed that Pokemon is coming to the Switch NEW WORLD ORDER The Illuminati have a WEBSITE and hundreds of thousands of people have signed up to it 'APPY DAYS! Seven ways to make space on your iPhone without deleting any apps ENTER THE MATRIX Virtual reality will soon be so advanced that humans will CHOOSE to live in computer simulations, tech firm claims VLADIMIR SHOOTIN' Russia has built a terrifying robot which can fire guns..and is sending it into Space 'PLUG AND PLAY' PIRACY Authorities are clamping down on Kodi streaming boxes - but are they legal to use in the UK? GONNA HATCH 'EM ALL Pokemon GO Easter Eggstravaganza begins today and there's lots of candy on offer Are aliens real? These unsolved space mysteries could PROVE extraterrestrials are out there somewhere But the site offers the option of using your personal account, prompting you to “sign in with Google”. If that is the case, there’s nothing stopping people creating a new account just to apply for a role. They’ll just have to make sure they don’t do any x-rated browsing while signed in. Zlatan Ibrahimovic in awkward job interview We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Topics Google Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular Uncomfortable viewing Gogglebox viewers outraged as Ellie and Izzi make vile joke about United Airlines victim TV & Showbiz Exclusive special three Jose Mourinho preparing £160MILLION double move for Romelu Lukaku and Antoine Griezmann to join Zlatan… Football TAN-TASTIC? Model with 32S boobs unveils her mahogany skin after extreme tanning jabs... and admits she wants to look… Living Revealed WE ARE MUTT AMUSED Amanda Holden blasts parents after lad, 8, calls her a 'dog' in audition for Britain's Got Talent with… TV & Showbiz Exclusive x-rated hack fury Intimate undie snaps of Loose Women star Stacey Solomon leaked alongside 'fake' X-rated photos TV & Showbiz Exclusive MILEY'S NAKED PIC LEAK Miley Cyrus is the latest celebrity targeted by hackers after private nude photos of her emerge TV & Showbiz CAN YOU BARE IT? Beauty vlogger Vanessuhh Leanne shares graphic clip of her getting her NIPPLES PIERCED Living Exclusive CHECK YOUR CHANGE There are FIFTY-FOUR different 50p coins in circulation - and our table shows some can be worth £100 Money BLUE MOONS EastEnders' Kat and Alfie seen for first time in gloomy teaser photo for gritty new BBC drama Redwater TV & Showbiz FEEL GOOD FRIDAY Nadia Sawalha ditches her curls for straight locks as Loose Women panellists undergo makeovers TV & Showbiz Moulin Rose Tyga's ex Demi Rose bares almost all in saucy burlesque-themed photoshoot TV & Showbiz Investigation SPICED OUT We reveal truth behind Spice, the cheap, nasty 'legal high' that turns users into zombies... and why it's MUCH… News BAN THE CHEATS FA to bring in retrospective bans for players who dive with panel to make rulings if not seen by referee Football CRACK ON 'World's oldest porn star' reveals the secret to his amazing stamina... and it's something we can ALL do Living Pictured Beach babes Little Mix girls show off their stunning bikini bodies as they hit the beach in Miami TV & Showbiz Just Published VLADIMIR SHOOTIN' Russia has built a terrifying robot which can fire guns..and is sending it into Space Tech IT'S ALL ABOUT THE MONEY, HONEY Threesome app reveals that its kinky customers tend to be stinking rich Tech NINTEND-NO Nintendo shocks fans by scrapping popular console which was launched less than six months ago Tech 'DEAR SIRS' Google creates jobsite..but does that mean employers could snoop on your grubby digital history? Tech WHATSAPP WITH THAT Update means that Facebook could be nabbing your private information from THIS summer Tech TAPPED UP Perverts are attaching spy camera COAT HOOKS to back of bathroom cubicle doors to film women on the sly Tech App’ily comfortable This blow up sheet can warm or cool sleepers at the same time - AND makes the bed Tech No strings attached We put the Marshall Monitor and BeatsX to the test in a wireless headphones showdown Tech Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Advertisement Edition: UK عربي (Arabi) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX Québec (En Francais) QC South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Front Page NEWS POLITICS LIFESTYLE PARENTS TECH YOUNG VOICES COMEDY ENTERTAINMENT STYLE WHAT'S WORKING BLOGS Advertisement THE BLOG Four Essential Steps Towards Getting Your Business Noticed Online 14/04/2017 12:06 Sasha G Brown Business person and freelance writer Your business isn't going to run itself, and if you want to be noticed in a competitive space, you must put the work in. For instance, the fancy website that you paid good money to have designed isn't going to be enough on its own to get your business noticed. It's a great first step, but there are other important steps you need take, too. The untapped potential for your business' growth is at your fingertips. Here are 4 essential steps needed if you want your business to be noticed online: 1. Add a blog to your website Studies have proven that adding a blog to your website helps your business acquire more customers and improves your ranking on Google. Search engines like Google will reward you for posting a helpful and valuable piece of content such as an informative blog post. Your Google ranking matters if you want your business to get noticed online. Adding a blog to your website also helps you sell yourself to potential customers. You can explain how your business works through engaging and interesting blog posts, and a blog post is a shareable piece of content, so it's a great marketing tactic. It's not very difficult to start a blog, and for a small fee you can hire a freelance writer to be responsible for two to four blog posts per week that pertain to your business. It'll pay off, I promise. In a recent article entitled How To Start A Blog: The Untold Guide, author Loraine Couturier explains: "Blogging gives businesses a chance to not only put up fresh content on a regular basis, but also to stay in touch with the readers and build a loyal fan-base, which can eventually be converted into a paying audience." In other words, when a potential customer visits your website, reading an interesting blog post could be the reason they convert into a paying customer. 2. Use your expertise to guest post on well-known publications If you run an online business, chances are you're a smart individual with some strong skillset and experience. Use that experience to land opportunities to guest post on other websites, blogs and publications. Pitch any publications that have a decent audience of your target market, and explain why they should let you contribute a guest post. In your guest post, you can include a backlink to your website which is another great way to get your business noticed. Many publications accept contributing writers and would be happy to accept your guest post if it's well-written, educational and original work that hasn't been published elsewhere. For the publication, it's just another quality piece of free content they can post - but for you, it's a chance to drive traffic to your website and perhaps land a new customer or two. Some publications let their guest post authors feature their own business within a paragraph of their post if it relates to what they're writing. Although it may take some time to pitch guest post ideas to various publications, it will definitely pay off. 3. Use Instagram to promote your business Instagram is one of the best platforms for promoting a business. It's relatively easy to grow your following simply by interacting with other users, following people who follow your competition, and posting great content. You can put a link to your website in your Instagram bio and post content that relates to your business without being salesy. You can even hire Instagram influencers who boast a large following to help you spread the word about your business. Most influencers list their e-mail address in their bios and you can e-mail to ask them for their rates. Twitter and Facebook are great platforms for promoting your business, too, especially Facebook advertising, which brings us to our final tip for getting noticed online. 4. Reach your target market through Facebook advertising Facebook advertising is one of the most direct ways to reach your target demographic, and with over 1 billion monthly active users, Facebook is the number one platform to spend your advertising revenue. Plus, Facebook's detailed ad targeting allows you, the advertiser, to reach the exact type of people you're looking to reach. You can decide the age, gender, location, profession and interests of who Facebook should show your ad to. Facebook advertising also lets you spend as much or as little as you'd like per month. You can run a Facebook advertising campaign for only £10 if you want, but Facebook will predict how many people you will reach for that £10 and if it's not a high enough number, you simply adjust your budget until the predicted reach satisfies you. Now that you're aware of the extra steps needed to grow your online presence, your business will start standing out from the competition. More: Business Small Business Blogging Entrepreneurs Advertisement Suggested For You by Gravity Comments Advertisement Suggested For You Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW UK DAILY BRIEF Learn more Newsletter 1.21 M 185 K 22.5 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Four Essential Steps Towards Getting Your Business Noticed Online CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive "The Huffington Post UK" is provided by AOL (UK) Limited. © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars TECH Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable MORE Entertainment Science Health Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Cars Tech   Android Apple Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable More   Entertainment Science Health Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Image Search gets into fashion with “style ideas” JC Torres - Apr 14, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit In case you didn’t get the memo, Google Search can do more than search for text. It can also do image sources, which can be a prime source for inspiration as well as procrastination. It can be easy to get lost in the rabbit hole of results that may or may not be helpful to your end goal. To help you search smarter, Image Search is also getting smarter. At least when it comes to clothes, apparel, and accessories. Image Search’s new “style ideas” feature will let you see not only what looks good but also what looks good together. If you search, say, for a handbag, Google Image Search will notice you are searching for a piece of fashion. Instead of just suggesting related or similar images, it will surface a grid of images that show how that bag might look when used in real-life, whether it will clash with the clothes and shoes you have, or vice versa. Of course, Image Search will still show related images, but it will be smarter about those as well. It won’t just surface other bags but other bags that might suit your fashion tastes or at least similar in style to the one you’re looking for. More than just showing off Google’s fashion sense, it is yet another opportunity for the tech giant to showcase its machine learning prowess in analzying images and grouping them into similar styles, something that’s more subjective than quantitative. Curiously, this puts Google Image Search almost at odds with Pinterest, whose primary use case is something similar. Google Image Search style ideas is available on the Android Search app. iOS users need not worry because it will also be available on the mobile web. Desktop users, however, seem to be left out of the fashion party this time around. SOURCE: Google Tags googlegoogle searchmobileSearch Must Read Bits & Bytes What Xbox One’s self-service refunds mean for consumers SlashGear’s Best of the 2017 New York Auto Show Why Cadillac Super Cruise out-Autopilots Tesla’s autonomous tech Lenovo X1 Carbon (5th Gen) Review: Almost perfect Cadillac’s answer to Tesla Autopilot won’t activate off highways Latest Headlines Sennheiser MKE 2 elements is a waterproof microphone for GoPro Apr 14, 2017 Galaxy S8 orders are shipping early at T-Mobile Apr 14, 2017 Microsoft and Porsche strike partnership for Forza franchise Apr 14, 2017 Verily Study Watch is a health wearable designed for medical use Apr 14, 2017 HTC One X10 arrives: 2-day battery, 16MP camera, fingerprint sensor and more Apr 14, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo X1 Carbon (5th Gen) Review: Almost perfect Apr 11, 2017 Chuwi Hi10 Plus Review Apr 9, 2017 Snipperclips review: A great Nintendo Switch co-op puzzle game Apr 7, 2017 2017 Jaguar F-PACE 35t Prestige Review: A crossover with claws Apr 5, 2017 Huawei Honor 8 Pro Review Apr 5, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Don't Miss: A.I. in the driver’s seat with the enterprise IT Salary Survey 2017: Highlights Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V: More secure, but not faster IT Resume Makeover: Transitioning from IT pro to IT leader What it takes to become an application security engineer Review: Amazon QuickSight covers the BI basics More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home IT Management IT Industry News Analysis Tech firms crowd into San Francisco, but it’s still no Silicon Valley For more than 40 years, Silicon Valley has been as much about a state of mind as about geography. Is that about to change? Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By David Needle Computerworld | Apr 14, 2017 3:01 AM PT Credit: Salesforce.com More like this Get to know the Premier 100 Class of 2017 7 things Silicon Valley needs to stop doing in 2017 Top 10 U.S. cities for employee happiness Video Mingis on Tech: Energy microgrids, what's up with Apple TV -- and drones! SAN FRANCISCO -- Silicon Valley is having growing pains. Stanford and Palo Alto, where Bill Hewlett and David Packard formed Hewlett Packard, were long considered the birthplace of Silicon Valley. But as chip and other hardware firms grew up further south, San Jose declared itself the "Capital of Silicon Valley." The area is littered with tech giants, from Apple and HP to Intel, Cisco and eBay. "In a 15-mile radius you have six of the top 10 technology companies in the world and the largest body of highly successful talent pools," said Jed Yueh, chairman and founder of Delphix, a data virtualization company based in Redwood City -- just south of Belmont, Calif.-based Oracle. While other places aspire to be "the next Silicon Valley" -- even Cuba hopes to get into the mix -- Yueh said the original has a unique advantage. He calls it a self-sustaining "power cycle" where top universities like Stanford spawn startups that are funded by nearby venture capital firms, then grow to be giants (think Google) that spawn their own spinoffs. Invent, rinse and repeat. "I built my first tech company in Southern California, but the second one, Delphix, in the Bay Area," said Yueh. "If you can't get the talent to move to you, you move to where the talent is." Little room to grow But the Silicon Valley of old is running out of space and many millennials, the new generation of knowledge workers, want to be closer to, if not in, a city with nightlife and culture. That's led the likes of Google, Yahoo, Cisco and others to open big offices in San Francisco. Spurred by tax incentives, Twitter set up its headquarters in the City by the Bay in 2006, and there it remains. Magdalena Petrova Twitter's headquarters in San Francisco as seen on February 3, 2017. Salesforce.com never even wanted to be in Silicon Valley. The company started in San Francisco 18 years ago and never looked back. "We were born and bred in San Francisco, this is our world headquarters," Elizabeth Pinkham, executive vice president of Global Real Estate at Salesforce, said during a ceremony last week to preview the company's new 61-story office tower. The building is set to open next year. Anchor tenant Salesforce will occupy floors 3 to 30 as well as 60 and 61 and already has offices in two adjacent buildings. The CRM firm, in fact, is the largest tech employer in the city and hopes to have as many as 10,000 employees within three years. David Needle At the "topping off" ceremony for Salesforce.com's office tower in San Francisco,  officials were flanked by clergy offering blessings for the project. But as Salesforce reaches for the sky in San Francisco, other companies like Apple are looking to spread out across the shrinking amount of commercial real estate farther south. The company's nearly-ready "spaceship campus" championed by the late Steve Jobs includes a 2.8-million-square-foot main building encased in the world's largest panels of curved glass. It's expected to open later this year. If Apple's new headquarters is the ultimate Silicon Valley campus, it's nothing Salesforce aspires to. "We have an urban, vertical campus," said Pinkham. "We're in the heart of the city where employees go out for lunch and use public transportation. We don't do free lunches (a la Google) and gyms, we're a part of the community." Apple Apple's new campus will open later this year. San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee went even farther to extol why his city is a good bet for millennials. "We have this incredible mix of faiths, languages and international cultures in San Francisco. It gives you that sense, if you are developing or designing products, that you're part of the world and having an impact," Lee said in an interview at the Salesforce event. "There's a vibrancy here with different cultures that attracts people. That's why younger workers spend so much money to live here -- they're attracted to the city and our values." Hardware versus software Silicon Valley veteran Bruce Karsh thinks San Francisco makes a lot of sense for some tech companies, but not all. "Silicon Valley started with all these hardware companies doing microprocessors and computers, but when software became big, that was a big break. That's when you started to see these companies head north toward San Francisco, because younger people wanted to be closer to the city and hang out in coffee shops with their MacBooks," said Karsh, who has worked for Yahoo and Google and now works for Pandora in Oakland, another Bay Area urban area attracting tech companies. "With software and the web development, especially now with cloud services, you don't need a lot of the infrastructure and space that hardware companies need," Karsh said. Analyst Tim Bajarin agrees. "The big shift was the Internet boom. When the Internet expanded, it became a powerful force that fundamentally changed the need for physical location," said Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies. Still, the Valley remains a magnet for traditional tech firms. Take Celestica, for example. The global design and manufacturer of advanced hardware opened a new Silicon Valley Customer Experience Center March 29 in Santa Clara. The company also has manufacturing facilities in nearby Fremont and San Jose. "You can draw a three-mile circle around the new Center and hit the majority of our customers," said Celestica CEO Rob Mionis. The Toronto-based company has factories in 20 locations in 14 countries and 27,000 employees worldwide. "Silicon Valley is home to many of our customers and partners and future partners," said Mionis. "You add in all the VC money and innovation coming out of the Valley and it's easy to see why we need to be here." The demand for talent that led some firms to move to San Francisco or open offices there has sometimes yielded mixed results. Magdalena Petrova The logo in front of Google's San Francisco office as seen on February 10, 2017. City vs. country life "Because affordable housing is so spread out, residents of Silicon Valley miss out on a lot of community aspects because it is rare for co-workers to live near each other. This is less true in San Francisco since the goal of these offices is to attract millennials who live in the city," said Brian McClendon, until recently vice president of maps and business platform at Uber. McClendon is moving to his home state of Kansas, but continues as a part-time advisor to the ride-sharing firm and makes regular visits to its San Francisco headquarters. "The general feeling is that it's now hard to hire engineers in San Francisco," he added. "They're all well-employed, so you're trying to attract non-San Francisco engineers North and that's going to be hard (speaking personally)." Twenty-six-year-old Shravan Reddy has the best of both worlds: He lives near where he went to school (Stanford) and commutes to Dropbox in San Francisco where he's an engineering manager. "There are way more meetups in the city and it's nice for people who want to go to bars and things like that," said Reddy. "But I prefer the (warmer) weather on the Peninsula and the local gym where I play basketball." Warning signs Even as tech firms push into the city, residents of the region are looking to escape. In a recent poll by the Bay Area Council, 40% said they want to move away in the next few years. That's a significant bump from the 33% who said the same thing in 2016. Even worse, a story on the survey by The Mercury News noted that 46% of millennials want to leave the Bay Area in the next few years. They point to traffic and skyrocketing housing costs as the main reasons. "It turns out that we were wrong about millennial preferences, the stories were wrong that millennials wanted to live in a hyper-urban environment and that it would be OK to raise families in a condo," said Micah Weinberg, president of the Bay Area Council's Economic Institute. "Millennials are putting off family formation, but when they have a family, they want what their parents had: a house on a nice lot pretty close to work." Related: IT Industry IT Careers David Needle is a technology journalist based in the Silicon Valley. Follow 10 hidden features in the new Windows 10 Creators Update You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon What Readers Like China reminds Trump that supercomputing is a race China said it plans to develop a prototype of an exascale supercomputer by the end of this year,... Why you should start using Google Keep right away Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go FCC reverses net neutrality ISP transparency rules The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has voted to roll back some net neutrality regulations that... Trump eyes an H-1B visa aimed at ‘best and brightest’ President Donald Trump is considering a new way of distributing the H-1B visa to ensure they go to the... Popular Resources White Paper 10 Things You Need to Know about Hybrid Cloud White Paper 3 Reasons To Avoid Piecemeal Network-Building In Healthcare IT White Paper 6 Tips to Help You Buy Colocation Like a Pro White Paper Bridge the Talent Gaps in Your IT Team White Paper Compliance Does Not Equal Security Go Top Stories Toshiba’s memory biz sale attracts many, including Apple Apple may be considering partnering with its China-based supplier Foxconn to purchase a major stake in... Quantum computing advances toward the enterprise It may still sound like science fiction, but quantum computing could be a reality within a decade. 7 ways Android and Windows 10 can work well together You can sync reminders between an Android device and a Windows 10 PC, share files and more – if you... Windows as a service? Now, there’s an argument for Linux Microsoft wants to control your Windows 10 desktop. Now are you ready to try a Linux desktop? Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google’s new Chrome update has the one new feature you’ve been waiting for Chris Smith BGR News April 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Ever found yourself scrolling through a web page only to discover it would jump back to the top once it actually finished loading a slow element? Well, Google thinks that’s an annoying problem that needs fixing, and now the Chrome browser will finally fix it for you. Don't Miss: It looks like Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design might be even more impressive than the iPhone 8 Google explained in a blog post that a new feature called scroll anchoring will prevent such behavior in the future, especially on mobile devices. “These annoying page jumps typically happen when the website inserts an image or other content above the visible area, pushing down what’s on the screen,” Google said. “With the newest Chrome update, we’re introducing something called scroll anchoring, which locks the content you’re currently looking at to the screen, keeping you in the same spot so you can keep reading.” The best part here is that Google will also fix an unwanted side effect of page jumping. Page jumps can cause accidental clicks on certain links on a page. You may want to click a specific link only to find that you’re heading in a different direction thanks to a page jump that forced you to tap or click the wrong link. That may even have some serious security implications when loading shady pages with links to even more suspicious places — hey, it can happen. In a nutshell, the new scroll anchoring feature will let you continue to read the article you were scrolling and click on the links you wanted to access in the first place without having to deal with any page jumping. Here’s the feature in action on Android: Trending right now: A lot of people don’t like Netflix’s new ratings system Amazon just discounted the Echo Dot for the first time this year How badly do you want this stunning Galaxy Note 8 concept to be real? See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, Part 1 Yahoo Tech This gadget can turn an ordinary surface into a smart controller Yahoo Tech This is the adapter Apple should have included with every iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus BGR News Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Jeff Bezos describes one change some Amazon employees hated Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: How to forward a text message Yahoo Tech Amazon is offering a rare discount on the Nest Thermostat BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Jeff Bezos: Nobody asked for one of our most popular services Yahoo Tech The 20 highest-paying tech companies in America Yahoo Tech The Nokia 9 may look even better than the Galaxy S8 BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech The best ways to stream live TV without cable Yahoo Tech Fitbit’s new smartwatch has been plagued by production mishaps Yahoo Tech Sony just took the number-two spot as top-selling full-frame camera brand Digital Trends New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech Why Silicon Beach will still lure tech talent despite skyrocketing prices Yahoo Tech The government might stop searching your phone at the border, but things could still get worse Yahoo Tech This is what the iPhone 8 will look like if this morning’s leak was real BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Ford brings baby’s car-ride experience to the crib Yahoo Tech
Navigate Home Windows iPhone Android Windows 10 Web Applications Others Security Software Antivirus Software Firewall Malware and Spyware Password Manager PC Utilities Office Suites Desktop Enhancement File Converters Free Registry Cleaner Media Utilities Media Players Music Software Image & Photo Editors CD/DVD Burners Internet Tools Download Managers Email Clients Network Tools Plugins Facebook Twitter RSS Search How to Check List of URLs for 404 Errors using Google Sheets 1 By Ishan Bansal on March 26, 2016 Programming Tools Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 5    Average: 2.1/5] In this tutorial I will cover how to bulk check a list of URLs for 404 errors using Google Sheets. The process will be so simple that you will put the list of URL that you want to check for 404 or any other status code, and soon you will get status code for all the URLs. I have been using this method since last few days to check around 11,000 URLs in bulk for 404 errors, and it has been working very nicely. Takes just a few minutes to check so many URLs as these run in parallel using Google’s massive infrastructure. So, if you are a marketer, a blogger, a SEO specialist, or anyone with a need to bulk check huge list of URLs for 404 errors, this method is as easy as it gets. Of course, there are tools out there that can probably do a better job (like, Screaming Frog), but what I wanted was something that runs online and can be used by anyone for free, and Google Sheets exactly does that. So, without much ado, let’s see how to bulk check list of URLs for 404 errors. Sponsored Links In the above screenshot you can see my list of URLs on the left side, and their status code on the right side. The first cell in the last column shows the formula that I have applied. How to Check List of URLs for 404 Errors using Google Sheets: To check our URLs, we are going to add some code to Google Sheets. But don’t worry, it is amazingly simple. And you don’t need to have any technical knowledge. I am going to walk you through the exact steps required. Also, this setup is required for the first time only, and then you can keep using the same sheet again without a need to re-apply these steps. Step 1: Create a new Google Sheets. Step 2: We will add the code via Script Editor. For that, click on Tools, and then Script Editor. Step 3: This will open a blank script Editor window, as shown below. Remove all the code that is present in it. Step 4: Now comes the main part. Copy all the code below, and add it to Google Sheets. function HTTPResponse( uri ) { var response_code ; try { response_code = UrlFetchApp .fetch( uri ) .getResponseCode() .toString() ; } catch( error ) { response_code = error .toString() .match( / returned code (\d\d\d)\./ )[1] ; } finally { return response_code ; } } Once added, your Script Editor should look like screenshot below. Go ahead and click on the Save button to save the script. Now you are all set. Step 5: Close the Script Editor. Go back to your Google Sheet that you created. Now, in any column, add the list of URLs that you want to check for 404 errors or any other status code. Next to that, add this function: =httpresponse(cell that has URL) For example, if your URL is in cell A2, then above function will read =httpresponse(A2) This will replace the function with HTTP status code. The URLs that are fine with give 200 status code, while the ones that have problem might give codes like 404, 500, 400 etc. You can see list of HTTP Status Codes here. Do the same for all the URLs. As I said, I have been using this with more than 11,000 URLs, and it works absolutely fine. Do note that once you add the function, nothing might happen immediately. Give it some time to return the result. Here are a few tips based on my experience of working with a huge list of URLs: If you open that Google Sheets again, it might again start fetching fresh status code data for all the URLs, which might make the sheet unresponsive for a while. So, as a practice, once I have all the info I need, I remove the formula from the column and then close the sheet, so that next time I open, it opens immediately. Google Sheets recalculates the value of the function frequently. This might happen even if nothing changes. During that time, the sheet might become unresponsive. So, the best option is that once the status codes for all the URLs have been found, copy them to an Excel. For the reason mentioned above, don’t try to do any further calculation on those URLs in Google Sheets. For example, it might not be a good idea to create pivot table etc. Instead, copy the data from this Google sheet to another Google Sheet or Excel, and perform any further calculations there. Use this sheet to just get status codes of URLs. Conclusion: This Google Sheet is a powerful tool in my arsenal now, as it has saved me lot of time in checking huge lists for 404 or any other errors. It does not do any advanced functions, like checking redirect URLs etc., but that’s not what this is meant for. The sole purpose of creating such a sheet was to be able to quickly bulk check list of URLs for 404 errors, and that’s exactly what this does. Do you use any other method to check URLs for 404 errors? Let me know in the comments below. Source: StackOverflow. How to Check List of URLs for 404 Errors using Google Sheets reviewed by Ishan Bansal on March 26, 2016 rated 4.5 of 5 Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn more Pinterest Tumblr Email Editor Ratings: User Ratings: [Total: 5    Average: 2.1/5] Free/Paid: Free Tags: SEO John King Question. Whats the best way to add the Function to each row without having to update the function row associate value manually? Ishan Bansal Website Recent Posts By Me April 8, 2017 How to Sort Amazon by Number Of Reviews March 22, 2017 Push Notification Preview Tool To Preview on Android, iPhone, Desktop March 21, 2017 5 Best Free Borderless Video Players 14K likes 2568 followers 16098 subscribers Featured Posts April 14, 2017 5 Free Online Pitch Shifter Tools to Change Pitch of Audio Files April 14, 2017 4 Free Registry Search Software for Windows April 13, 2017 5 Free Android Weight Loss Apps April 12, 2017 5 Free Websites To Get Latest Malware, Viruses For Testing April 12, 2017 5 Free Software To Explore EXE Files Recent Posts April 14, 2017 5 Free Online Pitch Shifter Tools to Change Pitch of Audio Files April 14, 2017 How To Turn On Game Mode In Windows 10 April 14, 2017 4 Free Registry Search Software for Windows April 14, 2017 Free Online Video Chat App with Collaborative Browsing, Text Chat April 13, 2017 Try Different Google Fonts on Live Website without Making Any Changes Windows 4 Free Registry Search Software for Windows Free Excel Addin To Display Real Time Stock Price 4 Free Torrent File Editor Software For Windows iOS & Android iPhone App To Create Mixes From Spotify Music 5 Free iPhone Apps To Sleep Better And Beat Insomnia Free iPhone App That Teaches You How to Sing Web Apps Free Online Video Chat App with Collaborative Browsing, Text Chat How To Online Bulk Convert PSD To JPG 5 Free Websites To Get Latest Malware, Viruses For Testing About Us | Write for Us | Submit Software | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Disclosure | Advertise With Us Copyright © 2015 I Love Free Software. Powered by WordPress Advertisment ad adsense adlogger
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Is Apple considering a 20pc stake in Toshiba’s chip business? OK Google, did Burger King just give you a flame-grilled burn? Qualcomm hit with multimillion-dollar BlackBerry refund UK’s fresh fintech focus comes from noughties crash lessons EMIT acquires Softech’s managed services business Why Dublin is the digital hub of Europe GDPR: What customer data does your company use, and why? Susan Fowler to edit Stripe’s new software engineering magazine Facebook’s WhatsApp data-share problems could be resolved soon Longhorn hacking group linked to dozens of worldwide cyberattacks 2,224 data security breaches reported in 2016, says Data Protection Commissioner Wonga data breach sees 275,000 customer details potentially stolen Eir hit with €3m ComReg fine for missing repair obligations in 2015 Leaders’ Insights: Jackie Glynn, Three Ireland Imagine that: Irish telco joins global unified comms federation Australia gaining fourth mobile operator as TPG swoops in US-South Korea live hologram call via 5G is a world first Eir strikes deal to connect 300,000 rural homes with fibre broadband Sligo’s new Building Block aims to generate 200 start-up jobs 30 of New York’s finest start-ups to watch in 2017 From tech IPOs to tech IPAs: Interview with Metalman’s Gráinne Walsh Actility, Elmodis, Teamable and Darkstore enjoy funding hauls Theya Healthcare’s Ciara Donlon wins Laureate for Europe at Cartier Awards Quite the experience as Qualtrics raises $180m in major funding round ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Why do Gaia’s sky scans look like Easter egg wrapping? NASA announcement confirms ocean under Enceladus could harbour life Calling all researchers to take centre stage at ResearchFest 2017 Ireland way off its EU greenhouse gas emissions targets Northern Ireland college secures €5.8m for renewables project Astronomers believe they have captured the first image of a black hole Cork teens’ Irish robot to do battle at VEX Robotics World Championship New device can turn air into water using only the power of the sun Tesla reveals two new trucks as it aims to haul in new customers Autonomous wind energy drones could soon deploy off Mayo coast Magnificent age of machines returns to Belfast with IoT hackathon New version of Vantablack is now so dark, it can’t be measured How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Survival of the fittest: How to be your best self in your job Google reveals new job application service called Google Hire Google at war with US Department of Labor over pay gap Tech salaries in Northern Ireland surviving Brexit, rising in 2016 Looking for great careers advice? Look no further Maker Project will boost the STEM skills of thousands of Irish youths How to accommodate your introverted employees Beware of burnout: How high performers are more at risk ‘Any questions?’: What to ask in a job interview Starting a new job? Here’s how to spend your first few weeks HR: Can your employees speak freely to you? What do I need to know about being offered company shares? Game giant Brenda Romero to receive BAFTA for stunning career ‘Seeing the science evolve from concept to reality is the best part of research’ MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact What is it like working on the chatbot platforms of the future? Deep learning is about more than AI – it has unified research MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Drug analytics player Diaceutics announces 30 new jobs ESB International to recruit 150 of the ‘brightest minds’ in engineering Liberty IT is looking for people with a passion for technology Citrix expands Dublin office with 150 new jobs on the way Cybersecurity is one of the hottest areas in tech right now Fintech firm FundRock opens up Dublin office, hiring underway ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Can Google’s AutoDraw recognise your doodles? Facebook to hold its first ever Communities Summit in Chicago Twitter Lite is the new 1MB web service for the developing world Humans on the frontline as Facebook attempts to tackle revenge porn Adorable ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ named Irish Doodle 4 Google winner Twitter is ditching the egg avatar to shed troll image What you need to know about Tesla’s first Irish store Microsoft to finally close shutters on Windows Vista Apple to release new iMac this year, Mac Pro in 2018 Android smashes Windows and the rest is history Samsung confirms release date and specs for Galaxy S8 Apple rolls out iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 updates, plus Night Shift for Mac Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas ALL ‘We live and die by our client relationships’ Does your hiring pipeline encourage diversity? Dropbox: Seeking those who can embrace ‘We, not I’ Talking design thinking with Lesley Tully, Bank of Ireland Looking for a job? Qualtrics is currently hiring in Dublin Want an internship that’s about more than coffee? ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT All Advice People Employers Jobs Careers Google logo. Image: Open Grid Scheduler/Grid Engine/Flickr (CC0 1.0) Google reveals new job application service called Google Hire by Gordon Hunt 2 hours ago1 Share Not happy with its current list of endless tools for people and companies, Google is now looking at job application tracking systems. Around 18 months ago, Google snapped up Bebop, spending $380m on the start-up created by VMware co-founder Diane Greene. With Bebop’s productivity tools, it was unclear exactly what Google was interested in doing, though Greene soon became the company’s head of cloud operations. “Bebop is a new development platform that makes it easy to build and maintain enterprise applications,” said Google CEO Sundar Pichai at the time. “We think this will help many more businesses find great applications, and reap the benefits of cloud computing,” Now we know what those benefits mean, in Google’s eyes. Bebop has developed Google Hire, the tech giant’s entry into job application management. Hiring Now Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Help develop the future of sales and trading Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Google Hire is a job application tracking system, enabling an employer to post job listings, as well as accept, track and manage applications. Its soft release has seen a handful of companies jump on board, including CoreOS, DramaFever, Medisas, Poynt and SingleHop. Google Hire’s release makes up a busy week for the company. Google recently launched its latest machine learning experiment, calling on the public to flex their doodling skills to see if AI can guess what they’re drawing. With AutoDraw, the human has to doodle whatever shape comes to mind, and the AI must use its image-matching algorithm to determine the possibilities. Elsewhere, Google is caught up in a gender pay gap dispute in the US, after the country’s Department of Labor said it had evidence of monetary disparity between men and women at the company. In a statement released on Google’s blog, Eileen Naughton, vice-president of people operations, said: “Google conducts rigorous, annual analyses so that our pay practices remain aligned with our commitment to equal pay practices.” Naughton said the analysis used is extremely scientific, robust and blind to gender. “Our analysis gives us confidence that there is no gender pay gap at Google,” she said. Google logo. Image: Open Grid Schedule/Grid Engine/Flickr (CC0 1.0) Tweet Share Email Share More Share Pin This Reddit Related: recruitment, Google, jobs By Gordon Hunt Gordon joined Silicon Republic in October 2014 as a journalist. Unafraid of heights or spiders, Gordon spends most of his time avoiding conversations about music, appreciating even the least creative pun and rueing the day he panicked when meeting Paul McGrath. His favourite thing on the internet remains the ‘Random Article’ link on Wikipedia. Make sure you never miss an opportunity Follow us and stay informed! More from careers New device can turn air into water using only the power of the sun Why do Gaia’s sky scans look like Easter egg wrapping? How to accommodate your introverted employees Susan Fowler to edit Stripe’s new software engineering magazine Loading Read More Loading now, one moment please! Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #IPL News #Begum Jaan #Mira Road Call Centre Scam #Virat Kohli #Sunil Grover #Mumbai Crime DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES 4 hours of frenzy as TV crew leaves fake dead body in Mumbai nullah 'There may be 8,000 obstacles around Mumbai's flight path' ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Eman Ahmed Devendra Fadnavis Mira Road Narendra Modi SPORTS IPL News Cricket Football MORE IN SPORTS IPL News Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES IPL 2017: It was a good Friday for me, but not for the team, says Samuel Badree IPL 2017: Virat Kohli returns to action and is 'delighted to be back' ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbaikars, here's your chance to meet the man who inspired Aamir's role in '3 Idiots' Quiz: How well do you know your statues in Mumbai? ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Sunil Grover gets into a new 'fight'! This time, with Sunny Leone Upasana Singh hints at Sunil Grover returning to Kapil Sharma's show? ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News Prev Google launches Areo for food delivery, home services in Mumbai and Bengaluru By mid-day online correspondent | Posted 14-Apr-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Areo app launched by Google caters to food delivery and home services providers in Mumbai and Bengaluru Google has silently launched an app called the Areo app on its PlayStore in India. The app is presently available only in Mumbai and Bengaluru. Areo is a local service app that aims to act as an interface between a buyer and seller. Areo aggregates food delivery and home services start-ups in India and enables one to pay bills, order food online, call a beautician, etc. Google has collaborated with brands like UrbanClap for home services of plumbers, carpenters, beauticians, and with Box8, Faasos, Holachef, Zimmber, and Freshmenu for food delivery. The app acts this way- after clicking on it, it picks up the location of the user and then notify him about the services available near his location. If a person has to order food online, he can click on Areo, choose the items from the menu that are available in his/her location. The person can then place the order online and go ahead with the payment. Once the order is placed, it will notify users on the same. Payemnt through Areo can be done via debit card, credit card or net banking. Cash on Delivery service is also available. Areo9 has bundled together different services for the convenience of users. Google will not be responsible for deploying deliver man or home service experts at the customer’s house. It will only act as a mediator between the buyer and the seller and the later will be responsible for fulfilling the services. Google will charge them a commission for the service provided. Tags: Google Google Areo Faasos Holachef Urbanclap food delivery in Mumbai home services in Mumbai online food delivery new Google Apps lifestyle technology lifestyle news technology news Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous StoryBurger King's advertise disabled for hijacking Google Assistant Related Stories Burger King's advertise disabled for hijacking Google Assistant Technology News | 13-Apr-2017 Google accused of 'extreme' gender pay discrimination International News | 09-Apr-2017 Who's Kritika Kamra's best friend? Television News | 07-Apr-2017 Over-The-Top services like Facebook, Skype, WhatsApp to be regulated soon National News | 06-Apr-2017 YouTube Go beta app launched in India Technology News | 05-Apr-2017 Google survey reveals Sunny Leone is most searched celeb on internet, still Bollywood News | 05-Apr-2017 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Mumbai Indians stars Hardik and Krunal Pandya buy house in Andheri IPL News News|14-Apr-2017 Photos: Neetu Chandra stuns in gown with plunging neckline Bollywood News|14-Apr-2017 Oops! Sonam Kapoor deletes tweets to Abhay Deol after being trolled Bollywood News|13-Apr-2017 Watch video: Car catches fire on Western Express Highway in Mumbai National News|13-Apr-2017 These photos of 'Mohabbatein' actress Kim Sharma are amazing! Bollywood News|13-Apr-2017 'Begum Jaan' - Movie Review Bollywood News|13-Apr-2017 Photos: Malaika Arora and Amrita Arora at yoga class in Bandra Bollywood News|13-Apr-2017 Photos: Kareena Kapoor Khan and Shah Rukh Khan at Mumbai airport Bollywood News|13-Apr-2017 Mumbai Crime: Man attacked by wife's lover dies in hospital National News|13-Apr-2017 Kim Sharma slams newspaper for 'attack' with brilliant response Bollywood News|13-Apr-2017 Careful! WhatsApp 'friend' could hack into data and blackmail you Crime News|13-Apr-2017 This photo of Gauri Khan's walk-in closet is amazing! Bollywood News|12-Apr-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Heartbreaking! Despite losing weight, Eman Ahmed will never walk again National News|4 hours Sunil Grover gets into a new 'fight'! This time, with Sunny Leone Television News|6 hours Man stripped, tortured with cigarette burns for speaking against pal's wife Crime News|2 hours 4 hours of frenzy as TV crew leaves fake dead body in Mumbai nullah National News|4 hours 'Begum Jaan' - Movie Review Bollywood News|13-Apr-2017 Virar family discovers the eggs they purchased are plastic! National News|12-Apr-2017 Mumbai Crime: Man attacked by wife's lover dies in hospital National News|13-Apr-2017 Oops! Sonam Kapoor deletes tweets to Abhay Deol after being trolled Bollywood News|13-Apr-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate | Contest Terms and Conditions Go to top
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Six months on, no trace of Najeeb: Delay in tracing auto driver, no CCTV footage bring probe to halt If BJP comes to power, we will reduce power tariff by 30%: Manoj Tiwari Sinking Valley SC ban on liquor sale: It’s no more ‘high’ way for hotels Video vs video: Tailor says Army tied me to jeep, paraded me across 9 villages Home Technology Tech News Sandberg called `hypocrite’ as Facebook, Google shield pay data Sandberg called `hypocrite’ as Facebook, Google shield pay data Many companies say they pay men and women equally but loath to share data even when pressed by investors, employees and government regulators. By: Bloomberg | New York | Published:April 14, 2017 3:53 pm In a humorous video which shows blatant discrimination prepared for Equal Pay Day on April 4 by LeanIn.org,  Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg’s women empowerment group, the reality of the gender wage gap is far more complex and opaque. (Source: Bloomberg) When Grace Anderson prints out her resume, she notices 20 percent of it is missing. Still, her qualifications are so good that she’s offered the job she seeks by a man who says, “We think you’ll be pleased with the offer — that we gave someone else. You’ll be making 20 percent less.” Grace is a character in a video prepared for Equal Pay Day on April 4 by LeanIn.org, the women’s empowerment group founded by Facebook Inc. Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg. While the humorous video shows blatant discrimination, the reality of the gender wage gap is far more complex and opaque. Though many companies, including Facebook, say they pay men and women equally, they loath to share the data, even when pressed by investors, employees and government regulators. The most prominent recent example is Alphabet Inc.’s Google. A Department of Labor official said in court on Friday that it has found “systemic compensation disparities” against women at the company. In a statement late Monday, Google said it was “taken aback by this assertion, which came without any supporting data or methodology.” The DOL sued the company in January for refusing to provide compensation information as part of a compliance audit of federal contractors. The agency declined to comment, citing the ongoing case. “Very few companies have opened the black box,” said Emily Martin, vice president for workplace justice at the National Women’s Law Center. “Most have just said, ‘trust us.'”Without transparency on how compensation gap statistics are calculated, including pay and job categories used, “it’s hard to know if their analysis is credible,” she added. Calculating a gender pay gap requires a significant amount of data, said Linda Chen, a principal at Mercer, the consulting firm that performs the analyses for many companies. That could include hire date, education, role, overtime, bonus, and even performance ratings, usually taken as a snapshot at a particular point in time. Most companies store this in their human resources information systems, she said. Also Read: Sheryl Sandberg writes: Empowering women economically is good for everyone The DOL asked Google for a snapshot of its workforce as of Sept. 1, 2015, and Sept. 1, 2014, according to the lawsuit, which seeks to bar the company from federal contracts if it doesn’t comply. Google currently gets only a few million dollars annually in federal contracts, according to Bloomberg BNA. That’s a pittance compared to its $90 billion revenue last year, but the company has big aspirations for its cloud-computing business and losing the U.S. government as a potential customer would be a blow. In a blog post on Monday, Eileen Naughton, Google’s human resources chief, wrote that the company sets compensation each year using analysts who don’t know the gender of employees. If women or men, as a group, are paid a statistically significantly lower amount, Google adjusts to bring the group’s pay in line, she said. Still, Google should give the government the data it’s seeking so that it can explain the gaps the DOL is signaling, said Martin of the National Women’s Law Center. “The things they say they’re doing sound like the right kind of things,” she added. Not sharing its information “makes it look like they have something to hide.” Increased regulatory and public scrutiny of pay means that “we have seen a surge in the past couple of years in companies that are looking at it pro-actively,” said Mercer’s Chen. While working women overall make about 20 percent less than men, the gap shrinks to about 5.6 percent when controlled for specific job roles, seniority, and other factors according to Glassdoor Inc., operator of a job and career site. At tech companies, the gap is about 5.9 percent. Also Read: Facebook’s Sandberg says number of advertisers is above 5 million Many tech companies, prodded by shareholders, last year announced they had studied the amounts they pay men and women and that there either was no gap or that it was small and they were taking steps to close it. Google blocked an investor request to report on any gender pay gaps at its annual meeting last year. A former Google software engineer, Erica Baker, said in 2015 that she was reprimanded by her manager after she created a spreadsheet on the company’s internal social network where workers could share compensation information. Glassdoor on Tuesday said its salary data showed male Google employees earn about 16.3 percent more than women, but that an apples-to-apples comparison adjusted for similar jobs and backgrounds shrinks the gap to about 1.6 percent. That’s “not statistically significant from zero,” Glassdoor chief economist Andrew Chamberlain said in a blog post. But even a 1 percent pay gap companywide can be statistically significant, especially if the gap is persistent over time, said Chen, who was speaking generally and not about Google in particular. Pay audits often reveal broader issues in the workplace, such as the lack of women in a particular job category. “Pay equity is a great tip-of-the-spear analysis, because it can open up a broader range of areas that need to be addressed,” she said. “Maybe we can explain away the entire pay gap, but that doesn’t mean the work is done.” For instance, women make up just 18 percent of all software developers, according to the Institute for Women’s Policy Research. In that category, they earn 20 percent less than men. At Google, women hold 19 percent of technical jobs, according to the company’s web site. Also Read: US regulators accuse Google of underpaying female workers Some shareholders want companies to pay workers fairly, and have stepped up pressure. In the 2017 proxy season, investors have filed at least 18 pay equity proposals, according to ISS Corporate Solutions. That compares with 13 in 2016 and just one in 2015, the first year ISS recorded such actions. Both Facebook and Google are facing — and opposing — shareholder proposals on gender pay equity for the second year in a row. With insiders controlling voting rights through special classes of stock, the proposals won’t pass, but they draw further attention to the issue. Last year, almost half of the non-insider investors voted in favor of the proposal at Google, according to Natasha Lamb, director of shareholder engagement at Arjuna Capital, which filed the proposal with Proxy Impact and The Sustainability Group. But that translated into just 12 percent of voting rights because of the special shares owned by management. The proposal sought a gender pay gap measurement that included base salary, bonus and equity awards if possible, and a commitment to close any gap that was found. Proxy Impact Chief Executive Officer Michael Passoff said he held his first call with Google in March 2016 asking for more disclosure on pay structures. At the time, Google promised a fuller report by October of that year, but it didn’t come, Passoff said. “This year, they have been completely non-responsive,” he added. At Facebook, too, the Arjuna proposal failed. It will go to a vote again at the company’s annual meeting this year. “Facebook falls in the laggard category along with Google in actually disclosing their pay gap number,” Lamb said. Sandberg “has been nothing short of a hypocrite on gender pay equity — no numbers, no accountability, no authentic leadership.” Also Read: Google denies Labor Department’s pay disparity allegations Lori Matloff Goler, Facebook’s global head of human resources, said the company built systems many years ago to ensure that men and women are paid equally. She said last year that the company had no gender wage gap, and reiterated that last week. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Facebook Sheryl Sandberg No Comments. Best of Express Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: India cancels maritime talks with Pakistan amid tension EntertainmentBegum Jaan movie review: Vidya Balan tries to invest some feeling into her role which soon turns clichéd EntertainmentKarisma Kapoor's ex-husband Sanjay Kapur is now married to Priya Sachdev. See pic EntertainmentThe Kapil Sharma Show survives Sunil Grover clash, but loses out to Nach Baliye 8 in TV's top 10 EntertainmentTiger Zinda Hai: Salman Khan-Katrina Kaif look as fresh as the snow in Austria. But why aren't they together? See pics Must Read SportsAfter Tye, the noose for Rising Pune Supergiant SportsIPL 2017: Mumbai Indians’ escape artists SportsTye becomes first bowler to take hat-trick on IPL debut TechnologyAirtel unveils Double Your Holiday Surprises offer; gives 10GB free data and more TechnologyReliance Jio Prime, Dhan Dhana Dhan offer deadline today: Top 5 things to know Technology4G just in, Centre gears up to make 5G a reality by 2020 LifestyleKareena Kapoor Khan's airport style is glamorous yet comfy Apr 15: Latest News Manohar Parrikar on Pakistan: Empty vessels make the most noise Kareena Kapoor Khan’s airport style is glamorous yet comfy US’ ‘Mother of All Bombs’ killed at least 90 ISIS militants in Afghanistan: Afghan officials Kumkum Bhagya 14th April 2017 full episode written update: Will Pragya fight back? Terrorism one of gravest threats to religious freedom: Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M Jio Summer Surprise offer still available, more Jio offers coming soon Aadhaar may soon become mandatory to board plane for domestic flights Jio Summer Surprise offers extra 100GB 4G data on Prime plans above Rs 999 Jio extends free service with Summer Surprise offer: What is it and how it works Home > Technology > Google Earth to be updated to version 2.0 on April 18 Priya Pathak Last Updated: APR 14, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Google Earth is all set to receive an upgrade on coming April 18, four days before Earth Day on April 22.  It is speculated that Google Earth team may introduce some major overhaul to the service on the afore date considering the fact the company has dedicated a whole event to it this time. The event is set to take place at New York's Whitney Museum of Art at 8:30 AM ET.  Google last year launched the VR version of Google Earth but it is available only for HTC Vive headset for now. With the new update, the company may extend this support to its Daydream VR headset. Engadget has shared the photo of press invite from Google inviting for a pre-Earth Day celebration to take place in New York next week. However, not much has been revealed in the invite.  All it says about the Google Earth it will provide users with the brand new experience. This is what the invite reads exactly-"Join us for the unveiling of the new Google Earth...What...A first look at the brand new experience, just in time for Earth Day." To recall, Google Earth was originally known as EarthViewer 3D and was first   developed by a company called 'Keyhold' in 2001. Google in year 2004 acquired the app and later in 2005 renamed it to Google Earth. Also Read: Google Areo App launched in India: 5 key features to know about this hyperlocal app Google on Thursday unveiled a new application for the Android users called the Google Areo. The application is currently available on Google Play Store, however, hasn't been seamlessly rolled out to all corners of the country, and is only available in selective areas across Bengaluru, Mumbai and Delhi. To recall, the Google Areo application for Android works as a food delivery and home service application, in turn makes life much easier for people by solving most of the everyday life issue. The app let the user order food from any of their favourite food delivery app like Foodpanda, Swiggy, or any other from the same platform. Facilities doesn't end just here, as Google Areo further allow the users to call plumbers, electricians, beauticians at just a single click. It also let the users buy groceries from several other similar applications like - Bigbasket, Grofers, or any other from one single platform. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Reviews Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro review: The big friendly giant Samsung Galaxy A7 2017 review: Ticks almost all the right boxes Coolpad Note 5 Lite review: Looks can be deceiving Sony Xperia XZs review: The pint-sized RX100 IV Micromax Dual 5 review: The Greek hero with sharp looks VIDEOS CAT S60 Review: Super rugged but not for everyone Xiaomi Mi 6 and Nokia 9: What to expect Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: What is new? more Tech Tips Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India OnePlus 3 and Android Nougat: If you can't wait, get it manually in easy steps more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaAirtel Internet TV marries the old with the new in a seamless manner Javed AnwerGovt makes Aadhaar must to download map files, will it be needed next to connect to web? Priya PathakWhatsApp, Facebook addiction is as bad as cocaine craze Javed AnwerEnd of Jio Summer Surprise is no blow, TRAI advise may help Reliance Javed AnwerWhat is wrong with Micromax Dual 5 price? Hint: nothing more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Hyundai Blue Link finally gets chummy with Google Home, Google Assistant By Rei Padla - April 14, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Driving that new Hyundai vehicle you’ve been eyeing has just gotten more attractive. The South Korean car maker recently made it official that the Blue Link is now integrated with Google Home. This means the connected car service loaded in some of the latest cars from Hyundai can now work with the Google Home. This includes access to Google Assistant and command control of the car even while you’re still inside the house. If you’re preparing to go out and already want the car to turn on the aircon or remote start, say the words and Google Home will pass the message to your car. Or maybe you just got home and are not sure whether you locked the doors or not, use voice commands and the Blue Link will do the work for you. The idea of Hyundai Blue Link’s agent working the Google Assistant began as early as back in January. The smart car service with Google Home has been inevitable. It’s already expected and we know other similar connected services will also follow. Before Google Home and Google Assistant, the Blue Link was already connected to the Amazon Echo. Hyundai is offering the Blue Link on all 2017 IONIQ models and 2018 vehicles for FREE up to three years. We’re hoping this will encourage more people to sign up and use the platform. The Blue Link is also available for Android Wear so you can access and control your car from your smartwatch. Some of the things you can do include remote door locking/unlocking, remote start with climate control, and receive alerts for vehicle health, valet, alarms, or speed. Blue Link also offers access to the Blue Link Emergency Response Center and SOS Emergency Assistance and Automatic Collision Notification, VIA: SlashGear Story Timeline Hyundai's 2015 Sonata is first car to have Android Auto 2015 Hyundai Sonata owners can now download and install Android Auto Hyundai teaches car owners to add Android Auto DIY Hyundai starts delivering Android Auto software updates to more vehicles Hyundai's Blue Link Agent starts working with the Google Assistant TAGS Android Android Auto Google Google Assistant Google Home Hyundai smart home Rei Padla Must Read Huawei Honor 8 Pro Review: things you need to know LG G6 Review Here’s when and where you can get the Galaxy S8 in the US [UPDATE] Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 135,857FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 475,411FollowersFollow 60,707SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper BS Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-ANI » Technology Singapore Open: Sindhu, Marin to renew rivalry in quarters Shuttler Srikanth reaches quarter-finals of Singapore Open Business Standard Google introduces new 'style ideas' feature on Image Search ANI  |  New Delhi [India]  April 14, 2017 Last Updated at 12:48 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUwK4u ALSO READ Google introduces 'style ideas' for fashion Google introduces shortcuts to its Search WhatsApp introduces new update to its 'status' feature Snapchat gets 'Search' feature Hunarr introduces its latest course recommendation feature for Job Aspirants To enhance user experience when searching for fashion, Google on Thursday introduced a new feature called 'style ideas' on mobile web and in the Google app for Android. Image Search is full of pictures to help users find places to travel, items to purchase or shots of one's favourite celebrities, art and memes. Through this feature, users can get an idea of how a product looks by glancing through high quality, fashionable images. The fashion industry these days has expanded in such a way that it is hard to know where to start. For example, if a user is confused on what bag and jeans match a particular pair of footwear or needs some ensemble ideas, the new update on image search highlights a variety of options, depending on preferred style, colour, pattern and so on. As an added bonus, users will also see an expanded carousel for similar items while searching for apparel products. This means that users now will be able to find product offerings that may suit their tastes. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Google Introduces New 'style Ideas' Feature On Image Search | News-ani | Technology PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Enhance Your Negotiation Skills with MIT Faculty. FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Learn Negotiation Strategies and Tactics from MIT New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Google introduces new 'style ideas' feature on Image Search To enhance user experience when searching for fashion, Google on Thursday introduced a new feature called 'style ideas' on mobile web and in the Google app for Android.Image Search is full of pictures to help users find places to travel, items to purchase or shots of one's favourite celebrities, art and memes. Through this feature, users can get an idea of how a product looks by glancing through high quality, fashionable images.The fashion industry these days has expanded in such a way that it is hard to know where to start. For example, if a user is confused on what bag and jeans match a particular pair of footwear or needs some ensemble ideas, the new update on image search highlights a variety of options, depending on preferred style, colour, pattern and so on.As an added bonus, users will also see an expanded carousel for similar items while searching for apparel products. This means that users now will be able to find product offerings that may suit their tastes. To enhance user experience when searching for fashion, Google on Thursday introduced a new feature called 'style ideas' on mobile web and in the Google app for Android. Image Search is full of pictures to help users find places to travel, items to purchase or shots of one's favourite celebrities, art and memes. Through this feature, users can get an idea of how a product looks by glancing through high quality, fashionable images. The fashion industry these days has expanded in such a way that it is hard to know where to start. For example, if a user is confused on what bag and jeans match a particular pair of footwear or needs some ensemble ideas, the new update on image search highlights a variety of options, depending on preferred style, colour, pattern and so on. As an added bonus, users will also see an expanded carousel for similar items while searching for apparel products. This means that users now will be able to find product offerings that may suit their tastes. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google introduces new 'style ideas' feature on Image Search To enhance user experience when searching for fashion, Google on Thursday introduced a new feature called 'style ideas' on mobile web and in the Google app for Android. Image Search is full of pictures to help users find places to travel, items to purchase or shots of one's favourite celebrities, art and memes. Through this feature, users can get an idea of how a product looks by glancing through high quality, fashionable images. The fashion industry these days has expanded in such a way that it is hard to know where to start. For example, if a user is confused on what bag and jeans match a particular pair of footwear or needs some ensemble ideas, the new update on image search highlights a variety of options, depending on preferred style, colour, pattern and so on. As an added bonus, users will also see an expanded carousel for similar items while searching for apparel products. This means that users now will be able to find product offerings that may suit their tastes. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 14 April 2017 | MYT 5:35 PM Burger King’s Google-triggering ad invites complaints, scrutiny Google Home does not distinguish between different voices speaking in its proximity, meaning the device will obey any voice it hears, whether it originates from its owner or an opportunistic television commercial. — EPA/Google A Burger King television advertisement designed to trigger Google speakers in viewers’ homes leaves the search giant vulnerable to scrutiny by regulators.  The 15-second commercial caused the voice-activated Google Home device to read the Wikipedia entry for the Whopper. In TV spots that aired in the US on April 12, a Burger King employee asked, “OK, Google. What is the Whopper burger?” and the phrase acted as a trigger for the device, until Google took steps to disable the command on April 12.  Lawyers and regulators say the stunt, although it may be an effective piece of advertising, could put both the burger chain and Google at risk of legal recourse and consumer backlash.  “It’s unreasonable for Google not to have appropriate mechanisms in place so that the device couldn’t be activated by a third party,” said intellectual property lawyer Faith D. Kasparian, from Morse, Barnes-Brown & Pendleton. “On the part of Burger King, I don’t know what they’re thinking. A reasonable person would probably not expect that a third party could activate a device like this in their home.”  The FTC could have a claim against Google for the spot, on the grounds that consumers didn’t receive adequate disclosures, Kasparian said. Google has “a history with the FTC,” she said, with several consent orders issued against the company. Google could also take legal action against Burger King for “inappropriately leveraging that device,” Kasparian added.  ”FTC investigations are non-public, and we do not comment on an investigation or the existence of an investigation,” Juliana Gruenwald Henderson, a spokeswoman for the Federal Trade Commission, said in an emailed statement.  Google declined to comment.  Google Home does not distinguish between different voices speaking in its proximity. This means the device will obey any voice it hears, whether it originates from its owner or an opportunistic television commercial. A feature to identify different voices is rumoured to be in development.  The company specifies the current limitations in one of the printed user guides that ships with the product. “If you make your Google Home available for others to use, please be sure to let them know that their interactions may be stored by Google,” it reads, along with a web link for further information about how guests’ speech may be picked up by the gadget’s microphone.  In Europe, Google Home could face increased scrutiny. European regulators have introduced new privacy rules meant to curb Google and its US tech peers over their collection of data on computers and mobile phones. Voice-activated devices, like the speakers Google and Amazon sell, are likely to face additional obstacles there.  Google Home is not available in Germany yet, and one of Germany’s most outspoken data protection commissioners said the regulator would “look very closely into Google Home when it comes to the German market,” following the ad controversy. “If an 'OK Google’ is enough to send the privately spoken word across the Internet to global datacentres, abuses and surprises are difficult to avoid,” Johannes Caspar said in an email.  The Information Commissioner’s office, a UK agency that oversees consumer privacy, declined to comment on Google Home. “Any organisation processing personal information must comply with data protection law,” an ICO spokeswoman said in a statement.  Christopher Coughlan, a lawyer specialising in data protection issues at Ashfords LLP, said UK regulators would “have a dim view of it.” Since the ICO named Elizabeth Denham as commissioner in July, it has issued the biggest fines in its history.  Artificial intelligence and profiling in advertising is “something they are going to focus on over the next few years,” Coughlan said. — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested Burger King’s Google-triggering ad invites complaints, scrutiny Facebook cracks down on 30,000 fake accounts in France AMD betting on extra-fast WiFi to open up virtual reality Uber resumes ride hailing service in Taiwan after talks with authorities Pedalling to save the planet Siew yoke loves briyani Others Also Read Kudos for promoting Islamic cruising Abu Sayyaf leader with RM4.4mil bounty intends to surrender Etihad Airways turns plane around for elderly couple to visit dying grandson advertisement Latest News Taking the Web to children in India’s remote salt desert Free map apps are better than expensive built-in satnavs, test shows While some robots learn to deliver pizza, these are saving lives UK-based startup hopes to cut plastic waste with innovative water balls Photo Kit: This is the end Most Viewed in Tech Free map apps are better than expensive built-in satnavs, test shows UK-based startup hopes to cut plastic waste with innovative water balls Photo Kit: This is the end While some robots learn to deliver pizza, these are saving lives Your magnetic smartphone holder could be disrupting your reception Taking the Web to children in India’s remote salt desert Mere tilt of your phone could cost you security Tesla's Musk tells disgruntled shareholders: Buy Ford Watch out for the hidden costs of free-to-play games Apple says three more suppliers to use solely renewable power Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Internet Internet News Google Hire Is the Search Giant's New Job Site; Could Take on LinkedIn and Others  Ketan Pratap, 14 April 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights Google Hire is the company's latest push in enterprise segment The website has been developed by bepop team Google Hire has not been announced officially Google seems to be gearing up to launch a new job application website which will track and manage applications to rival services like LinkedIn, Greenhouse, and Jobvite. Google Hire website is now up, and can be accessed via hire.withgoogle.com URL. The new website seems to be still in early stages of development, and shows few job listings from Warner Brothers subsidiary DramaFever as well as some startups like Medisas and Poynt. We tried logging in with our Gmail credentials but repeatedly received an error that said, "Your Gmail ID is not associated with an account." We believe that Google Hire website currently has limited access for people. We can expect Google to officially announce Google Hire soon. The new Google website was first spotted by Axios. Interestingly, Google Hire job openings are listed on the bebop website, which is VMware Inc co-founder and industry veteran Diane Greene's startup, and was acquired by Google in 2015. For those unaware, bebop is a development platform that makes it easy to build and maintain enterprise applications. Google Hire can also be seen as the company's effort to get a lead in enterprise efforts. In 2015, Google had named Diane Greene to lead its Cloud push efforts. CEO Sundar Pichai back in 2015 had stressed that the bepop acquisition would help Google in providing integrated cloud products at every level like Android and Chromebooks, infrastructure and services in Google Cloud Platform, developer frameworks for mobile and enterprise users, and end-user applications like Gmail and Docs. For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Tags: Google, Google Hire, Bepop, Sundar Pichai Ketan Pratap Email Ketan Ketan Pratap covers daily news and rumours at Gadgets 360. He attended IIMC (Indian Institute of Mass Communication), majoring in English Journalism. Ketan is a ... More How to Enable or Disable Automatic Updates on Mac Uber Reportedly Used Secret Program Called 'Hell' to Track Lyft Drivers Google Hire Is the Search Giant's New Job Site; Could Take on LinkedIn and Others     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Motorola Moto C Motorola Moto E4 Nokia 9 HTC One X10 Huawei Enjoy 7 Plus Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus Xiaomi Mi 6 LeEco Le Pro 3 AI Edition Micromax Evok Power Micromax Evok Note Zopo Color X 5.5 Lephone W7 Ziox Mobiles QUIQ Flash 4G Intex ELYT-e1 ZTE Nubia Z17 mini Sansui Horizon 1 Huawei Honor 6C Huawei Honor 8 Pro Huawei Y5 2017 Xiaomi Mi Pad 3 Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Sony Xperia XZs Samsung Galaxy S8+ Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Oppo F3 Plus Nokia 6 Samsung C9 Pro OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) LG G6 Gadgets 360 Hindi एयरटेल का ऑफर, 245 रुपये में मिलेगा 70 जीबी डेटा एचटीसी वन एक्स10 में है 16 मेगापिक्सल कैमरा, 4000 एमएएच बैटरी दो रियर कैमरे वाला माइक्रमैक्स डुअल 5 क्यों खरीदें? पढ़ें रिव्यू Latest Videos 01:43 How to Get Your Whole Music Collection on Google Play Music for Free 02:48 360 Daily: Samsung S8 India Launch Date Revealed, OnePlus 5, Xiaomi Mi 6 Leaks, and More 03:13 Gionee A1 Review 02:15 360 Daily: Google Areo Launched in India, Amazon India's Digital Wallet, and More 03:17 360 Daily: Samsung S8 to Launch Without Bixby Voice, Sony Xperia XA1 Launched, and More More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Xbox Scorpio Isn't for Gamers - Here's Why Akhil Arora How Legion Redefined the Look of Superhero TV Sanket Vijayasarathy Five Things to Look Forward to at the Samsung Galaxy S8 Launch Advertisement Recent Running Windows 8 or Earlier? Your Computer Could Be a Hacking Target First Star Wars: The Last Jedi Trailer Thrills Fans Nintendo to Launch Mini-Size Switch in 2019, Citigroup Predicts Hackers Release Files That Suggest NSA Penetrated SWIFT, Mideast Banks Apple Gets Permission to Test Self-Driving Cars in California Apple Rebrands iTunes Podcasts as Apple Podcasts Revamped Skype for Xbox One App Now Available as Update Geekbench Listing Tips Xiaomi Mi 6 to Be More Powerful Than Galaxy S8 Google App Beta Reportedly Hints at a 'Phone' Codenamed 'Bisto' T-Mobile, Dish, Comcast Big Winners in $19.8 Billion US Spectrum Auction More News TRENDING Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Launch Data Offers to Counter Reliance Jio Offer Running Windows 8 or Earlier? Your Computer Could Be a Hacking Target Reliance Jio Offers 1GB Data Per Day for 3 Months at Rs. 309 WhatsApp Web Spotted With Message Revoke Feature First Star Wars: The Last Jedi Trailer Thrills Fans Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus Live Image Leaked Ahead of Launch, Tips Design Samsung Galaxy S8, Galaxy S8+ India Launch Set for Wednesday Watch How This Man Built an iPhone 6s From Spare Parts iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus Red 128GB Variant Available at Discount in India NASA Says Saturn's Moon Most Likely to Support Life: 10 Things to Know Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved. MESSAGE Ketan Pratap Fields marked with * are mandatory From: *   Email:   Message: *   2000        
BR Ambedkar: In his own words | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Leisure Last Modified: Fri, Apr 14 2017. 03 28 PM IST Google Areo app: Here’s what you need to know Google’s Areo app is plugging into more established platforms Subscribe to our newsletter. Abhijit Ahaskar As of now Google Areo offers very few options and is available to users in just two Indian cities, Bangalore and Mumbai. Smartphone apps such as Zomato and UrbanClap have made life easier for users by allowing them to order food or services from nearby restaurants or service providers without actually visiting them. Google has joined the club too with a mobile app called Areo. It is a free app and is currently available only on Android devices, and services are available only in Bangalore and Mumbai at the moment. What it offers Areo works by detecting your location and then shows the service options which are available in your area. These options are arranged on the home page in card based format, just like the cards on Google Now. As of now you can order food, a beautician, plumber, carpenter, and fitness expert. How it works When it comes to services, Google is actually using UrbanClap’s database. So when you order a beautician, Areo opens the API of Urban Clap where you can see the type of service available, rating by other users on Urban Clap and the charges for each. Once you have decided upon a service, you can mark your date and time of appointment on the same page. Once an order is placed, you can see the order in your app cart and receive a confirmation call from the service provider. Payment can be made through card, online banking or cash on delivery. For food delivery, Areo uses up data from food ordering apps such as Fasoos, Freshmenu, Holachef and Box8. The results do not show by the name of the shop or restaurant but by the name of the food items. While this may work for services, the anonymity over who is actually providing the food is surprising. Areo is basically currently an aggregator of services which connect a busy urban user to service providers via their mobile apps. As of now it offers very few options and is available to users in just two Indian cities. Even in these cities, the service is scattered and not available in many places. For someone who is already using the UrbanClap or Fasoos app, there isn’t enough incentive to move to Google Areo. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: Google Areo Google app food delivery app UrbanClap Android App More From Livemint READ MORE BJP eyes eastern push as executive meet begins in Bhubaneswar Liquor sale ban on highways to affect 30% premium hotels, says Crisil Kulbhushan Jadhav sentencing: India cancels maritime talks with Pakistan First Published: Fri, Apr 14 2017. 03 01 PM IST Editor's Picks Operation Clean Money II: Over 60,000 to face tax dept probe Is the end of the road near for Tata Nano? Ola valuation falls to $3 billion after raising funds from SoftBank Latest News BJP eyes eastern push as executive meet begins in Bhubaneswar Liquor sale ban on highways to affect 30% premium hotels, says Crisil Kulbhushan Jadhav sentencing: India cancels maritime talks with Pakistan Mother of all bombs killed 90 ISIS militants in Afghanistan on Thursday: officials Pakistan claims to arrest 3 suspected R&AW agents in PoK: report Mint On Sunday All the world's a stage: Teaching autistic children through theatre When ant enslaves ant The beauty of a good detective story Letter from... a backpack Love in the age of terabytes Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... [Android Car Review] The 2016 Honda Accord Is Android Auto's Most Grown-Up Application Yet David Ruddock Follow View All Posts 2015/11/17 12:00pm PDTNov 17, 2015 61 Plus 1 on G+ 36 Share on Facebook 54 Share on Twitter Total Shares97 Android Auto Other Reviews Reviews Article Contents 1 The test car 2 The cost 3 The driving part 4 The inside part 5 The technology 6 Conclusion The Honda Accord may not be a car you’re terribly familiar with if you don’t reside in North America. You may also not realize just how popular it is here. While Honda sells the Accord abroad (and also a modified Chinese-built version called the Crider in Southeast Asia), nowhere has the Accord been more successful than the US of A. This is because when the Accord was introduced for the American market in the early 1980s as an affordable, reliable, American-built Japanese sedan, it was at a time when domestically-designed and produced American sedans were, well, pretty universally... terrible. The Accord was not terrible. The Accord was good. It sold like hot cakes. It was the most popular Japanese car by sales in America for fifteen years in a row, from 1982 to 1997. For around ten of them, it was the most popular car in America period. Since then, the Accord has consistently been ranked as one of the most reliable cars on sale in the US (if not the world) and continues to sell very well even in a declining market for affordable family sedans. The Accord we’re reviewing here is a North America-only spec car, based on the ninth-generation Honda Accord platform introduced for 2013. It’s also a 2-door coupe - a version of the car that as far as I am aware is now produced exclusively in America. Because, realistically, what other country is going to buy an entry-level mid-size family sedan that’s had two of the doors lopped off? For the 2016 model year, the gen nine Accord gets its first (and likely only) facelift, with much more aggressive front and rear fascias. It also gets Android Auto and Apple CarPlay which, well, that is why we’re here, isn’t it? The test car OK, when Honda told me they wanted to lend us an Accord, I sort of assumed it would be a middle-of-the-road EX-L sedan with the four-cylinder engine. After all, that only makes sense - it’s the volume seller and the one most people are going to be looking at. Well, they didn’t have one of those, and I was on a tight time frame to get the car. What they did have was a brand-spanking-new (literally under 500 miles on the odometer) coupe… with a V6. And in the top-spec Touring trim. Painted in the so-nice-I-seriously-considered-licking-it “deep blue opal metallic” finish that is exclusive to the coupe and new for 2016. I ever so reluctantly agreed that this would just have to do. I MEAN I GUESS I'M OKAY WITH THIS Financially, this specific car is not one that I’d recommend to anybody but devout Honda worshippers - the true Accord faithful. Those praying at the altar of VTEC, but that deign the Civic Si too base and harsh for their refined motoring sensibilities. The reason I say this is that the MSRP of an Accord Coupe V6 Touring is eye-watering: essentially $35,000 when delivery is taken into account. A $35,000 Honda Accord. A $35,000 Honda Accord that doesn’t get especially good gas mileage. Or have a fancy dual-clutch or next-gen automatic transmission. An Accord that is within legitimate MSRP shouting distance of a V6 Acura TLX that does have such a fancy transmission and a marginally more powerful version of this V6. Granted, you can’t get an Acura with two doors these days. The V6 Touring coupe, then, is Honda’s love letter to a long line of two-door Accords, a version of the car that sells in tiny quantities compared to the far more ubiquitous sedan. Honda doesn’t expect to sell a ton of them, and they don’t make a ton of them. This is the Accord for the person that’s been buying Accords for the last 20 years and wants the best Accord when they show up at the Honda dealership. This is the best Accord. The cost The Honda Accord, you might think, is an affordable - but nice! - mid-size sedan. And you'd be right. The base Accord LX with a manual transmission slides in just under $23,000 with delivery here in the US. Not bad! But if you want Android Auto, you can take that MSRP and throw it right out the window, because itsnothappening.gif. Here are the available 4-door trims with Android Auto, summarized. Accord EX (auto): $27,115. The EX is the most popular Accord trim, and it's easy to see why - it's basically a 'popular equipment package.' You get remote start, 17" alloy wheels, push button ignition, USB audio, an uprated stereo with 6 speakers, 7" touchscreen, a moonroof, Android Auto, and Apple CarPlay. Plus all of the Accord's standard features, which are not insignificant. Accord EX-L (auto): $29,405. The EX-L, as you might guess, is a luxury package. You'll get an auto-dimming rearview mirror, 10-way power driver's seat (with 4-way power on the passenger side), leather-trimmed seats all around, seat heaters in the front, and a much more powerful 360W stereo with a subwoofer. Navigation and Honda Sensing (more on that later) are an additional $2,000 upgrade. Accord EX-L V6 (auto): $31,480. You're buying an engine, basically. The V6 gets a much more powerful 278HP mill with a traditional 6-speed automatic transmission. Like on the base EX-L, nav and Honda Sensing are a $2,000 upgrade. Accord Touring (auto): $35,415. The daddy Accord. The Accord to end Accords. Honda Sensing and nav come standard, but you also get rear seat heaters, parking sensors, LED headlights, rain-sensing wipers, and automatic high-beams. And, and: you get the Accord Sport's bitchin' 19" rims. The coupe trims with Android Auto are all somewhat similar, though varyingly more or less expensive (yeah, it's weird), despite being basically identically equipped. An EX Coupe is about $500 more than an EX 4-door, but a Touring coupe is about $500 less than a Touring sedan (though it lacks the sedan's rear seat heaters). Of note, the EX coupe gets the big 360-Watt stereo, while it doesn't appear on the sedan until you step up to the EX-L. The one you should get: If you need four doors, the EX sedan is an easy pick and is Honda's volume seller for a reason. The EX-L's extras will absolutely be worth it for some folks, but if you don't care about the stock stereo (i.e., you plan to replace it) or leather seats, there's not much else waiting for you on the other side of that $2300 jump. If you just want the V6 with none of the techno-frills like Honda Sensing, the basic EX-L V6 coupe or sedan undercut the Touring models by $3,000-4,000 and sacrifice no performance getting there. They also still have those comfy leather seats. The EX-L V6 coupe is even available with a manual transmission - assuming you can find one. Finally, for the absolute Honda fanboy, the EX-L V6 coupe and sedan both offer major body kit packages, with the coupe's $4,000 HFP package looking absolutely bonkers levels of JDM custom, bro. It even lowers the car and firms up the ride, plus throws in a set of premium 19" wheels otherwise available only as a dealer-purchased accessory. I'm not sure I'd want an Accord that rides any firmer than stock, but to each their own. The driving part Holy moly that V6. Few car fans outside the tuner crowd really give Honda much credit for their powertrain performance prowess (there are exceptions, like the legendary S2000), but Honda really deserves a big bag of medals for this V6. Preferably medals stamped from the rotting, melted-down carcasses of inferior engines. A transverse V6 is an odd thing to behold. The Accord’s V6 is a dream. It is civil yet responsive around town, and in the standard shift mode (as opposed to sport mode) on the gear selector, it drives like a car. But the engine revs exceptionally smoothly, idles smoothly (and quietly), and never feels wanting for power unless you deliberately bog it with the paddle shifters. The dual exhaust even gives it a cute little grunt. There is always power and torque just a quick jab of the right foot away, and you don’t feel as though you’re hurting the car when you use it. I wouldn’t recommend Honda’s “sport mode” for city driving, though - it simply holds gears too long and downshifts unpredictably. If you really want to flog it, it works, but it’s pretty jarring when you’re just going down the street to get the groceries. Taking a bit of a detour up to a BlackBerry Priv event in San Francisco, I found myself on California’s jaw-slackingly beautiful but utterly empty Highway 33. (What a coincidence!) If you’re ever considering a drive up the Golden State portion of the Pacific Coast Highway in a fun car, I’d implore you to try 33 instead. It’s better in almost every way, even if you won’t get those perfect-for-social-media ocean views. In this environment, the V6 engine was allowed to be downright raucous with no worries of annoyed bystanders or of traffic or god-awful rented campers and RVs. From around 5000RPM to the 6800RPM redline, it transforms into an entirely different animal. It goes from being a smooth, lovely, enjoyable, and highly usable V6 to a clearly precision-tuned piece of engineering that goads you into putting your foot to the floor at every opportunity. It is, basically, VTEC, yo. With the windows down through a few small tunnels, I gave it a boot-full, and the exhaust wailed like a banshee against the natural concrete reverb chamber, making noises that you’d associate with a Honda Accord like you’d associate fine dining with a Chili’s. To put things into perspective, a V6 Accord will shuffle itself from 0-60MPH in just 5.5 seconds, despite being saddled with an honestly not-terribly-responsive 6-speed automatic transmission. The manual will supposedly come nearer to 5 seconds flat, but that transmission also gets pretty mixed reviews, sadly. The autobox is fine, and it does have paddle shifters, but this transmission is likely built for robustness first and performance a far-away second. The engine, luckily, far outshines any of its shortcomings. Handling-wise, the Accord is quite nice, but this is not a sports car. The V6 Accord Coupe isn’t unusually heavy, but it isn’t light, either, with this Touring version weighing in at 3554lbs. With struts up front and multi-link suspension in the rear, the Accord feels exceptionally confident and connected in everyday driving, as well as during lightly spirited runs down twisty back-roads. When you really start to push it, the all-season rubber and the damping start to fight you a bit, but the Accord handles with far more aplomb than many cars in this class. But few people will ever drive an Accord in this manner. The steering inputs are great - direct and with actual feedback, and I love the brakes. They’ve got a bit of a luxury car feel up at the top, but they quickly and progressively firm up as you get on the pedal, my ideal balance of a squishy luxury sedan and sports car. This means that for all but idiots barreling down empty, twisting highways pretending their Accord is a Ferrari (e.g., me), the car is going to feel tight and highly responsive and generally very good. The ride around town can be a bit hard (those giant 19” rims probably don’t help), but I don’t think you’ll find anyone but the older set complaining too much about it. I prefer a bit more road surface feedback to numbness even if it means a slightly less elegant ride, and the Accord is still a great car from the driver’s perspective. If I was in the market for a mid-size sedan that I also needed to commute in and that would be capable of carrying around other human beings without ruining their spines or eardrums, but also wanted something fun, the Accord V6 makes a hell of a compelling case. There’s a reason the Accord sells so well and buyers continue to come back: they’re just damn good cars all-around, and make very few sacrifices in any one given area. Oh, and gas mileage? Well, with the V6, you can kind of kiss your city fuel economy goodbye if you’re going to be having fun. The Accord will readily drop into the mid-teens in aggressive urban driving, though low to mid twenties should be achievable if you watch your right foot carefully and put the car in Honda’s throttle-deadening “eco” mode. On the highway, it’s as advertised: around 30MPG with the air conditioning blasting, with a variance of 10% or so in either direction depending on what you consider “highway speed.” The inside part The Accord, frankly, does not seem quite like a $35,000 car when you slide into it. Probably because it's basically a $30,000 car with $5000 of engine and technology slapped on. Some of the trim, especially around the doors, just isn’t especially nice and little things like the paddle shifters just feel plain cheap. But, the Accord is covered in all sorts of soft touch plastics and subtly varying textures, so it at least tries to play to the whole luxury thing. It just doesn’t succeed quite as well as, say, a loaded Hyundai Sonata. You get a textured faux-carbon fiber inlay in some spots, shiny black plastic around the center console, leather on the steering wheel and shifter, and all of this does make the Accord Coupe feel a fair bit nicer than its $24,000-ish roots would suggest. The steering wheel is a nice, chunky leather affair - very softly-textured, fine-grain leather. It’s definitely a step up from leather wheels on many cars in the economy range, though this is obviously a fairly expensive car. The wheel controls work well enough once you get used to them - those nice and big circular d-pads with center buttons being your primary modes of interaction. I definitely prefer this to an endless array of levers or clusters of smaller buttons. Because the Accord has no actual volume knob on the stereo - just a capacitive button - you’ll all but have to adapt to controlling that via the steering wheel. After years of cars with volume knobs, it’s a surprisingly hard mode of interaction for me to get into. The back of the wheel has paddle shifters. They have sharp plastic molding ridges on the back, but are completely smooth on the front. This makes them feel badly-made - the paddles in my girlfriend’s far-cheaper Mazda 3 feel leagues nicer. The shift lever has a nice leather cover on it, but I find the lever itself feels quite cheap and clunky. Not to mention it is absolutely enormous - to the point of being a bit of a ridiculous 1990s throwback, especially in the “D” or “S” positions. The reason it is so big? Old people. Old people like big, easy-to-use controls, and old people like Honda Accords. I hate that this is a thing. Hopefully the next-gen Accord will ditch this waste of console space for a wheel stalk or at least a smaller ZF-style “mouse” shifter. Either way, it was probably my least-favorite part of interacting with the car. Aside from the infotainment system. Which, yes, this is going to be bad. But that’s in the next section! The seats in the Accord are, as far as my spine and buttocks are concerned, insanely comfortable. These are some of the best car seats I have ever had the pleasure of plunking my rear in, and I say that coming from four years of driving an old Mercedes, which have some of the most comfy leather seats known to mankind. I had virtually no back fatigue in the Accord, the driving position was absolutely perfect, and the seat had the “just right” balance of bolstering and cushiness. The driver’s seat on this Touring model is power-adjustable with a lumbar support, while the passenger has to make do with manual controls. Keister-cookers are included as well. No butt air conditioning, though, which I think is a reasonable ask on a $35,000 Accord. Previous Next Rear passenger room is ample for a modern coupe, but it’s still a struggle for taller individuals to get in and out even when pushing the front seat all the way up. Once you’re in, though, there’s enough room for two full-sized adults to have actual leg and headroom back there, though probably just the amount sufficient to be comfortable for a taller person, no more. You certainly wouldn’t want to be stuck in the back of this car for hours, but you also wouldn’t come out with scoliosis if you had to, and for shorter people it will likely feel downright roomy. The trunk is absolutely cavernous, because two-door FWD car. The top-end stereo on this car comes with a subwoofer, and it is loud. I definitely turned down the bass in my test car, but the quality of the audio system itself was actually quite good, and certainly doesn't want for output. Tweeters in the A-pillars provide solid high-end response, and mid-range isn't muddy or distorted even at speed. It's a very solid system. The technology Let’s cut to the chase: I don’t like Honda’s infotainment system very much. It’s oddly slow, stutters, frequently hangs when it goes to load a new part of the UI, and is very scatterbrained in terms of layout. With only a few accompanying capacitive buttons, it's also basically 100% touchscreen in terms of interaction, which isn't exactly fun on Honda's UI with its many, many buttons. Basically, it’s just not very good. Android Auto provides an escape from some of this. This also actually provides me a very good opportunity to give some perspective on Auto in a specific context: if your car’s built-in infotainment system is something you’d prefer to avoid at all costs, just how good is Auto at letting you do that? In the Accord, it was a real toss-up for me. Honda has added some extra functionality to Android Auto in their vehicles thanks to a secondary infotainment display positioned on top of the dashboard. Some have criticized Honda for going screen-crazy, but I think this secondary display is a great idea. It provides you upcoming changes to navigation (e.g., your next turn and its distance), currently playing song, a compass, and the time. And the music and navigation features work with Android Auto - Honda is somehow feeding the audio track and navigation info from Auto into this display. So you see the song playing in Android Auto as well as the next step in navigation that is happening on Google Maps, regardless of whether you’re in the Auto interface on the main touchscreen. This is definitely very helpful, and Honda is the only carmaker doing this sort of thing with Auto right now. Granted, they’re also the only one with a display setup like this as far as I know. This secondary display is showing my current track info on Play Music and my next navigation step in Maps. So, what about areas where Auto isn’t so hot? Well, Android Auto actually is kind of the pits when it comes to music. You can use voice commands to play specific songs, albums, or playlists in Play Music, but that functionality is far less reliable in third-party apps like Spotify or Amazon Prime Music. Selecting music to play via the app interface is even worse. Android Auto won’t even let you look at your music library - you can see playlists and a few other items, but that’s really it. Basically, Google has decided you can’t be trusted to browse your music while in a vehicle. And yet, every single carmaker will allow you to hook up an iPhone and do exactly that in USB audio mode and browse anything on the device. Google, though, doesn’t think this is a good idea. So you don’t get to do it. This gets maddening after a while and by day two in the car I was fed up and just circumvented the limitation - while at a stop I’d grab my phone, unplug it from the USB port (or open the app switcher - another way to work around Auto’s blackout on your phone’s screen), open Play Music, find what I wanted to play in my library, start playing it, then plug it back in and launch Auto so that whatever I last had playing in Play Music was now on the Auto interface. Yes, this is incredibly convoluted. Yes, it is the only decent way to actually browse your god damn music on Android Auto. There also just aren’t very many music apps supported in Auto right now, and those that are, like Spotify, tend to be buggy and respond far less well to voice commands. Spotify in Android Auto remains hopelessly buggy at times. As a side-note, it would be lovely if Auto could integrate with the car’s built-in FM/AM/XM radios, but I’m guessing Google, in its infinite wisdom, probably wouldn’t trust you to select a station from a list or use a tuner because safety. If anything will sink Android Auto, it’s Google’s borderline obnoxious obsession with nannying you around the interface like a 5-year-old. Maps, too, aren’t great in Auto - especially on smaller displays. The Accord’s is 7”, and Google Maps’ roadways and traffic lines are drawn so narrowly that they’re very, very hard to see. Zooming in doesn’t really help, it’s just a big beige and gray blob of near-illegible lines. Ultra-intelligent voice entry of your destination is the saving grace for Maps navigation on Auto, because it just works. Want to go get coffee in an unfamiliar area? “Navigate to the nearest Starbucks.” Google understands. Looking for a restaurant? Ask for a suggestion - “Show me some nearby sushi restaurants.” Want to go home? Tell it. The problem is that I honestly found Honda’s built-in nav system far easier to visually parse than Maps. It had much better contrast, more easily visible roadways and traffic information, and more clearly-marked upcoming changes of direction. Google Maps looks super slick and modern on a smartphone or tablet, but on a car, you need a big, chunky interface that makes everything on the road obvious and easily visible. Maps is just not great in this context. It didn’t help that the Accord’s infotainment display is angled such that the sun hits it directly during many times of the day, and during those times, the Honda navigation UI was a hell of a lot easier to see. As to everything else? Auto really isn’t any better at handling things like phone calls or SMS than your average, modern infotainment unit. It’s a bit better at voice-dialing, obviously, but that’s about it. Auto is simultaneously a functional analog to and yet the UX antithesis of most in-vehicle interfaces. And so between Honda’s slow, sometimes-confusing, yet option-loaded UI and Android Auto’s much smoother but utterly barren interface, I had a hard time deciding which I preferred using. Bluetooth audio through my phone allowed me to play whatever music I wanted without the Google safety police getting in my way, but it did make entering navigation destinations a real bear (I basically had to stop the car). At the same time, Honda’s maps were a lot more informative to my eyes and made for a better turn-by-turn experience. Handling phone calls on either system was basically the same: unremarkable but functional. Honda's system isn't pretty. Or fast. Or very easy to visually parse. But it has lots of buttons and functions - quite the opposite of Auto. My test car also came loaded with Honda’s Honda Sensing driving assist suite, which is actually pretty cool, and probably the most advanced system of its kind in this price bracket. It’s no Tesla Auto-Pilot, but here’s what it can do. First, you get the basic adaptive cruise control - the car speeds up and slows down in traffic on its own (above 25-30MPH, I think) up to the speed you’ve set. You can control the following distance, as well. The car has automatic braking in the event an imminent collision is detected - it may not stop a collision from occurring in some cases, but it will at least reduce the severity of an accident. You get lots of warning bells and flashing lights in your face before it decides to brake for you, though. You get lane-keeping assistance, too - the car will stay in your lane of traffic above 40MPH if you start to drift away from the center, gently pulling you back in. It doesn’t fight you, either, and it actually works quite well. You do need to have your hands on the wheel while it’s on (you can keep them off for up to 15 or so seconds before it yells at you), and the system won’t make rapid changes of direction especially gracefully - it expects you to be steering if the road is curving substantially. But for long, endless highway drives, it’s a great way to make sure you’re safe if you want to look down at the stereo or nav system for a moment, combined with the adaptive cruise control. Where a number of the Honda Sensing... sensors... reside. They're not muddy-windshield-proof, I assume. Taken together, all these features make the Accord an excellent road trip car, and an exceptionally safe one. While I did find the collision mitigation braking warnings came on a little too often, everything else worked splendidly. The car can basically “take over” on the highway for short periods of time, not that Honda advocates such usage. For chronically distracted drivers, I cannot wait until features like this are standard (and on by default) on every vehicle. It’s hard to change selfish behaviors (which distracted driving 100% is), so we should be working to reduce or eliminate the dangers those behaviors create. One thing to note: optical-dependent features like lane keeping don’t always work in the rain very well for a variety of reasons, so if you’re in a very wet climate, I wouldn’t count on this feature. It’s a problem with pretty much all visually-dependent sensing systems in vehicles right now, sadly. Conclusion Let’s talk turkey, because unlike some other cars with Android Auto, the Accord does require you to pay a fair bit more than the base model price if you want Auto (and CarPlay) functionality. The least expensive Accord you can get with Android Auto comes in around $3400 above a base model Accord LX with a stick. If you want an automatic, the cheapest Accord with Auto is a hair over $27,000 with delivery (the EX trim) - not exactly cheap. Prices run all the way up to $35,000 for a fully-loaded coupe like our tester. That said, Honda regularly has lots of buyer incentives and I don’t think it’ll be terribly hard to find a decent lease or financing deal on an Accord EX at your local dealership, so I wouldn’t worry too much about what looks like an intimidating price tag compared to a similar Hyundai Sonata - you’re getting a lot of standard equipment at that level, and the Accord has long been considered a great value in this segment. Still, if you want Auto as affordably as possible in a mid-size sedan, the Accord probably isn’t the place to start - the Hyundai Sonata has it on the base SE trim and undercuts the [much more nicely-equipped] Accord EX by about $5,000. The Accord, though, is still an Accord: an incredible reputation for reliability comes with that badge, and it’s one Honda has lived up to consistently. The Accord is also regarded as one of the most engaging cars in this class of vehicle to drive, and while it’s not exactly sporty, it exudes real confidence on the road. You can even get it with a stick, an increasing rarity in mid-size sedans here in the US. Granted, you’ll probably have to search pretty hard to find one, and you won’t exactly have your pick of colors. As for the $35,000 Super-Accord I tested? For the right person, this is going to be a great car. It’s fun to drive, incredibly comfortable, and loaded with oodles of tech. Combine that with the Accord’s dead-to-rights reliability record and it’s easy to see why someone might pass on a marginally more expensive but relatively basic Acura TLX V6 or Infiniti Q50 in favor of a fully-loaded Honda. You get a powerful engine and tons of technology - far more than you’d get on an entry-level vehicle from a luxury brand. You do lose out on fit and finish, to an extent, but many people just don’t care about this kind of thing. The Accord’s luxury comes in the form of all the things it has and can do, as opposed to how nice all those things feel when you touch them. Either way, it's easy to see why the Accord's pedigree is one of the most well-respected in the automotive world. Honda knows what it's doing, and the Accord generally defies criticism. Even Honda's lackluster infotainment software is now mitigated by Android Auto and Apple CarPlay, so the Accord is looking better than ever in its class. It gets an easy recommendation from me, I can say that much. Tags 2016 honda accord review accord android auto android car review auto honda accord honda accord android auto honda accord review 2016 subscribe ... Previous Story Google Photos 1.9 Offers To Free Up Space Regardless Of Your Remaining Device Storage And Lets ... ... Next Story Google Will Add The Ability To Downgrade Original Quality Photos To High Quality And Reclaim ... Trending 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 Comments George Thank you Android Police, but it seems like Android Auto isn't looking too attractive.. I'm going to go back and read the section about the car now. Thanks again Auto Police! David Ruddock The more I use it, frankly, the more frustrated I become with it. It's honestly kind of depressing. George that doesn't sound good.. I was planning to end my lease around the time Android Auto would be available.. not sure if I want to be beta testing Android Auto too... Do you think you will ever get to review what Mazda might do with Android Auto? David Ruddock Mazda is on the OAA and will likely implement Auto at some point I'm guessing. The new CX-9 debuts tomorrow, perhaps that'll be their first go at it, or maybe not. We shall see. You are definitely an Auto beta tester at this point if you have it. I wouldn't be surprised if Auto gets major design revamps multiple times over the next few years. Right now, I feel like Google's UI philosophy is incredibly short-sighted for this kind of application. George I can already feel the pain if the volume dial is no longer used... but I'm hoping that's just a Honda thing... Ajith S I honestly think you should wait at least another year or two if you're planning on getting a vehicle (If android auto is a big factor). Automotive OEMs don't adopt new technology as quickly as you'd think - the market is not at all like computers or cell phones, where everyone is demanding monster specs and where absence of a certain feature could make/break a product's success. It's a bit slower with the auto industry; they usually will let some tech mature a bit before adopting it on a vehicle line. Sure, mad props to some makers who adopt them quick - they're just not going to be implemented well. Jumping too quickly on to a certain wagon is *not* necessarily a good thing wicketr Well, the good thing about Android Auto is it's basically all sourced from the phone. So it's not as if a new car today will still have the same crappy interface 10 years from now. I'm hopeful that the next 5 years will do wonders to the Android Auto interface. Bottom line is I'd still prefer a car with the functionality than without due to the interface running remotely. Lawrence Looks like the BMS 6 series, but i bet much more reliable. A friend has a 6 series and it is nothing but trouble and it is 1yr old. I guess nothing competes with Japanese quality in thr auto industry. Remember guys: expensive is not a synonym of reliable when talking about cars. David Ruddock Japanese reliability... built in Ohio. I actually had no idea the Accord was manufactured in the US from day-one for the USDM version, and now Honda America actually EXPORTS American Accords to some markets. dcdttu Lately Hondas are not as reliable as they used to be. The new V6 engines (and some 4 cyl ones like the 2.4L) burn a lot of oil. And even Korean makes have become more reliable than Hondas. Also, they've been pretty ugly lately, in my opinion. The new Civic is a step in the right direction, but that turbo 4 in the high-end unit will likely not be reliable. David Ruddock Honda + turbo is uncharted territory. I'm very curious to see how it does. dcdttu Honda + turbo = original RDX. Horrible gas mileage, wasn't very fast and that motor was very, very unreliable. Honda and turbos aren't new. They're just new to North America. David Ruddock Well, on anything selling in large volumes. The RDX sells peanuts compared to the Civic. RadarJammer That export part is nothing new, actually. Once upon a time, Honda US officialy exported the Accord Coupes and others to Europe. I had a used '99 Accord Coupe V6 for a few years in the early 2000s. That generation was the last one imported to Europe. I had several Hondas before and that V6 Coupe was just as reliable. But it was no Autobahn performer. The faster you drove, the lighter became the front axle. And the 4 speed autobox switched from 3rd to 4th gear at 160 km/h. The rest was slow acceleration. The cavernous boot served me well. ah well ... David Ruddock This new V6 is something else, it pulls all day long. Granted, I was not going fast enough to see if the front-end got "floaty" at higher speeds, but the front suspension geometry was revised some years back to a MacPherson setup and I imagine the Accord cuts through the air a little more softly these days. Brian Menius The VIN on my 1994 Accord began with a "J". Are they building in America but using Japanese VINs? VW's Mexican-built cars get 3-prefixed VINs, and their Brazilian-built cars get 9-prefixed VINs. The US Passat, naturally, begins with 1. David Ruddock I have no idea! But I'm sure the inside of the driver's door will reveal the answer. Brian Menius Audi pulled that recently with the 8V A3/S3- they're manufactured in Gyor, Hungary, but they're giving them German VINs. I'm not sure that was going on back then, and I'm reasonably sure it showed a final assembly point of Japan. Oh well, that thing's long gone, but I've still never found the VIN in a salvage auction, so it may still be puttering around somewhere, grandma gold "cashmere silver metallic" goodness and all. It was a good first car. David Ruddock My quick research says the Accord has never been imported to America that I can find, and MotorWeek lists the point of origin for a '94 V6 coupe as the USA. So probably yep, they're using J VINs for US cars. Brian Menius https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQWyunBF2-b14SQhXymVbNgYruoE002PQhrcRnIfJjXOJNFPtQEzup8udk dcdttu I've got a Kenwood aftermarket unit and have the same gripes as the author. The fact that you can't browse playlists or even fully browse some albums (because they're too long and take too many scrolls according to Google) is really, really dumb. I spend waaay too much time trying to circumvent the ridiculous 'safety' shit and end up being a lot less safe than I'd have been if they just let me do what I want. I end up scrolling as far as I can on a playlist, then playing a song, then scroll from that song as far as I can, then play another song, then scroll again just to get where I want. And voice actions are hit and miss. "Play workout playlist" works. "Play Madonna playlist" starts playing random Madonna songs rather than my playlist. Android Auto is going to have to let people fully use their music apps or it won't go over very well at all. Sadly though, it's better than any other option really. Hopefully they'll find a way to let you fully use your Music apps without so many 'safety' roadblocks. Also, I haven't found a good way to reply to a message that Google reads back to me, and every time I send a Hangouts message to someone, Google says "Just so you know, this message is being sent from [email protected] " even though I have only one account on my phone. It's a bit annoying. andy_o And voice actions are hit and miss. "Play workout playlist" works. "Play Madonna playlist" starts playing random Madonna songs rather than my playlist. This annoying inconsistency has always been there with Google's voice commands, and it's one of the things that make Siri just that much more dependable even if it does less technically. For instance, besides the "play playlist..." thing, Google also can't distinguish "play album" from "play song" if they both have the same name. Another obvious one, opening apps. "open Clocksync" and other similar slightly off app names can't be opened. "open app ____" or "launch ___" and such variations work sometimes, but not always (e.g. Waze). Haven't yet found any command that could open Clocksync. Siri simply responds to the "open" command by prioritizing app names. If it's not found it tells you there's no app installed with that name, and if it's a weird name (like Waze), it will prioritize the app names before normal words like "ways". You know, the obvious thing to do. Sometimes I swear Google tries to be too smart for its own sake (remember the Priority non-silent mode nonsense?). dcdttu I agree with you 100%. Google needs to back off of the 'safety' mantra they are pushing so hard because what they have done for safety actually makes it less safe. People try to circumvent their UI in order to do what they want which is far more distracting. Google needs to allow people to do what they want in the safest way possible. I don't think CarPlay is NEARLY as ridiculous with 'safety' as Google is. Dave I have already seen several reviews of whole cars here but compared to that very few (only by Pioneer I think) reviews of Android Auto units you can buy seperately. Why is this market that small? David Ruddock Because very few cars today have easily replaceable head units. The slice of the market for such things is just getting smaller and smaller with each passing day. They're also ludicrously expensive because of the low production volume, and there's just no way they're worth it. Unfortunately, I don't think this situation is going to get any better - not unless automakers decide modular head units are the way to go forward, which has approximately a 0.000004% chance of occurring. Dave Hmm, I get your point. But I don't know whether it's the right way of thinking, at least for manufacturers (because what you say makes sense for sure but maybe manufacturers are misinterpreting the market). Most (at least I guess so) of the older cars have a standardized slot for radios/navigation systems and, of course, these older cars are the only cars where it would actually make sense to put a head unit in afterwards. I can only speak for me right now but I definately won't buy a new car in the next few years but I would definately consider to buy a head unit for my car. I could imagine that some other people are thinking that way as well. Justin W (plus reviewing whole cars is more fun) Gongonzabar Farbin I have the 2016 Accord with Android Auto. It's great to have but man is it buggy. Here are a few of the bugs/comments: - While playing music and you use a voice command (OK Google), when the music resumes, sometimes it only plays out of the left speaker. Switch to FM or any other audio then back to Auto to get both channels back. - I concur with your sentiment about the limited list selection. It is easier to just use your phone. However, I discovered a trick that if you press the multitasking key on the black Android Auto screen, you can still use other apps. Press the Home button on the app switcher and it actually pulls up my homescreen for me. I use Nova so I don't know if this has anything to do with it. - Phone calls don't always play sound. The other end will be able to hear me but most of the time I'm just left saying "Hello. Hello? HELLO?" I usually have to turn off bluetooth and unplug just to make a regular phone call while I'm in the car. This bug may have to do with the "Private Mode" built into Honda's system. - Plugging my phone into the car sometimes screws up loading Auto. Simple enough to fix: unplug and plug it back in. - What's up with the lag? OK Google is so slow. Using a Nexus 5X. - I wish it would use the screen real estate better. It uses so much vertical screen space. With a music app, you have your title bar at top, main music bar in the middle, and nav bar at the bottom. I wish that I could see the album of the song I'm listening to and also how many minutes the current song is at and how many is left. Perhaps the full album art would be nice too instead of the exploded zoomed in view. Sometimes I feel like I'm fighting more with Android Auto than it is helping me but here's hoping it gets better. David Ruddock All valid complaints! Completely agree with all of this. dcdttu Your last sentence is spot on. I think they were way too worried about safety, to the point that they basically made most apps unusable in their current form. Google needs to realize that their voice isn't good enough yet, and people have to look at the screen to navigate. Arbitrarily cutting off navigation isn't a solution, it's admitting they didn't have a good design in the first place. M.e.Puente That left speaker thing happens to me too, I just pause and play and it comes right back. I was soo happy when I found out that I could work around to the black screen, if only they could make it so that that screen never pops up if the car is in Park. Park should essentially do away with the screen like how the car doesn't let you set certain setting if the car is in motion. I still haven't found a work around to the other end not hearing me, though luckily, it has been happening less and less so that's good. Riho Nice summary. I guess the question now is how can we make sure Honda's aware of this and to get it on their backlog? There's already been a plethora of complaints in the 2016 Honda civic community. matt The more I read about Android Auto the more I'm convinced that it's overall a step backwards from what I have with my current car. Really, the only thing I want over my current situation is the ability to have my navigation read an address I've looked up on my phone. It can handle calls, music, and even texts perfectly, if I could just look up an address while I'm walking to my car and then have my car's navigation read that address from Maps on my phone the same-ish way it reads my contacts and texts, that would be perfect. Jason buy a BMW. you can send addresses from google maps to your idrive David Ruddock Yeah, multiple automakers have similar functionality to this. So does Hyundai with their BlueLink, for example. Jason either one. id go Hyundai. BMWs are a maintenance nightmare. Chester Look up the address on Google Maps (from pretty much any device), get in your car and plug it in, load up Maps in Auto and look up your history - your last search should be at the top of the list. I've been doing it this way since I started using Auto. WORPspeed Not sure if I went to the right website. This is ANDROIDpolice right? not CARpolice? Very indepth review of the car, but I think many just wanted a skip button to the Android Auto part. And with many I mean at least I did. usaff22 K. Tsun_Pooka At least it had the Android Auto part. Granted I entered the article not knowing that the car itself will be talked about, but at least I've got the relevant part as well as some history on the Honda Accord as well. Tony G. I'm not being ignorant with you, but I don't come to this site for the history of foreign car manufacturers. I skimmed through the article because I couldn't care less about Honda or most other imports. I'm sure there are specific sites to get such history. I'm sure nobody here wants to hear about my performance Mustangs, which this is not the place. Again, no offense to you. Tsun_Pooka And then I thought of something. I'd argue that this review of the Accord is based upon the thought that you're probably not going to buy a car just because it had Android Auto all along. Its like the reviews with the phones now, not do they just cover the Android part of them, but they also cover the hardware, the feel of the device, they cover stuff that isn't exclusively related to Android OS. This time instead of reviewing a phone that has Android OS, he's basically reviewing a car that has Android Auto, and while its nice that it has Android Auto, you wouldn't buy a car based on Android Auto alone as your decision. I think that's where he comes from. Tony G. True. That's a good take. Justin W Well, I mean, you know, the website isn't geared toward only Android products, otherwise you wouldn't see Google products here period. Besides, I'd think it's better that they're reviewing this in comparison with a random bluetooth speaker (I don't mind either personally - I like reading reviews on miscellaneous things). Also, you don't have to click the article if you don't want to, and on top of that, you have no right to tell the team they can't broaden their coverage if they want to or feel it's necessary. Tony G. Spot on! pol I know the Mazda MX-5 doesn't have Android Auto, but find a way to get a review of it on here, dammit. David Ruddock I'm going to post one on my personal blog at some point, since that's what it's for or whatever. Probably also on Opposite Lock on Kinja, but I'm probably going to get absolutely demolished in the comments. MotoDr0id domestically-designed and produced American sedans were, well, pretty universally... terrible A falsehood spread by the Japanese and CR, perpetuated by US-hating baby-boomer/hippies. Domestics were caught with their pants down because there was little interest in small-engine cars and they weren't prepared, but Detroit built perfectly good full-size, V8 cars and trucks. Just look around and see how many 1980 and earlier Asian vehicles you still see on the road. Today, and for teh last 1/4 century or so, the so-called quality gap has not only been erased, but US leads teh pack in quality, durability and reliability. However, the misconceptions still persist because it was drummed so effectively into the ensuing generation's heads. David Ruddock "Just look around and see how many 1980 and earlier Asian vehicles you still see on the road." Because before 1980 they barely sold any cars in the US. The Japanese came to the UK in force long before America, and the same thing happened: people decided they liked buying cars that actually worked. And there are many, many old Datsuns still roaming British roads. And yes, all the US big three are making MUCH better vehicles in the last 5 years than they did in the 80s/90s/early 00s. But American carmakers had a pretty shit run for give or take twenty-five years. There are always exceptions to the rule, but by and large, American cars of those years were reliably subpar if not outright bad when compared to their Japanese competitors. As for what old cars you see on the road today, that's largely down to parts. It's pretty hard to keep a 1976 Civic in working order in the US when the domestic parts supply dried up decades ago. You can find just about every single piece necessary to keep the worst K-car in running condition, as long as you're willing to throw parts at it. There are two sides to every story, but very few people are going to take umbrage with the assertion that the US's big three fell to their deepest, darkest lows during those years. andy_o Dude, you're not getting it. US is, like, the best and stuff. MotoDr0id As for what old cars you see on the road today, that's largely down to parts. Parts availability is commensurate with the popularity of the model, of course. If there's a demand for parts, someone will make them. Tony G. I completely agree. Also, then was then. And ever since we've had a huge trade imbalance while making the ricer companies rich. I thought this was an Android site. Such an extensive write about the glorious Honda while touching a little on Android. But that's cool I suppose. How about an article on the performance Mustang or Camaro? Brian Menius That car looks downright dopey on 19" wheels. There are some cars that look okay on larger wheels because manufacturers are so hell-bent on increasing the diameter of the wheelhouses these days, but the rest of the proportions on this car aren't where they need to be to make it work, not the least of which is the asinine "'murican Lardass" edition ride height. And no, I'm not a stancebro, but the ground clearance is closer to "CrossTour" than "reasonable." David Ruddock See, I'm actually fine with this setup. I normally don't like giant rims, but I think the proportions are OK here. As to ride height, I'm not bothered by it on this car, though Honda sells a spring kit if you want to drop it. Brian Menius Sounds like it's one of those "in-person" things, then. gg Poor old US of A, always getting the hand me downs that nobody else wants. http://europe.autonews.com/article/20150123/ANE/150129887/honda-axes-accord-in-europe How's the Xperia Z5 launch going fo ya? thedosbox "The problem is that I honestly found Honda’s built-in nav system far easier to visually parse than Maps. It had much better contrast, more easily visible roadways and traffic information, and more clearly-marked upcoming changes of direction." Huh. I have a 2016 VW GTI, and while I agree with the comments about google maps, navigation is a different matter. I get a nice large card with turn-by-turn navigation and even a lane diagram directly below it. Most importantly, it switches to "night" mode automatically. The positioning of the display in the VW may also make a big difference to its legibility - it looks lower than in the Honda, and possibly a little more vertical? Rovindra Singh The signs in the windows of the first picture says it all Daum!!!!!! Ronald Gmiterek I'm wondering if you are rooted on your phone if there is a way to go around the security in Android auto. Also as other users mentioned. I didn't care for the car review and only wanted to read the Android auto review. I have a VW Tiguan 2016 coming in mid December with Android auto and I'm looking so forward to using it. There are not enough articles on android auto for me to read until I get my car. LOL Leonardo Pimplapure why no video guys? is AP just taking a stance against video review? marc anderson My opinion is that for a long time, Detroit built cars counting on consumers to be too stupid to recognize quality, which is why the market place has spoken as clearly as it has – metric cars sell a lot more for a reason. Ford’s market capitalization is $56.16B. Toyota’s is $191.75B M.e.Puente First off, thank you, David Ruddock, and Android Police for this article. I'm not much of a car guy but I thoroughly enjoyed reading this article and definitely agreed with about 98% of everything on here. I recently leased a Touring Sedan and have a lot of thoughts about it and a decent basis for comparing. I might not be much of a car guy but I know a good car when I drive one. Coming from an Avalon and an Explorer before it. I have some thoughts on the Honda Accord which I think warrant some writing of my own: TL;DR: The Accord is awesome, few quirks but overall good. Android Auto is off to a decent, but limited start, but has the potential to be really really great. DRIVING: After driving the Accord for almost a month, I can truly say I enjoy it. The three different modes almost feel like three different cars but still familiar. I really, really like the handling, the get up is not as great as the Avalon was but the Accord is definitely funner albeit more manageable. Once you get the revs up there, that’s when the Accord really shines. I agree that the ride is comfortable, it has a good balance between luxury and sport. I test drove the non-V6 CVT and I have to say… avoid this trim at all costs. The delay in response in the CVT was a real turn-off for me. That being said, the V6 does boast a bit of less than stellar MPG but the damn car just begs you to floor it from time to time so this probably doesn’t help. Side note: yes, yes, a thousand times yes. This car SOUNDS sexy when you put your foot down. INSIDE: Inside is a toss up for me, I could do without the glossy black finish and the chrome accents everywhere, I would of prefered to have the faux-Carbon Fiber from the Sport trim. I foresee the glossy blacks and chrome scratching and being high maintenance overtime. I respect the layout of the steering wheel buttons and and of the center console. I still think that the 2016 Civic actually beats the Accord in terms of the interior because of the e-Brake and the beautiful all-digital dash on the Civic, but the Accord is practical, which is a hell of a lot more than I can say about the Avalon. I actually replaced all additional lights (doors, both domes, license plate, and trunk) with LEDs. It was the BEST. DECISION. EVER. I don’t know how LEDs inside all interiors is not the standard. The incandescent light really stick out like a sore thumb at night when the headlights are on. It did not take long to learn to love and appreciate the dual screens, some might find the info redundant and at times it is, but when you have more than one thing going on, you’ll quickly realise that practicality in a secondary screen that has a semi-permanent layout where you can quickly glance at for information. One thing you didn’t mention in your review was the crazy amount of options in the settings… EVERYTHING has a setting. Which doors do you want for to unlock? just yours or all four? When? When you place the car in park or when you unlock your door or when you open your door. The damn car lets you pick. I’m 100% sure other cars out there let you choose this and many other settings, and I’m glad that Honda didn’t decide to leave something so simple out. There are a lot more other options too (lights, alerts, etc.). Question: does anyone know why foreign cars completely shut off when you turn the ignition off yet American cars keep power running at least for a limited time (some indefinitely) after you turn off the vehicle? TECH: Honda Sensing is nice to have but I have to admit, I was more impressed with the sensors in the 2013 Explorer. They just seemed to work better. The forward collition was more accurate in the Explorer. I recently learned the difference between Lane keep and lane departure. What you Ruddock described in his article was the lane keeping, which you have to activate. Lane keeping is what makes the car actually follow the road. However, lane departure warning keeps the car from running off the road; it is always on (provided that it can tell where the road is) and will only alert you if it detects you sliding out of your lane without turning on the turn signal. In contrast, lane keeping will not let you go over the line to begin with. All really cool tech, and I too look forward to the day this stuff becomes standard. Other than magic, I have no idea how the automatic high beams are able to discern between actual headlight/tail lights further down the road or just regular street lights. All I can say it works and works extremely well. One thing I wish was better is the alerts. For example, if the car detects that you are drifting out of your lane without indicating with the turn signal or approaching the car in front of you too fast, the car will visually alert you via a big orange warning on the dash, then it will be an audio alert and then the steering wheel will vibrate and then it will take control (apply brakes or steer) as needed. I wish the audio alert was louder, if you’re listening to anything radio or wind, it is almost completely drowned out. Is serves more as a tone rather than an alert. ANDROID AUTO: Not gonna lie, the fact that this car had Android Auto was the main reason I went to go look at it. I wasn’t even really interested in getting a new car, but I was intrigued by what Android Auto could be in the car so I went to go check it out and accidently fell in love with the car. Another disclosure, I cannot speak on the Honda-built “factory” interface because I barely ever use it. Though, the few times when I have had to resort back to it because Android Auto failed (it happens), I was not pleased. It is ugly and slow. It does work though, so it beats Android Auto in the stability department. Interestingly enough, another thing you forgot to mention, not sure if you noticed, but the stock interface is Android too. It runs 4.2.2. It’s a very locked down iteration of Jelly Bean, it gives you the option to download apps via the full fledge browser, or you can sideload the APK using the USB, but nothing ever really installs. I can however, add shortcuts to the homescreen which will appear on the heavily-skinned homescreen of the car. Not sure this will be another one of the many Androids that gets the root treatment from me (seems possibly dangerous), but if I could install Waze on here it would be great. I have learned to deal with it, but the startup time on this car is atrocious and I can’t seem to get rid of the warning message that pops up at the beginning of the ridiculously long start up. The biggest blessing in disguise is the workaround for the “safety” black screen. For those times when you just HAVE to pull out your phone because Android Auto’s “safety” limitations just won’t do, just tap Recents, then Home and BOOM. You’re back to the homescreen on your phone. I seriously hope that they don’t “fix” this because I really think I would use Android Auto a lot less and the factory stock UI if I couldn’t have any access to my phone at all. That is a deal breaker. The alternative of unplugging and replugging the USB to get to your phone is less than ideal. Android Auto has actually made me a safer driver, because I seriously don’t touch my phone and use the voice actions now. But, I find it really dumb that Android Auto doesn’t let me bypass the black screen even when the car is in park. It KNOWS when the car is in park because when the car is in park is the only time you can access the full keyboard in Maps. So, that's an easy software fix. All in all, I’m hopeful for the future of Android and I think that if they update Android Auto at half the speed they update and add new features to Android proper or Android Wear (save for Android TV), then Android Auto can iron out some of the newborn wrinkles. Derrick Nope, it's still sold as Honda Accord in Southeast Aisa. Not that crappy Crider name you mentioned. Just saying ;) Da Fuq Wow, this must be the best looking Honda I've ever seen. mrsleep I just picked up a 2016 Accord Coupe V6 with a manual transmission yesterday. I can assure you will have to order it and hope they will build it for you. Takes about 3 months to get it, if they decide to make it for you. You aren't going to find one any any dealer in North America. Now that I have it...HOLY SHIT. It does not feel/drive/sound like a Honda. It is the best, funnest Accord I've ever had or seen, and with the HFP package, yeah, it ain't your grandma's Accord. I get a lot of is 'is that an Accord?!' looks. lucretius I've got to disagree re your comments on audio. I drive a 2017 Accord Touring (V6) - same 'premium' radio as the 2016. The subwoofer appears to have zero effect, as if it's non-existent. The bass is little. The treble seems like it was DSP'ed to death. I've had 30 watt radios that sounded way better than the Honda's '360 watt premium audio system'. Ishita While I'm happy that honda is finally incorporating this into their cars, i can only say what the hell honda? u just released the new pilot with that crappy android based system, why didn't u put this into it, i'm really curious how the pilot didn't make the cut for this? Image Source: S7info Shahid Khan I'm amaze if you are fliped on your phone if there is a way to go around the security in Android auto. Also as other users mentioned thanks regards http://www.cgbse.results-nic.in/10th-result.html Follow Android Police 1.5M 465k 141k 106k Latest Deals 7 [Deal Alert] Huawei Watch in Black Stainless Steel w/metal band $250 ($100 off) 2017/04/14 6:36pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] 2-Pack 6' Anker USB 3.0 A to C cables $12 w/ promo ($8 off) 2017/04/13 4:16pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 9 [Deal Alert] LG's weird new Tone Studio headphones are already on sale for $200 at various retailers ($30 off) 2017/04/13 3:19am PDTApr 13, 2017 Latest Poll How often do you use virtual reality products (that you own)? Every day. Not every day, but several times a week. A few times a month. Once in a while (not even monthly). I used my VR headset once or twice, then never again. I have never used VR. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 11 Plantronics BackBeat 500 review: Budget headphones have a new challenger 2017/04/14 5:00am PDTApr 14, 2017 30 Huawei Mate 9 review addendum: Alexa is a flop, but it's still a great phone 2017/04/11 10:31am PDTApr 11, 2017 135 YouTube TV hands-on: Google's off to a good start 2017/04/06 3:13pm PDTApr 6, 2017 43 Libby can give you access to tons of free books and audiobooks on your phone with just your library card 2017/04/06 10:46am PDTApr 6, 2017 62 OnePlus Dash energy drink review: This beverage has not settled 2017/03/31 9:22am PDTMar 31, 2017 Latest Roundups 4 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 14 17 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last 2 weeks (3/28/17 - 4/10/17) 2017/04/10 3:42pm PDTApr 10, 2017 4 [Bonus Round] King Arthur, Neogen Beatz, Tempest: Pirate Action RPG, R.B.I. Baseball 17, Griddle Speed Puzzle, and Tap Summoner 2017/04/06 12:10pm PDTApr 6, 2017 26 29 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last 2 weeks (3/21/17 - 4/3/17) 2017/04/03 4:45pm PDTApr 3, 2017 7 [Bonus Round] Tokaido, Erin: The Last Aos Sí, Hyper White Blood Cell Dash, ArcheAge Begins, Cliff Hopper, Stellar Wanderer, and Construction Simulator 2 2017/03/28 1:43pm PDTMar 28, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 32 Twitter added support for two-factor authentication apps and forgot to tell anyone 2017/04/14 2:29pm PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 68 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 26 Nest app update adds Google Smart Lock, Nest Cam motion alerts, and more 2017/04/13 3:25pm PDTApr 13, 2017 32 [Deal Alert] NVIDIA is having a SHIELD gaming spring sale 2017/04/13 2:17pm PDTApr 13, 2017 Blast from the Past 102 1 Year Ago Today Google Launcher On Android N Dev Preview 2 Has Pinch To Overview And App Info When Dragging From The Home Screen 2016/04/15 5:44am PDTApr 15, 2016 99 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Potential Nexus 6 Case Spotted] Exclusive: Google Exploring 'Google Workshop' To Take Customized Smartphone Cases To A New Level 2015/04/15 12:12pm PDTApr 15, 2015 24 3 Years Ago Today Google Glass XE16 Update Is Live, Bringing KitKat, Photo Bundles, Sorted Voice Commands, Improved Battery Life, And More [Update: XRV15C Hotfix Rolling Out] 2014/04/15 5:14pm PDTApr 15, 2014 33 4 Years Ago Today MyGlass App Goes Live In The Play Store, Google Launches Glass Setup Page 2013/04/15 7:56pm PDTApr 15, 2013 14 5 Years Ago Today Introducing: The Android Police Week In Review - The Biggest Android Stories Of The Week, All In One Place 2012/04/15 9:44am PDTApr 15, 2012 11 6 Years Ago Today Updated Fresh 4.0 ROM For HTC EVO 4G (Beta) Now Serving Delicious Gingerbread To All Donors, Includes Fast Boot 2011/04/15 3:24pm PDTApr 15, 2011 16 7 Years Ago Today CyanogenMod ROM 5.0.6 For Nexus One And Motorola Droid Released 2010/04/15 6:43pm PDTApr 15, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 322 Google may be sued over Nexus 6P early shutdown and bootloop issues 2017/04/14 11:09am PDTApr 14, 2017 3 Amazon updates Fire TV Devices to 5.2.4.1 with new features including video quality and data settings 2017/04/14 5:00pm PDTApr 14, 2017 97 What happens when you have more than one Google Home? Chaos. 2017/04/14 11:22am PDTApr 14, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] 55 temporarily free and on-sale apps to round out your week 2017/04/14 12:50pm PDTApr 14, 2017 Last 7 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 69 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 39 Google app v7.0 beta includes new Assistant Notification settings, plans redesign of Assistant Services directory, and hints at new device called "Bisto" [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/04/13 4:29am PDTApr 13, 2017 147 Google Assistant's shopping list is moving out of Keep and into the Home app on April 10 2017/04/08 6:07am PDTApr 8, 2017 138 Google Assistant's new shopping list is live, here's how it works 2017/04/10 7:00pm PDTApr 10, 2017 Last 30 Days 95 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 258 Qualcomm Snapdragon 835: The first benchmark results - comparisons to Pixel, OnePlus 3T, Galaxy S7, and more 2017/03/22 7:09am PDTMar 22, 2017 244 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/03/29 4:40pm PDTMar 29, 2017 309 Hangouts on Android will remove SMS support on May 22 2017/03/23 6:21pm PDTMar 23, 2017 74 BLU's $180 Life One X2 Mini sports a 5-inch 1080p display, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and Marshmallow (???) 2017/03/17 8:34pm PDTMar 17, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Contact 104 queries | 0.413s | citadel Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 28° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley Springfield Central News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story NDIS Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All Business Google study finds teens think Google is cool Jason Murphy news.com.au | 14th Apr 2017 7:00 PM 0 PRINT Use this content It’s hard to see, but the coolest and most well known brands are Youtube, Netflix and Google, while among the least cool are TMZ, The Wall Street Journal and Yahoo. Supplied Popular Stories Woman has sex with three dogs: Didn't know it was illegal Site closed after man dies in horror woodchipping incident Man suffers life threatening injuries: Ute and truck collide Local Real Estate Subscribe Now TEENAGERS are so hard to understand. A huge new survey of what teens think is cool is only adding to the confusion. Apparently, teens think Red Bull is less cool than Costco? That Sony is less cool than Microsoft? That Levis' are less cool than HP? It's like they're deliberately trying to troll their parents' generation. The survey - run by Google - is full of weird comparisons like this. The following chart shows all the brands, from dorky on the left to cool on the right. The vertical axis shows how well known the brands are. CLICK HERE TO SEE WHERE BRANDS RATED If you look closely, you will notice a few things that are seriously suspicious. Do today's youth really worship Google so much? The survey asks the kids (aged 13-17) to rank 122 brands by how cool they are. And Google-owned brands come out with curiously high rankings. The coolest thing in the whole world, according to Google's survey, is YouTube: owned by Google. Third coolest is Google itself, while Google Android, the phone operating system, and Nest, Google's smart thermostat company, both take home decent scores. Something is screwy there. We should probably ignore the Google effect, and when we do, we see patterns that actually make sense. I HATE YOU MUM AND DAD! The worst thing a brand can be is something your parents are into. Case in point: Facebook. Teens pretty much hate Facebook. It shows up in the survey, where, sure, Facebook is something they've heard of, but it scores awfully. The problem for 13-to-17 year olds is their parents are on Facebook, and it is cramping their style. Facebook messenger scores even worse with the kids, and I imagine that's because they associate it mainly with messages that look something like this: Mum: Reminder: come straight home from school today because you have to do your homework. Luv u, x. Teens' playgrounds are Snapchat and Instagram instead of Facebook, but the complaints are beginning as parents converge on Instagram too. Both of my parents follow me on Instagram. I've now lost two platforms. Twitter is my last bastion of free speech. Dicks - Brennen Spangler (@BrennenSpanglr) April 10, 2017 Both of my parents are on Instagram now so I guess it's time I just throw my phone in a lake. - Hunter (@hunter3124) April 1, 2017 (This could actually be a good explanation for the seemingly crazy popularity of YouTube and Netflix - they are something teens can engage with away from prying eyes.) The daggiest brand in the whole survey is the Wall Street Journal. I personally love the Wall Street Journal, but I understand it is not cool (and also that I am not cool) so its low score gives the whole thing credibility. What's less expected is that the media brand Vice does so badly. You may have noticed the new SBS channel called Viceland. That's the same Vice that the teens say is dorky in the survey. It's a weird result given how much effort Vice is putting in to be edgy. It's a bit of a mystery and there is definitely some skew in the results where well-known brands also seem to be scoring as cooler than less well-known ones. WHY SHOULD WE CARE WHAT THESE PIMPLY INFANTS THINK ANYWAY? I personally hate the idea that we need to find out what pathetic ideas are swimming round in the jelly brains of these fat and spoiled American children, but the reality is the little morons matter. American teenagers are one of the driving forces of the world economy. If you want to know what brands and companies are going to be big you need to tune your antenna to what they like. Soft drink brands and blue jeans, rock music and skateboarding - so much of what we call popular culture got its start with teens before crossing over to the mainstream. So if you're trying to invest, or make choices about what to study or where to work, you'll do better if you keep an eye on the things American teens think are cool. Jason Murphy is an economist. He publishes the blog Thomas The Thinkengine. Follow Jason on Twitter @Jasemurphy editors picks Read More Login to follow google Read More Login to follow teenagers Read More Login to follow Topics:  editors picks google teenagers 0 PRINT Just In Herbs bring life and creativity to cooking Police called to move cows from highway The moment Nathan Lyon knew 'nice, Garry' had gone too far Wallabies coach reveals plans for midyear Tests The beer you want as you sit out a flood Australia responds to racist sign by being even more racist Top Stories Jailed mum vows to ditch bad boys and fake friends A mother who sold drugs, broke into a home wielding a baseball bat and acted as a decoy during two armed robberies blames bad romances for her behaviour News 2 comments LOOK WHO'S HIRING: Four Ipswich jobs up for grabs George and Dawn share secret to 60 years of marriage 'It was hard yakka' WHATS ON: Bring your baskets to Easter egg hunts Were you out and about this weekend? See the snaps here Police called to move cows from highway Drivers report cows were on and near the Cunningham Hwy at Amberley Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On George and Dawn share secret to 60 years of marriage 'It was hard yakka' Iconic traders get set for new Ipswich mall home CBD redevelopment ramps up for Dimmeys and pharmacist Bob Slater Pyrenees hike in aid of a rare skin disease WHATS ON: Bring your baskets to Easter egg hunts 'Carnage' as roaming dogs maul hobby farm lambs, sheep Council closures over the Easter holiday break Double demerit points rule you need to know for Easter Bluesfest Day 2: From Jason Momoa to Mary J Blige Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon gave the festival a Hollywood touch Bluesfest Day 1: Standing ovation for Patti Smith She will play an acoustic set tonight. Your guide to a great night out in Ipswich The latest from the city's live music scene Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC TV show's frequent sex scenes are causing an upset THERE’S been a massive outcry in the United Kingdom over a new period drama on the BBC featuring frequent violence and graphic sex scenes — including a gay orgy First glimpse of the new Star Wars movie: The Last Jedi Fans have been given the first glimpse of the next Star Wars movie Russell Morris gives back on Anzac tribute album SINGER among music icons who contributed to Remembrance. Tom’s trading pirates for dragons BLACK Sails star talks Game of Thrones ahead of Supanova. Bluesfest Day 2: From Jason Momoa to Mary J Blige Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon gave the festival a Hollywood touch Erin Molan fires back about her $100k engagement ring Erin Molan has opened up about her head-turning engagement ring Kidman is red hot, once again Cannes roles out the red carpet for Nicole Kidman. Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 47 Baden Jones Way, North Booval 4304 House 5 2 2 Offers Over... This great lowset brick home offers a savvy investor the chance to enter the investment market or add to their growing property portfolio. Currently tenant to the... 115 Stevens Road, Purga 4306 Rural 3 2 2 $999,000... This large 79 acre property is all about location. It's within 10 minutes of Yamanto Shopping Centre, 10 minutes to Amberley Air Base, 15 minutes to Ipswich City... 82 Hancock Circuit, Kleinton 4352 House 4 2 2 $493,000 Cleverly designed with a practical and well-appointed floor plan, this brand new executive home built by Top of the Range Builders flows effortlessly throughout... 44 Croft Crescent, Harristown 4350 Residential Land 0 0 Offers Over... Offering to the market 6 acres of prime vacant land situated in one of the states fastest growing cities. Toowoomba is seen to be the gateway to the South... Lot 2 Andrews Road, Crows Nest 4355 Rural 0 0 $499,000 This 100 acre/40ha property provides you with beautiful views looking over Crows Nest Golf Course to the north and rolling green hills to the west. The property... 108 Shoesmith Road, Westbrook 4350 House 4 2 2 Offers over... Cleverly designed with a practical and well-appointed floor plan, this executive home built by Arden Vale Homes flows effortlessly throughout, complimented by... 3/8 James Street, Rangeville 4350 Unit 2 1 1 Offers Over... This totally renovated Two bedroom unit in the attractive Rangeville community should definitely make your viewing list. Located just a short walk to Woolworths... 1 & 2/10 Costello Street, Harlaxton 4350 Unit 3 2 1 Offers Over... This near new Duplex has been cleverly designed and will appeal to a wide range of buyers. Close to the CBD, North Point Shopping complex, Primary and Secondary... 12 Orchard Street, Eastern Heights 4305 House 3 1 UNDER CONTRACT! This little gem certainly needs some polishing, but imagine the outcome and rewards! Will suit someone looking for a renovation project and could be a delightful... 52 Whitehill Road, Eastern Heights 4305 House 3 1 2 UNDER CONTRACT! Here is a chance to buy into the most elevated precinct of Eastern Heights, where properties are often sort after but rarely available. The home has been the... The days of waiting for Harmony are over A giant leap forward for Queensland's new display home village Big boost for Bulcock St Healthy choices as Sunshine Coast gets new fresh juice bar The Point shapes up New retail hub at centre of Sunshine Coast creates a buzz Set your bearing for true north Sublime northerly views for unique Sunshine Coast pavilion property MILLIONAIRES ROW: Is this Toowoomba's biggest house? When entering Kara View Crt, it's hard to ignore the stunning home Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2017. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. News Corp Australia Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Joel Lee Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Joe Keeley Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Sit Back & Relax This Bank Holiday Weekend with Today’s Deals [UK] Deals Sit Back & Relax This Bank Holiday Weekend with Today’s Deals [UK] Amazon UK Deals April 14, 2017 14-04-2017 2 minutes Sit Back & Relax This Bank Holiday Weekend with Today’s Deals [UK] Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Since there is only so much Home Improvement & DIY you can do in one weekend, use today’s savings and deals as a reason to sit back and relax this bank holiday. Nest Cam Outdoor Security Camera [14% Off] Nest Cam Outdoor security camera Nest Cam Outdoor security camera 24/7 live video. 130° Wide-angle view lets you look after your home in 1080p HD, day and night. Buy Now At Amazon £136.89 The Google-owned Nest came to fame with their smart home Thermostat but also created a range of security cameras for your home. This Outdoor security camera comes equipped with night vision from eight infrared LEDs, and is (handily) weatherproof. You can get access to a live HD video feed 24 hours a day, and even speak to someone at the other end with the in-built speaker and mic. Sony Bravia 50″ Curved Android 4K TV [45% Off] Sony Bravia KD50SD8005 50 inch Curved Android 4K HDR Ultra HD Smart TV with Youview, Freeview HD, PlayStation Now (2016 Model) - Black Sony Bravia KD50SD8005 50 inch Curved Android 4K HDR Ultra HD Smart TV with Youview, Freeview HD, PlayStation Now (2016 Model) - Black Android TV - all the personalisation, intelligence and entertainment of your smartphone on the big screen Buy Now At Amazon £1,130.00 Although Android TV may not have taken off in the way that Google had hoped – it is an incredibly useful addition to your TV. Android TV brings pretty much the entire Android experience to your TV, even down to Google’s voice search. As is starting to become standard now, Sony has equipped the TV with 4K for the most HD experience you can currently get. Plus – the screen is curved! Sony HT-CT390 300W Sound Bar [40% Off] Sony HT-CT390 300 W Sound Bar with Bluetooth/NFC, HDMI and Wireless Subwoofer - Black Sony HT-CT390 300 W Sound Bar with Bluetooth/NFC, HDMI and Wireless Subwoofer - Black Virtual surround sound: Recreate that cinema feeling with Sony's S-Force Pro Front Surround sound mode Buy Now At Amazon £225.00 Looking for a versatile way to improve your TV’s in-built speakers? A sound bar might be the answer. Sony’s sound bar comes with HDMI connection to connect easily to your TV, as well as offering Bluetooth and NFC connections for you to stream music from your phone. Russell Hobbs Legacy 4 Slice Toaster & Kettle (Cream) [36% Off] Russell Hobbs Legacy 4 Slice Toaster and Russell Hobbs Legacy Kettle - Cream Russell Hobbs Legacy 4 Slice Toaster and Russell Hobbs Legacy Kettle - Cream Wide slots - ideal for crumpets, tea cakes and thick slices of bread Buy Now At Amazon £63.98 If you are cooking for a family (or just enjoy toast) then a four slice toaster might make your life considerably easier. The four-slot toaster is actually two-two slot toasting slots allowing you to only use one, or both sets at any one time. The companion kettle comes in the same cream colour so it doesn’t upset the balance in your kitchen with a “rapid boil zone” for one, two, and three cups. Savings on Stanley Tools Stanley have been making tools and hardware products since 1857 and you are likely to see the yellow and black logo adorning many professional’s collection of tools. Stanley FatMax Open Tote Bag [30% Off] Stanley Fatmax Open Tote Bag Stanley Fatmax Open Tote Bag Extra tough 600 x 600 denier fabric Buy Now At Amazon £25.99 Stanley FatMax Torpedo Level [50% Off] Stanley 043609 250mm FatMax Torpedo Level Stanley 043609 250mm FatMax Torpedo Level Might receive the product with/without Xtreme on it but both are same. Buy Now At Amazon £9.99 Stanley FatMax 8m Tape Measure [52% Off] Stanley Fatmax Tape 8M/26FT 0-33-726 Stanley Fatmax Tape 8M/26FT 0-33-726 Extra wide blade Buy Now At Amazon £12.99 Stanley FatMax 10 Piece Screwdriver Set [50% Off] Stanley 565427 FatMax Screwdriver Set Parallel / Flared / Pozi (10 Pieces) Stanley 565427 FatMax Screwdriver Set Parallel / Flared / Pozi (10 Pieces) Chrome vanadium steel bar allows high torque and reduces the risk of tip breakage Buy Now At Amazon £19.99 Previous PostToday Only: Get Photoshop & Premiere Elements 15 For $75Next Post7 Friday Deals You Absolutely Don’t Want To Miss [US] 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Amazon UK Deals 78 articles We have years of experience finding deals, and we put that to use, saving you time and money on products from Amazon UK. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About What’s the Best Chromebook for Performance in 2017? Buying Guides What’s the Best Chromebook for Performance in 2017? Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update… Advertisement Related Articles Buying Used Smart Home Technology? Be Aware of These Risks Smart Home Buying Used Smart Home Technology? Be Aware of These Risks 17 Easy Home Repair Tips You Can Learn From YouTube Anytime Internet DIY 17 Easy Home Repair Tips You Can Learn From YouTube Anytime 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M Jio Summer Surprise offer still available, more Jio offers coming soon Aadhaar may soon become mandatory to board plane for domestic flights Jio Summer Surprise offers extra 100GB 4G data on Prime plans above Rs 999 Jio extends free service with Summer Surprise offer: What is it and how it works Home > Technology > Burger King ad fools Google Home, makes it explain whopper Sneha Saha   |   @snehasaha1994 Last Updated: APR 14, 2017 New Delhi Email Author What is up with Google and Burger King face off these days? There has been a lot of buzz about Burger King's latest ad about one of its burgers. Wondering why? Here's an answer to all your confusions. Burger King just the other day brought about a new television commercial to provide a brief explanation on the food chain's new Whopper sandwich. And if you have a look at the advertisement, you will notice that ad doesn't explain about the whopper, rather uses a trick to activate Google voice controlled devices, be it Google Home or Android devices to explain about the sandwich. You can watch the Burger King advertisement below. It is a 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich and saying, "You're watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I've got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?" The ad should be played next to any Google voice controlled device or even an Android smartphone. After which, Google Home answers to the ad by explaining what the Whopper burger actually is, and it does that by reading out the findings of the Whopper from Wikipedia. Google mentions the ingredients included in the whopper burger and also about its taste. Commenting on the scenario, a Burger King Representative says, "Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices." Many thought that Google and Burger King did this in collaboration, but that's exactly not the case. Several reports suggest that after the advertisement and Google's response to it, the tech company pulled out the plug on the voice-based activation triggered by the Burger King ad less than three hours after its unveiling. This report comes out from The Verge. The report further states that "Google has likely registered the sound clip from the ad to disable unwanted Home triggers, as it does with its own Google Home commercials." Since the Wikipedia website can be edited by anyone and everyone, later, someone anonymous changed the definition of Whopper to "the worst hamburger product". However, now the Wikipedia page on Whopper is not available. Further, Google declined to comment, this is as of what several media reports suggest. Also Read: HTC U Play, U Ultra phones launched in India starting at Rs 39,990 For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Reviews Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro review: The big friendly giant Samsung Galaxy A7 2017 review: Ticks almost all the right boxes Coolpad Note 5 Lite review: Looks can be deceiving Sony Xperia XZs review: The pint-sized RX100 IV Micromax Dual 5 review: The Greek hero with sharp looks VIDEOS CAT S60 Review: Super rugged but not for everyone Xiaomi Mi 6 and Nokia 9: What to expect Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: What is new? more Tech Tips Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India OnePlus 3 and Android Nougat: If you can't wait, get it manually in easy steps more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaAirtel Internet TV marries the old with the new in a seamless manner Javed AnwerGovt makes Aadhaar must to download map files, will it be needed next to connect to web? Priya PathakWhatsApp, Facebook addiction is as bad as cocaine craze Javed AnwerEnd of Jio Summer Surprise is no blow, TRAI advise may help Reliance Javed AnwerWhat is wrong with Micromax Dual 5 price? Hint: nothing more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Cricket County cricket live blog County cricket: all the action from around the grounds - as it happened 81 wickets fell across the nine games in an exciting day of County Championship action Updated The view from the stands at Hampshire v Middlesex. Photograph: Vokes/ProSports/Rex/Shutterstock Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Will Macpherson at the Ageas Bowl, Vic Marks at Taunton and Ali Martin at Emirates Riverside Friday 14 April 2017 13.59 EDT First published on Friday 14 April 2017 05.09 EDT Key events Show 1.59pm EDT 13:59 That's all, folks 11.10am EDT 11:10 Tea time! 8.03am EDT 08:03 That's lunch! 4.50am EDT 04:50 Morning all it's the morning call! Live feed Show 1.59pm EDT 13:59 That's all, folks Will Macpherson Well the weather has become, shall we say, a bit more seasonal this afternoon, so we had a few early finishes. Anyway, here are the scores: Division One: Middlesex 290-6 v Hampshire Lancashire 294-6 v Surrey Warwickshire 152-8 v Yorkshire Essex 60-2 v Somerset 209 Division Two: Notts 96-4 v Durham 162 Sussex 11-1 v Kent 304 Worcestershire 180-4 v Glamorgan 207 Gloucestershire 236-4 v Leicestershire Derbyshire 219-6 v Northants Thanks, as ever, for your wonderful comments and emails etc etc. They really are much appreciated and I look forward to joining you again tomorrow. We may or may not have a Vic or an Ali with us. Until then! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.51pm EDT 13:51 Van der Merwe has got Tom Westley late in the day! And that stumps at Taunton. I see Wood has nabbed Lumb’s wicket up at Durham. Game on in both. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.39pm EDT 13:39 Will Macpherson All done here at the Ageas, where Hampshire fought back very well indeed to limit Middlesex to 290 for six. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.39pm EDT 13:39 Ali Martin The sun has just broken out at the Riverside and the players are coming back on for eight overs... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.22pm EDT 13:22 All over at the Oval. What a turnaround. Into the last over at the Ageas. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.15pm EDT 13:15 New from the Oval. Jeremy B (@Jeremy_2566) Back off for bad light at the Oval. Lancashire 294-6. #SURvLAN April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.13pm EDT 13:13 Champions Trophy, anyone? Essex Cricket (@EssexCricket) Alastair Cook 33* including 28 in boundaries. 49-1. Tom Westley 5*. #SOMvESS April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.10pm EDT 13:10 JOFRA ARCHER ENDS WITH SEVEN FOR 67. He’s seriously good. Kent all out for 304. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.04pm EDT 13:04 What an effort from Jordan Clark! Marcus Hook (@_Marcus_Hook) HUNDRED - Jordan Clark brings up his ton with a hooked SIX off Footitt. He went to it thus 44.46. It came off just 118 balls. Lancs 283-6. April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1.01pm EDT 13:01 Wicket! And a very soft one too. John Simpson the man to go, slashing Wheal to point - where the sub Mason Crane to took a fine catch above his head - having dug in for 57 balls for his nine. Careless. The swashbuckling Toby Roland-Jones comes to the crease. Meanwhile in Cardiff. Glamorgan Cricket 🏏 (@GlamCricket) BAD LIGHT// It's getting gloomy in the middle and the umpires have decided to take the players off. @WorcsCCC 180/4 with Kohler-Cadmore 52no April 14, 2017 Updated at 1.01pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.59pm EDT 12:59 Jordan Clark is into the nineties at the Oval! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.51pm EDT 12:51 Jofra Archer. Prospect. Vithushan (@Vitu_E) Absolute worldie of a catch at second slip gives Archer his first Champo 5-fer. Bit of a late rally (RALLY) from Sussex. Kent 278-8 April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.50pm EDT 12:50 Googled. County Championship (@CountyChamp) Reckon you could pick this one out from @AdilRashid03? 🌪 pic.twitter.com/daCJZZznnv April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.46pm EDT 12:46 Just as I say that ... Sussex CCC (@SussexCCC) WICKET: a third strike from Shahzad! Darren Stevens is caught behind down the leg side for 68. Kent 275 for 7 #GOSBTS April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.46pm EDT 12:46 Great effort from Kent. Kent Cricket 🏏 (@kentcricket) Kent on 275-6. Stand now worth 123 runs with Stevens 68* and Parnell 40*. New ball taken: Archer and Shahzad return to attack #ProperCricket pic.twitter.com/1PSfQHXwvY April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.43pm EDT 12:43 Will Macpherson Middlesex, having been in such a strong position earlier in the day, are really digging in here with 10 overs to go in the day. Simpson has five off 44 and Abbott just keeps plugging away. 265 for five and honours about even right now. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.37pm EDT 12:37 That’s all at Derby. 219 for six, the hosts. Intrigued to hear how the Northants lads spend their extra hour or so off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 That is just superb. Durham CCC 🏏 (@DurhamCricket) 📸 We've welcomed over 2,000 people through the gate today! Thanks for your magnificent support 🙌 #DURvNOT pic.twitter.com/YSvQVRzjiX April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.35pm EDT 12:35 Wowzer it’s getting brighter in south London. Mark Church (@backandacross) We will restart at 5.40...17 overs left today #bbccricket April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.34pm EDT 12:34 Will Macpherson New balls please. Sussex CCC (@SussexCCC) The new ball has been taken by Sussex and first use will come from Vernon Philander from the Cromwell Road End. Kent 256 for 6 #GOSBTS April 14, 2017 I’ve just had an excited email from Vic saying they’re back on at Taunton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.27pm EDT 12:27 What a shot this is. Durham CCC 🏏 (@DurhamCricket) 🎥 Check this improvisation out from @spoynter_90 earlier today! 👀 #DURvNOT pic.twitter.com/WF1wh8r91t April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.21pm EDT 12:21 Hold your breath, it’s all happening at the Oval! Surrey Cricket (@surreycricket) Umpires out in the middle checking conditions with our ground staff... April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.19pm EDT 12:19 Ali Martin Bad light stops play at the Riverside where Nottinghamshire have reached 85 for three in reply to Durham’s 162. Looking at the radar, rain is on the way too... Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.18pm EDT 12:18 Will Macpherson Wicket! Kyle Abbott has struck with the new ball! I’m at an angle here so it’s difficult to tell, but I reckon he’s dragged this on, rather than been clean bowled. But it’s 258 for five, and the skipper James Franklin is in. Simpson has just four from 29. Updated at 12.19pm EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.16pm EDT 12:16 At Taunton, they are off for light with Essex two without loss. And at... Graham Hardcastle (@tykestravels) The rain has returned to Edgbaston. April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.08pm EDT 12:08 Ali Martin In answer to the Samit Patel at No3, Michael Lumb at No5 query, just asked Mick Newell who is watching on from the press box and the answer is simply: that’s the new plan. Boring eh? While typing this, Patel has just driven Graham Onions through extra and then struck a sumptuous, plumtuous on-drive, which would be the shot of the day if Stuart Poynter hadn’t deliciously lifted James Pattinson over the keeper earlier. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.00pm EDT 12:00 That’s a lot of overs after 5.15. Graham Hardcastle (@tykestravels) Planned restart at 5.15pm with 24 overs lost in the day. 23.3 left to bowl. April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.57am EDT 11:57 Ali Martin Watching a sturdy riposte from Nottinghamshire at the Riverside where Samit Patel and Michael Lumb have turned seven for three into 57 for three. Mark Wood, who came on after tea, has looked lively if bowling a touch shorter than the pitch has demanded all day but did get Lumb flashing a rising delivery past third slip. Patel, who survived a couple of lbw shouts early on, has looked in pretty good touch with some slapped cuts, laced drives and the odd flamingo pull shot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.52am EDT 11:52 All out for 209, Somerset. Essex Cricket (@EssexCricket) ☝️ | @SomersetCCC innings comes to a close on 209, with Craig Overton top edging @NeilWagner13 straight into the gloves of Wheater. #SOMvESS pic.twitter.com/4qPQ3j2H5p April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.52am EDT 11:52 A couple more wickets at Derby and they are ... Alex Winter (@_alexwinter) Off for bad light @DerbyshireCCC 219/6 #bbccricket April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.51am EDT 11:51 Well bowled; just nipped back at Eskinazi. Hampshire Cricket (@hantscricket) WICKET: A crucial wicket and it's a first for @Sean_Ervine as he clean bowls Eskinazi (82) - 234-4 (72 overs). 🌹&👑 pic.twitter.com/k4W76yxGah April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.44am EDT 11:44 ...And now Eskinazi’s been bowled! Ervine, with the keeper up, has crept one through his gate, possibly off the inside edge. It’s 234 for four, and Middlesex just need to be a wee bit careful. Light’s improved, by the way, but bad news elsewhere: More rain at Edgbaston. Bad light at the Oval. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.40am EDT 11:40 A bit wafty, ya know what I mean? Hampshire Cricket (@hantscricket) WICKET: @Brad_wheal is the man to break the partnership with @Sean_Ervine pouching the catch. Malan (43) departs with Middlesex 220-3. pic.twitter.com/84NiD23Dcm April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.39am EDT 11:39 That batting point is up for Somerset and, as Vic reminds me, there are no floodlights at Taunton. It’s 206 for nine now. At the Ageas, Eskinazi is into the 80s. He edged just wide of second slip off Wheal just now but has played very well. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 It’s a strangle, and Clarke quite clearly doesn’t think he’s hit it. Glamorgan Cricket 🏏 (@GlamCricket) WICKET! Lloyd breaks the partnership picking up the wicket of Clarke for 39. Worcestershire 80/3 #GoGlam #GLAvWOR pic.twitter.com/qG3LMuNPaa April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.32am EDT 11:32 Somerset are nine down. Joverton gone to Zaidi. Craig still there, with Leach now.197 for nine; can they sneak a point? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.29am EDT 11:29 Will Macpherson Wicket! Third of the day for Hampshire, and first for Wheal, who has plugged away manfully. Malan’s just wafted away from the body and it’s gone straight to the first of two slips. A point for Hants. Bit soft from Malan, who had 43. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.21am EDT 11:21 Always peeled, covers, aren’t they? Yorkshire CCC (@YorkshireCCC) Much brighter scene at Edgbaston now as the ground staff start to peel the covers back. April 14, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.20am EDT 11:20 I’m reliably informed that the lights are also on at the Oval. At Taunton, where I’ve no idea about the lighting situation, Trego has fallen straight after tea. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.14am EDT 11:14 If the weather is anything like it is here elsewhere, then we are going to have some early finishes through bad light. Floodies on as the players come back out. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.10am EDT 11:10 Tea time! Here are the scores from around the grounds at tea time on the first day of the second round: Division One: Middlesex 210-2 v Hampshire Lancashire 214-6 v Surrey Warwickshire 152-8 v Yorkshire (rain-affected) Somerset 186-7 v Essex Division Two: Notts 36-3 v Durham 162 Kent 197-6 v Sussex Worcestershire 52-2 v Glamorgan 207 Gloucestershire 200-2 v Leicestershire Derbyshire 194-4 v Northants Some of those games aren’t quite at the break but I can’t wait all night - players on their way back out at the Ageas. Enjoy your tea. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 4 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Cricket County cricket live blog County Championship Division One County Championship Division Two Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Cricket back to top cricket soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD486.09EUR516.28RUR8.65 Yerevan+8 ... +18 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Google rolls out a new feature to take on Pinterest April 14, 2017 - 13:03 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - For years, Pinterest has been the go-to place for many people looking for fashion inspiration. Google wants to change that. That's why it introduced a new feature called "style ideas" in the Google app for Android and mobile web, Engadget said. Let's say you're interested in buying a Zara handbag. Type the phrase into a Google image search and you'll see photos of the product. Tapping on one and scrolling down will then show a grid of more photos that showcase how the product can be worn in real life. That way, you can see if the bag really suits your taste before you click a buy button. Style ideas isn't the only fashion-friendly feature Google rolled out this week. The company also introduced "similar items," which uses machine vision technology to identify products like sunglasses and shoes when you use image search. It then displays matching products in an expanded carousel, along with information on pricing and availability -- something brands hope users will click on to buy their products. All of this is very similar to what Pinterest already offers, and it's clear Google is trying to set itself up as a competitor. And this isn't the first time it's directly targeted the photo sharing website. In 2015, it added a collections feature to Google+, offering users a way to organize and share their interests, Engadget said. Related links: Engadget. Google comes for Pinterest (and your dated sense of style)  Top stories Qualcomm countersues Apple, seeks unspecified amount in damages "Apple could not have built the iPhone franchise without relying upon Qualcomm's fundamental cellular technologies," a statement said. Future Google Pixel phones could come with curved screens A previous report claimed Google was willing to invest $880 million in LG Display to secure OLED displays for its next flagship phone. Apple Music for Android updated with iOS 10 features The 2.0 update is modeled exactly after iOS 10’s design with large headers denoting what section of the app you are viewing. Armenia - Silicon Valley of former Soviet Union: The Next Web Armenia's annual tech revenues from some 400 IT companies make up $475 million and by 2018, the article on The Next Web says. Partner news Loading...  Articles For little painters Armenian startup creates coloring game for children  Most popular in the section Netflix's new translation test to help avoid subtitle fails Apple mulls accessory that turns iPhone, iPad into touchscreen laptop Apple, Wal-Mart to continue to fight climate change despite Trump pivot Ameriabank unveils Drops app for automated payments Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for April 14, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Pope deplores racism, migrant suffering in Easter prayer The pope spoke of the child abuse scandals, expressing "shame for all the times when bishops, priests and the religious have scandalised and hurt" the Church. Gael Garcia Bernal toplines Alonso Ruizpalacios’ “Museum” Not unlike Ruizpalacios’ breakout hit, “Gueros,” “Museo” is a coming-of-age story, this time within a heist-road movie based on real events in the ‘80s. Hackers release documents showing NSA monitored global bank transfers "No individual or organization has contacted us in relation to the materials released by Shadow Brokers," Microsoft said. Carrie Fisher won't appear in “Star Wars Episode IX” In related news, co-star Mark Hamill shared an emotional tribute to Carrie during Star Wars Celebration Orlando. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Begin typing your search above and press return to search. Press Esc to cancel. Donklephant Primary Navigation Please select a menu in this location Home Mobile Nexus 6P Receives Android 7.1.2 Nougat Update With Interesting Improvements By Costea Lestoc. Published on April 14, 2017. 0 If you are one of the Nexus 6P owners that are enlisted in the beta testing program released by Google, then you will be happy to know that you can download the final version of the Android 7.1.2 Nougat update. The phone has been released for non-beta testers just a couple of days ago. Details about the Update The update wears the same build number, namely the N2G47H. Even so, since the Nexus 6P testers already installed the Android 7.1.2 version, the file size is not that big, weighing 25.4 MB. If you’re too anxious to receive the OTA (over-the-air) update to reach the Nexus 6P, you can also download the file straight from Google, then sideload it on the phone. Future Updates? People are still waiting to see if there are still other devices to participate in the beta program in the future. As it has been previously reported, the new version is one minor update for the Nexus 6P. Even so, it does not bring the highly anticipated fingerprint swipe gesture feature that was brought to the Google Pixel and Pixel XL phones. The fingerprint gestures were the subject of a controversy, since many people were disappointed when the tech giant announced that they won’t be bringing this feature to the Nexus phones. Many people thought that this was a strategy to determine Nexus users to switch to more expensive phones, namely the Pixel series, but from what it seems this is not the case. Apparently the reason behind this delay was the fact that Google did not make this a priority for their company and updates. Moreover, the update brings new alerts for battery usage, plus some interesting improvements when it comes to general connectivity and it makes for a better stability regarding the notifications. Categories Mobile Tags Android 7.1.2 Nougat UpdateNexus 6PNexus 6P Improvements 0 likes Popular Posts Software Adobe Flash Player 25.0.0.130 Update Download Available with Surprises and Fixes Apps Adobe Flash Player Updates Available With Better Security and Critical Fixes Games GTA 5 To Receive A Gun-Runner DLC Soon - GTA 6 Comes Later Than 2020 Games Mass Effect Andromeda Update Available With Bug Fixes and Graphic Improvements Software Nexus 6P, Nexus 5x, Pixel C, Pixel, Pixel XL Get Android 7.1.2 Nougat Update Subscribe to Donklephant via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 3 other subscribers Email Address Recent Comments Hafiyyan Adhlino M on Nexus 6P, Nexus 5x, Pixel C, Pixel, Pixel XL Get Android 7.1.2 Nougat Update The nexus 5x already have the system update installation too. But im still not recognizing what is the difference between previous version. Thanks for the Unknown on MacBook Pro 15 2016 vs. Dell XPS 15 2017 - Best Specs and improvements Comparison For one it entertains me you copy pasted a bias news article from Forbes. Second you can't compare the two unless they were on the […] Saima Khan on Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Hybrid - What We Know So Far? If it is coming out in October then it should come with Cannonlake not Kaby lake. Cannonlake is coming in a couple of months and Blog Stats 26,096 hits Recent Posts WhatsApp vs. Google Allo – Which One You Should Choose? Adobe Flash Player Critical Security Updates Available HTC One X10 Launches This Month With Amazing Specifications iPad PRO 9.7 vs. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 – Which One Is Better? Windows 7 and 8.1 Blocked For CPU Updates Home Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy 2017 © Donklephant
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Internet 7 New Amazon Prime Benefits You Didn’t Know About Joel Lee Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Windows Why You Should NOT Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Yet Joe Keeley Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Google’s Newest Tool Can Turn You Into a Skilled Artist Internet Creative Google’s Newest Tool Can Turn You Into a Skilled Artist Saikat Basu April 14, 2017 14-04-2017 2 minutes Google’s Newest Tool Can Turn You Into a Skilled Artist Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Will artificial intelligence bring the age of artists to an abrupt end one day? Will machines really take over? Probably not any time soon, but the latest experiment from Google is a potent reminder that there’s still much potential to tap in AI. Today, we can pose as skilled artists thanks to machine learning. AutoDraw is a new website from Google that turns your amateurish doodles into recognizable clip art. AutoDraw Is More Than Basic Drawing AutoDraw gives you a canvas, a basic drawing tool, a type tool, and a couple of other icons for shapes and fill. But the focus of the program is to help you sketch with the main AutoDraw tool. Draw something — anything! — and the program will take your clumsy doodles and turn them into clip art drawings that look like the real thing. The magic happens in the background where artificial intelligence goes to work and guesses what you want to draw. As soon as you start sketching, a row of images appears on top of the canvas to indicate what Google’s AI thinks you’re trying to draw. You can click on one of them to instantly change your doodle to the more polished image. Think of it as if you’re playing Pictionary with Google… with some extra benefits. You can use the other tools — use color and fill or add text — to polish the clip art further. You can always select the drawing and resize, rotate, or flip it. Happy with your final image? Download it as a JPEG or share it with friends. Google’s idea is to make the drawing process easier on any digital device. AutoDraw is a web-based tool but it works just as well on your mobile screen. Manifest Your Creativity With AutoDraw This is your best chance to turn ugly drawings into something passable. And we’re still in the early days! I personally hope the collection of clip art contributed by the community continues to expand. It will boost the scope of the program and what we can do with it. For instance, we don’t have to go hunting for presentation clip art The Best Websites for Free Clipart Downloads The Best Websites for Free Clipart Downloads Today's clipart needs to be modern, colorful, and less cartoonish. Try these 13 the top websites for free clipart downloads when you need to search for the right image in a short time. Read More or take the tedious route to make our own for PowerPoint presentations. Making a quick infographic could get easier. We can simply draw and let AutoDraw hew away at the rough edges. Also, read Google’s announcement on its blog and check out Quick, Draw! that uses the same AI technology. Try AutoDraw. Tell us if it recognizes your ugly squiggles. Just how cool is it? Previous Post10+ Prank Phone Numbers to Hand a Bad Date at the End of the NightNext Post17 Easy Home Repair Tips You Can Learn From YouTube Anytime 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Saikat Basu 1218 articles Saikat is a techno-adventurer in a writer's garb. When he is not scouring the net for tech news, you can catch him looking for life hacks and learning tidbits. You can find him on LinkedIn & Twitter watching over the world. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Chuwi HiBox Hero Windows/Android Mini PC Review And Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Aukey Cortex 4K VR Headset Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Yuneec Breeze 4k Selfie Drone Review and Giveaway Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M Jio Summer Surprise offer still available, more Jio offers coming soon Aadhaar may soon become mandatory to board plane for domestic flights Jio Summer Surprise offers extra 100GB 4G data on Prime plans above Rs 999 Jio extends free service with Summer Surprise offer: What is it and how it works Home > Technology > Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 look so good that specs, hardware may not matter Javed Anwer   |   @brijwaasi Last Updated: APR 15, 2017 New Delhi Email Author HMD Global is gearing up to launch its new Nokia Android phones in India. There is no launch date yet. But it is happening soon, and definitely before June end. There are three phones to start with. The Nokia 6 is already selling in China. The global rollout, including launch in India, will be before the end of Q2 this year, which in other words means before the end of June. Along with the Nokia 6, you will also see the Nokia 6 ARTE Edition, the Nokia 3 and the Nokia 5 coming in the Indian market in the next two months. The question now is what are these new Nokias bringing to the table. And are they worth the wait? It will be a while before we get to truly get to try the Nokia Android phones. It's only when they are out in the market we will be able to compare them with the rest. Will Nokia be better or Xiaomi? Right now is not the time to tackle this question. Nokia is still hard at work, polishing its new Android phones to a perfection so the best way to judge the Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 will be once they are out in the market and have a proper price tag on them. The phones right now are as good as any out there in the market, but the design may change in subtle ways ahead of the launch. Then there is the software, which Nokia is still optimising. But even at this early stage -- HMD executives love to say that the company is just four-five months old -- there is a lot of promise and potential the new Nokia phones exhibit. They truly seem to mark the return of the prodigal. Three promises Ajey Mehta, an ex-Nokia and Microsoft executive with over 10 decade of experience in the smartphone industry, is the man leading the charge for HMD in India. For months now, he is using a Nokia 6, while occasionally swapping it for a Nokia 3 or Nokia 5. And he can't stop talking about how his Nokia 6 is different compared to whatever else that is out there in the market. Essentially, he says, there are three basic pillars that HMD has used to build its Nokia Android phones. Impeccable design and build quality: This is one area where Nokia has been traditionally strong. HMD wants to keep the legacy intact. That is why the company has paid a special attention to the design of its phones. In a market where almost every phone looks like a clone of an iPhone or an HTC 10, the Nokia phones look different. The new Nokia phones use unmodified Android Nougat The Nokia 6, for example, is boxier compared to most other phones in the market. In a way, it is somewhat similar to the Lumia 950 and others, also understandably so given the fact that most of the people who worked with Microsoft Mobile are now part of the HMD. The Nokia 6 ARTE edition is in a class of its own with its black piano finish (it will also collect smudges and scratches very easily). The Nokia 5 has a quality premium finish despite its seemingly more affordable price tag, and the Nokia 3, even with its plastic back cover paired with a metal frame, has a personality that stands out in the crowd of similar-looking smartphones. The build quality of the phones too is good. They are made, says Ajey, by Foxconn, the same company that makes the iPhone and many of the Xiaomi phones. Foxconn, incidentally, is not just a manufacturer for the new Nokia Android phones. It is a stakeholder in the whole "bring Nokia back" program along with HMD and Nokia, the network company that still owns the brand Nokia. For now, I don't know how well the Nokia phones will hold up when they are into the hands of consumers. Will they be the same old "unbreakable" Nokias of old? I don't know. But the Nokia 6, the Nokia 5 and the Nokia 3, are well built phone. And they look good. In fact, they look better in hands than in images. And they feel incredible, especially the Nokia 6 with smooth metal body that seem to have silky smooth finish. All three also have curved glass on the front, as well as really sturdy metal frame, and that too adds to how these phone feel in hands. Rich experience: This again comes from the old Nokia. The company has this legacy of offering phones with good screens, good cameras and good speakers. Basically, the idea is to give users great experience, instead of just some specs and hardware. Ajey says that the same idea continues with the Nokia 6, the Nokia 5 and the Nokia 3. Although, this is a claim that India Today Tech will be putting to a test when these phones launch here in India, the Nokia 6, the Nokia 3 and the Nokia 5 do seem like the devices that will deliver on their promise. Pixel-like experience is indeed what you see on the Nokia 6, Nokia 5, and -- even more remarkably -- on the Nokia 3. All three phones run Android 7.1.1 aka Android Nougat right now. This is an Android that is unmodified Ajey highlights that to ensure consumers get good experience with the Nokia 6, the company has equipped it with stereo speakers. That is a rarity in a phone that is supposed to sell around Rs 20,000. This is also the phone that comes with two different SIM slots along with a dedicated slot for mmicroSD card. "We don't want consumers to opt between a SIM card and microSD card in this phone. They can use two SIM cards as well as a microSD card," says Ajey. The Nokia 6, the Nokia 3 and the Nokia 5 that I checked also has pretty good screens, at least that is the impression I got in the brief time I spent with them. Pure Android: This is the trump card for Nokia. Ajey says that so focussed is HMD on delivering clean and fast Android experience to consumers that it is working with Google to optimise Android for the new Nokia phones. It has also decided that all new Nokia smartphones will run pure, or in other words, unmodified version of Android. The HMD is aiming at Google Pixel like experience for consumers in the Nokia Android when it comes to software, says Ajey. The Nokia 5, with its full metal body, looks quite neat in blue colourPixel-like experience is indeed what you see on the Nokia 6, Nokia 5, and -- even more remarkably -- on the Nokia 3. All three phones run Android 7.1.1 aka Android Nougat right now. This is an Android that is unmodified. It has the same clean interface that is part of the Google Nougat, which you get on a Google Nexus or Google Pixel phone. Same notification shade. Same app drawer. Same Android Now. Same Google apps. Same clean colours, the vibrant colours place atop fresh white layers. It also looks well optimised. In my brief time with the Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3, I didn't see any lag on these phones. The animations were smooth. The apps opened without any stutters. Though I must add that the phones were not connected to the internet, and there wasn't much going on in the background. The real test for the Nokia Android phones will be when people use them, the way they use them. Another benefit of pure Android, says Ajey, is that Nokia will update the phones quickly. The security updates that Google issues will come to the new Nokia phones come within days. The big OS updates that Google makes for Android too will be rolled out to the Nokia 6, the Nokia 5 and the Nokia 3 in a timely manner. HMD says that it has already created an ecosystem that will be geared to offer fast Android updates. "Everyone is on board, from Google to Qualcomm. We are working with all stakeholders, including telecom companies, to ensure that Nokia Android phone users get fast updates, whenever there are updates from Google," says Ajey.  Move over specs The year 2017 is turning out be the kind of year when the specs and hardware details are taking a backseat. The LG G6, despite using last year's processor, is shaping up to be a fantastic phone this year. OnePlus may take the same route with its upcoming OnePlus 5. In a way, even the mighty Galaxy S8 this year is focusing more on the overall experience instead of flaunting its hardware specifications. The Nokia phones look similar. If you go by the specifications, the Nokia 6, the Nokia 5 and the Nokia 3 look odd ones out in the crowded smartphone market. But pick them up and hold them, and chances are that you won't be bothered with the specs of these phones. There is something unique about the Nokia phones, in a good way. And no that uniqueness is not just the nostalgia part. There are phones that are more than the sum of their parts. Motorola's Moto G phones have been like that for years now. The same was true of the HTC A9, which was a phenomenal phone despite its seemingly average hardware specs sheet. The same looks true for the Nokia 6, Nokia 3 and the Nokia 5. When I used them, I was impressed enough by their clean Android, good design, nice screens and overall feel to care about their specs. Although at this early stage, I must also sound a word of caution. I have not used the cameras in these phones. I haven't taken them out and looked at their screens under the sun. I don't know right now if they will heat up or not. I have no idea about their battery life. Also Read: Nokia Android phones are going to be similar to Google Nexus phones Yet, while using them I was impressed with all three of the new Nokias. For most users, these are the phones that may make them forget about specs. The design, software, brand name Nokia, the promise of timely updates seems like a good enough mix that will likely appeal to consumers who want clean Android experience without the fluff and junk that phone makers nowadays put in their devices. Nokia 6, Nokia 5 and Nokia 3 India launch and prices The only bit that is certain about the Nokia 6, the Nokia 5 and the Nokia 3 India launch is that these phones will arrive before the end of Q2, 2017. HMD's idea is that the company should have sizable stock of the phones when it launches them. These phones will be available online as well as offline both and HMD will have service centres in at least 250 Indian cities for these phones. Given that the launch date is somewhat away, the prices too are not clear for now. Globally, the price of the Nokia 6 is Euros 229 and the ARTE edition carries a tag of Euros 299. The Nokia 5 has a price of Euros 189 while the Nokia 3 has been priced Euros 139. India prices of the Nokia 6, the Nokia 3 and the Nokia 5 are expected to be similar, but a lot is going to depend on the prevailing exchange rate when these phones launch here in India. For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Vodafone offers 28GB data and free calls for Rs 346, offer only until March 15 Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 28,999 isn't such a good idea. Because, OnePlus 3T Airtel offers 28GB 4G data, unlimited calls for Rs 345 to counter Jio Prime Airtel changes Infinity plans again? More data, Rs 499 base pack on offer Recommended Reviews CAT S60 Review: Rugged but not for everyone Samsung Galaxy C9 Pro review: The big friendly giant Samsung Galaxy A7 2017 review: Ticks almost all the right boxes Coolpad Note 5 Lite review: Looks can be deceiving Sony Xperia XZs review: The pint-sized RX100 IV VIDEOS Top smartphones to buy under Rs 30,000 CAT S60 Review: Super rugged but not for everyone Xiaomi Mi 6 and Nokia 9: What to expect more Tech Tips Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India OnePlus 3 and Android Nougat: If you can't wait, get it manually in easy steps more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaAirtel Internet TV marries the old with the new in a seamless manner Javed AnwerGovt makes Aadhaar must to download map files, will it be needed next to connect to web? Priya PathakWhatsApp, Facebook addiction is as bad as cocaine craze Javed AnwerEnd of Jio Summer Surprise is no blow, TRAI advise may help Reliance Javed AnwerWhat is wrong with Micromax Dual 5 price? Hint: nothing more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Google Photos will stabilise your videos now but it also adds distortion and warping By tech2 News Staff /  14 Apr 2017 , 13:13 #Google Photos Google has updated its Google Photos app with a new trick up its sleeve. The latest version v2.13 of the app comes along with an option to stabilise your videos. This new feature comes months after the company added GIF editing, image stabilisation and concept based short movies last year. The interesting part about the feature is that you don’t need to send it to cloud and the entire process takes place on your smartphone locally. To get started, you need to open Google Photos and locate the video, open the video in the app and tap on the pencil icon. Tapping on the pencil icon will give you the option to ‘Stabilise’ the video or rotate it. Tapping on ‘Stabilise’ will start the process and it will take a couple of seconds before the video is stabilised. One thing to note here is that the app will save the stabilised video as a separate video file on your phone keeping the original video intact. The stabilisation itself is okay but it does introduce weird visual distortions and warping that makes it look like a scene straight out of Doctor Strange. Google will hopefully improve the algorithms over time. Publish date: April 14, 2017 1:13 pm| Modified date: April 14, 2017 3:33 pm Tags: Google, Google+ photos, photos, Video stabilisation, Videos, Visual distortions, Warping Also read Google Photos 2.0 for iOS can now turn Live Photos into GIFs Google Photos makes sharing quicker, and starts creating concept based movies X Recommended For You The Facebook Slideshow movie-maker is finally rolling out to Android devices Google launches PhotoScan, a new app powered by Google Photos to scan old photos Adobe Photoshop Express now comes with Google Photos integration Google Photos makes sharing quicker, and starts creating concept based movies Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance #Internet Apr 15, 2017 Banning pre-natal sex determination sites does not curtail right to Internet access: Supreme Court #BHIM Apr 15, 2017 Bhim Aadhaar payments platform has potential to revolutionise Indian economy, says Narendra Modi #Partnered Mar 30, 2017 The Fashion Shopper has gone mobile: New report by BCG & Facebook #Nasa Apr 15, 2017 Nasa to broadcast world’s first 360-degree stream of rocket launch on 18 April #Uber Apr 15, 2017 Uber has generated $6.5bn is revenue in 2016, adjusted net loss stands at $2.8bn #Facebook M Apr 15, 2017 Facebook M chatbot still being tested with limited users, but is getting more intelligent SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Saturday, Apr 15, 2017 | Last Update : 12:36 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Technology, In Other News Google launches a food delivery, home services app in India DECCAN CHRONICLE Published Apr 14, 2017, 12:55 pm IST Updated Apr 14, 2017, 12:56 pm IST Google’s Areo is an experiment to become the middleman between the user and the service provider.  Google Areo is presently available in Bengaluru and Mumbai, but will be covering other major cities soon. Google has quietly launched a utility app named Areo on the PlayStore and is presently available only in India, particularly Mumbai and Bengaluru. The app is an attempt by Google at being the interface between the buyer and the seller, through an Android smartphone. The Areo app is an aggregator service for various hyper-local brands like Faasos, UrbanClap, Box8, Holachef, Zimmber and Freshmenu. The app is draped in Google’s Material Design and has options related to food ordering services and home services for now. It picks up the location of the user and provides him the supported services available around him. That means if you are hungry, you open Areo and choose various dishes or meals available for delivery to your location. Once you select your choice, you can order the food item through the app and even carry on with the payment process. The app will also notify you about the placed order and various offers as well. In the future, more service providers will join the services of Google Areo and if the app generates demand, then Google could start charging a commission between 5-15 percent on each order placed through the app, as hinted by one service provider on Areo. If Google’s Areo succeeds in catching attention of the users, then it might pose as a serious competitor to existing players like Zomato, Swiggy and various other “middleman” apps. Tags: google, faasos, swiggy food order & delivery, google areo, google food services, google services, box8, google home services Lifestyle Gallery Dad photoshops daughter in terrifying situations for heart-warming reason Tourists celebrate Buddhist New Year in Thailand Vibrant traditions mark Palm Sunday celebrations across the globe Netizens are helping Trump build 'ties' in the funniest way Spain celebrates colourful mask parade ahead of carnival celebrations Globe-trotting couple earns thousands of dollars per Instagram shot ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   'Unsend' message feature, new shortcuts in test on WhatsApp   Watch: 'Chhilka' Ranveer locks horns with 'Milkha' Farhan in a thrilling race   Red iPhone 7 now available in India, with price cut of Rs 4,000   Virat Kohli changes Instagram picture alongside ladylove Anushka Sharma   In a first, doctors successfully operate on baby with 8 limbs at Delhi hospital   Survey reveals the kind of porn that women enjoy watching ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Other News Samsung will soon become a victim of its own success, say investors An app that lets you have a sexy 30-seconds video chat Instagram’s Snapchat clone is more popular than Snapchat itself Watch | Burger King’s latest ad hijacks Android phones Will cooperate in blocking sexually offensive videos: WhatsApp tells SC ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Six months on, no trace of Najeeb: Delay in tracing auto driver, no CCTV footage bring probe to halt If BJP comes to power, we will reduce power tariff by 30%: Manoj Tiwari Sinking Valley SC ban on liquor sale: It’s no more ‘high’ way for hotels Video vs video: Tailor says Army tied me to jeep, paraded me across 9 villages Home Technology Tech News Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices Burger King debuts Whopper ad that triggers Google Home devices Burger King announced it will televise a commercial that is designed to activate Google voice controlled devices raising questions if marketing tactics have become too invasive. By: Reuters | New York | Updated: April 14, 2017 1:23 pm Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. , said the ad is not in collaboration with Google . (Source: YouTube) Fast-food chain Burger King said on Wednesday it will start televising a commercial for its signature Whopper sandwich that is designed to activate Google voice-controlled devices, raising questions about whether marketing tactics have become too invasive. The 15-second ad starts with a Burger King employee holding up the sandwich saying, “You’re watching a 15-second Burger King ad, which is unfortunately not enough time to explain all the fresh ingredients in the Whopper sandwich. But I’ve got an idea. OK, Google, what is the Whopper burger?” If a viewer has the Google Home assistant or an Android phone with voice search enabled within listening range of the TV, that last phrase – “Hello Google, what is the Whopper burger?” – is intended to trigger the device to search for Whopper on Google and read out the finding from Wikipedia. “Burger King saw an opportunity to do something exciting with the emerging technology of intelligent personal assistant devices,” said a Burger King representative.Burger King, owned by Restaurant Brands International Inc. , said the ad is not in collaboration with Google . Google declined to comment and Wikipedia was not available for comment. The ad, which became available on YouTube on Wednesday, will run nationally during prime-time on networks such as Spike, Comedy Central, MTV, E! and Bravo, and also on late-night shows starring Jimmy Kimmel and Jimmy Fallon. Some media outlets, including CNN Money, reported that Google Home stopped responding to the commercial shortly after the ad became available on YouTube. Also Read: Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Which one is better? Voice-powered digital assistants such as Google Home and Amazon’s Echo have been largely a novelty for consumers since Apple’s Siri introduced the technology to the masses in 2011. The devices can have a conversation by understanding context and relationships, and many use them for daily activities such as sending text messages and checking appointments. Many in the industry believe the voice technology will soon become one of the main ways users interact with devices, and Apple, Google and Amazon are racing to present their assistants to as many people as possible. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Android Burger King Google Wikipedia No Comments. Best of Express Kulbhushan Jadhav death sentence: India cancels maritime talks with Pakistan amid tension EntertainmentBegum Jaan movie review: Vidya Balan tries to invest some feeling into her role which soon turns clichéd EntertainmentKarisma Kapoor's ex-husband Sanjay Kapur is now married to Priya Sachdev. See pic EntertainmentThe Kapil Sharma Show survives Sunil Grover clash, but loses out to Nach Baliye 8 in TV's top 10 EntertainmentTiger Zinda Hai: Salman Khan-Katrina Kaif look as fresh as the snow in Austria. But why aren't they together? See pics Must Read SportsAfter Tye, the noose for Rising Pune Supergiant SportsIPL 2017: Mumbai Indians’ escape artists SportsTye becomes first bowler to take hat-trick on IPL debut TechnologyAirtel unveils Double Your Holiday Surprises offer; gives 10GB free data and more TechnologyReliance Jio Prime, Dhan Dhana Dhan offer deadline today: Top 5 things to know Technology4G just in, Centre gears up to make 5G a reality by 2020 LifestyleKareena Kapoor Khan's airport style is glamorous yet comfy Apr 15: Latest News Manohar Parrikar on Pakistan: Empty vessels make the most noise Kareena Kapoor Khan’s airport style is glamorous yet comfy US’ ‘Mother of All Bombs’ killed at least 90 ISIS militants in Afghanistan: Afghan officials Kumkum Bhagya 14th April 2017 full episode written update: Will Pragya fight back? Terrorism one of gravest threats to religious freedom: Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Technology » Internet & Social Media ﻿ Google introduces new ''style ideas'' feature on Image Search ANI | Last Updated: Friday, April 14, 2017 - 13:01 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: To enhance user experience when searching for fashion, Google on Thursday introduced a new feature called `style ideas` on mobile web and in the Google app for Android. Image Search is full of pictures to help users find places to travel, items to purchase or shots of one`s favourite celebrities, art and memes. Through this feature, users can get an idea of how a product looks by glancing through high quality, fashionable images. The fashion industry these days has expanded in such a way that it is hard to know where to start. For example, if a user is confused on what bag and jeans match a particular pair of footwear or needs some ensemble ideas, the new update on image search highlights a variety of options, depending on preferred style, colour, pattern and so on. As an added bonus, users will also see an expanded carousel for similar items while searching for apparel products. This means that users now will be able to find product offerings that may suit their tastes. First Published: Friday, April 14, 2017 - 13:01 More from zeenews   India The Buddhist monk who witnessed 'spiritual makeover' of BR Ambedkar Mercury crosses 40 deg C at many places, Jaisalmer sizzles at 45.6 deg C After victory in Uttar Pradesh, BJP to focus on states crucial for its fortunes in 2019 More from India World North Korea displays submarine-based missiles for first time at military parade Sri Lanka rubbish dump landslide kills six, engulfs dozens of houses United Air passenger says scorpion bit him on flight from Texas More from World Sports Leeds United striker Chris Wood's late strike foils New castle 1-1, leaves Brighton clear four points ahead Australian paceman Andrew Tye ends long IPL wait with match winning figures aginst RPS West Indies all-rounder Andre Russell hoping to sign Priyanka Chopra or Deepika Padukone for debut album More from Sports Entertainment Married LGBT adults healthier, happier, says new study Summer care: Here’s how you can keep body odour at bay There's going to be a 'Friends' musical! More from Entertaiment Health Iced tea consumption linked to increase in cholera risk in endemic countries Weighing over 17 kgs at just eight months, baby girl in Punjab leaves doctors perplexed! China, you have been warned: WHO estimates 200 million smoking-related deaths this century! More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed UP CM Yogi Adityanath interacts with public on launch of hi-tech ambulance service in Lucknow Delhi Deputy CM Manish Sisodia proclaims AAP's defeat in Rajouri Garden Why is the Indian Army being mistreated in Jammu and Kashmir? DNA: What led to AAP's loss in Rajouri Garden seat during by-polls? US drops largest non-nuclear bomb ever used on ISIS caves in Afghanistan IPL 2017: Mumbai Indians skipper Rohit Sharma takes a flying, one-handed catch to dismiss AB de Villiers — WATCH Yogi Adityanth's another big gift to UP, ambulances with life-saving technology launched Rising Pune Supergiant skipper Steve Smith not bothered about MS Dhoni's form woes Yogi Adityanath's another huge announcement – 24x7 electricity for all in Uttar Pradesh Sunil Grover returns to public platform, does IPL commentary with beautiful Sunny Leone — WATCH Related News Google introduces 'style ideas' for fashion Nestle partners Google, Paytm to promote new Maggi noodles Citizens have right to have access to internet: Supreme Court   Google releases app for food delivery, home services Google Doodle honours famous Indian artist Jamini Roy TAGS Google Google style ideas Google mobile web Google App Android Google Image Search Photos Sensational Celeb Images DAY IN PICS - 15 April 2017 Half Girlfriend Top Videos DNA: Was USA's MOAB attack in Afghanistan a warning in disguise for North Korea? When will India adopt America-Israel policy on terrorism? Student in Pakistan brutally beaten to death by group on campus; video goes viral Watch: PM Modi addresses public on Dr BR Ambedkar's 126th birth anniversary in Nagpur More from other Sections IPL 2017: Table toppers Mumbai Indian take on recovering Gujarat Lions IPL 2017: Team captains Virat Kohli, Steve Smith look for turnaround as RCB take on Supergiant Hanuman Gayatri Mantra for knowledge and success Kumkum Bhagya April 14 Episode update: Pragya refuses to stop Abhi from getting married to Tanu Even after losing 242 kg in two months, Eman Ahmed will never be able to walk again CRISPR-based rapid, inexpensive diagnostic tool created contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info Careers WHERE TO WATCH Partner Site: DAILY NEWS AND ANALYSIS news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
