News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Google’s Allo app lets you send extra-secure… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Broncos Insider CU Buffs ranked No. 10 Mediterranean Revival mansion Visit Denver tourism Denver homeless sweeps Snow in Denver Business Technology Google’s Allo app lets you send extra-secure “incognito” messages Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By The Washington Post September 26, 2016 at 12:57 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House Paxton Lynch’s progress as he takes full Broncos’ practice reps; Aqib Talib returns A supersonic jet faster than the Concorde will get public design debut in Centennial Nepotism and the Trump transition team Cholesterol drug shows promise to help reverse heart disease Colorado Buffaloes ranked No. 10 in latest College Football Playoff rankings By Andrea Peterson, The Washington Post Google started offering users end-to-end encryption for the first time Wednesday with its new Allo instant messaging app. The move makes Google the latest company to follow a tech trend that has privacy advocates cheering, but some law enforcement officials worried. Conversations in Allo are not automatically protected by that extra secure form of encryption, which allows only those who send and receive messages to unlock them. Rather, users can choose to have “incognito” conversations that feature the security measure — much like a system that Facebook is testing in its Messenger app. Other conversations in Allo are still encrypted between the app and Google’s servers, but that means the tech company will be able to access the content of those messages. End-to-end encryption is becoming a standard feature for instant messaging apps. Other programs, including Apple’s iMessage and Facebook-owned Whatsapp, protect messages with end-to-end encryption by default. Related Articles September 22, 2016 Yahoo hack steals personal info from at least 500M accounts September 19, 2016 Cybersecurity’s Webroot acquires San Diego data-science security firm September 1, 2016 Colorado adds academic spokes to existing cybersecurity hub Some law enforcement officials, most notably FBI Director James Comey, have warned that the spread of end-to-end encryption could help criminals and terrorists “go dark” because companies cannot access the content of the encrypted communications even when faced with a warrant. Civil liberties advocates and technology experts, on the other hand, have generally praised the expansion of end-to-end encryption in consumer devices as a step forward for users’ privacy and cybersecurity. Some privacy and civil liberties advocates have criticized Google for its slow progress on the encryption front. “Google is a day late and a dollar short,” said Johns Hopkins professor and cryptography expert Matthew Green. He also criticized Google for backing away from a privacy feature that was expected to be in Allo. When the company unveiled plans for the app, it said logs of users who were not in incognito mode would be de-identified and not permanently stored on its servers. But that’s not the case in the version of the app released Wednesday, which could leave Allo users’ intimate chats at risk of being subpoenaed. The reason for the shift, according to the Verge, was to improve virtual assistant features built into the app. But Green sees the move as a sign that Google may be unwilling to depart from a business model built on harvesting user data to underpin its lucrative targeted ads market. “If Google doesn’t see data, they feel that they don’t want to be in that business,” he said. “That’s fine, but customers should be aware that’s how they feel about it.” While Allo is the first Google product with end-to-end encryption baked in, it isn’t the first time the company has tried to use the technology in its products. Two years ago the company announced plans for a browser plugin that would help Gmail users send and receive encrypted email. The plugin still hasn’t been released. Tags:  cybersecurity,  Google Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Technology U.S. urges stronger security for internet-enabled devices November 16, 2016, 5:37 am The Obama administration urged companies on Tuesday to make millions of devices safe from hacking, underscoring the risks posed by an increasingly bewildering array of internet-connected products permeating daily life, covering everything from fitness trackers to computers in automobiles. Crowdfunding small business loans has Denver lender P2Bi landing $7.7 million for itself November 15, 2016, 6:04 pm The Denver company that provides millions of dollars in loans to small businesses has received a cash infusion of its own. P2BInvestor said Tuesday it raised $7.7 million from investors who believe in the money lender’s method of crowdfunding loans has a big future. Cadillacs and Chevy Volts join car-sharing options as GM’s Maven launches in Denver November 16, 2016, 9:11 am As Lindsey Whiddon prepped for this week’s launch of General Motors new car-sharing service Maven, she plunged into city life to study traffic flow and talk to residents about how they would use a carsharing service. Lincoln Tech launches CNG repair program at Denver campus November 15, 2016, 5:56 pm Lincoln Tech, a private trade school, is rolling out a new program at its Denver campus to train mechanics to work on compressed natural gas or CNG vehicles, which are gaining traction with local governments, waste haulers and delivery fleets. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Twitter Mergers and Acquisitions What price for Twitter? A lot, which might be a big issue for many buyers. Could it fetch up to $30 billion, as some sources suggest? by Kara Swisher and Kurt Wagner Sep 23, 2016, 12:32pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Will he or won’t he? Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey has some decisions to make. Asa Mathat How serious is this Twitter sales effort? According to sources we’ve spoken to, it’s more of a soft outreach and inbound than a formal one for both Twitter and any possible suitors, which is how most of these things start. As a fiduciary duty, the board of Twitter must consider the options and is doing so, although informally. And possible buyers also have to check in, largely because Twitter is one of the few interesting and impactful digital platforms around. It might be limping, but it’s not lame (see Yahoo for that). And its mass of data, advertising potential, mobile video opportunity and real-time news capabilities make it a must-look. Last week, Recode posted an extensive list of possible buyers of Twitter and the reasons pro and con, since the noise around the company’s possible sale has gotten so deafening. Our argument was that Twitter was clearly prepping for a possible sale, despite all their protestations to the contrary, because it has not been able to grow independently and its persistent tinkering with its product has not worked. Simply put, a slowing advertising base and stalled user growth means that serious sale options need to be considered. Today, the cacophony was upped dramatically when CNBC’s David Faber, who is the most expert of banker whisperers, reported that the sale discussions had indeed escalated with board buy-in and that Salesforce and Google were among the potential bidders. This board direction has been clear for a while, with co-founder Evan Williams even indicating that publicly recently that directors were considering all options. And both Google and Salesforce were on our list too, along with Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, big media (Disney, News Corp/Fox), big pipes (Comcast, Verizon) and private equity. Every one of the buyers had great — though different —reasons for doing so, even if there is a lot of hair on every single possible purchase. One company we left off was Snapchat, which is an intriguing concept, since it would marry a communications hotshot with a unique broadcast platform. Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel and Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey have known each other for a long time and were once close, although Snapchat has not yet made any splashy acquisitions, and certainly none that would come even close to Twitter’s price tag. IBM was left off, too, but could be intriguing thanks to its focus on major data efforts. But for how much? While we estimated an $18 billion price tag based on the recent sale of LinkedIn to Microsoft, two sources said Twitter was looking for much more to sell. The number? At least $30 billion. Yikes. That could knock Salesforce out, although it made a serious run at LinkedIn which went for $26 billion a few months back. (That said Salesforce’s market cap is just under $50 billion, lower today by 5 percent due to the Twitter rumors, meaning Wall Street no likey). In contrast, Google has plenty of money to spare, even if it does not have the desire to buy all that regulatory and trolling trouble. It’s also not clear how interested Alphabet CEO Larry Page is in the idea. Still, the Google buy seems the most likely, given how much both sides would benefit. As Kurt wrote: “There’s a good reason Google’s name always tops this list: It makes the most sense! Google has the money — Alphabet generated more revenue last quarter alone ($21 billion) than Twitter is actually worth. And while the company has tried its hand at social media before (I think we can all now agree that Google+ has been a minus), Twitter would give it a legitimate social platform to tie in with YouTube, which is now feeling heat from Facebook and Snapchat, which are very social. Could Google make good use of Twitter properties like Vine and Periscope by coupling them in some kind of media hybrid offering with YouTube? Maybe!” Remember, Google also kicked the tires on LinkedIn before its sale to Microsoft. So maybe there’s more appetite for a social play than we once thought. But good ideas do not acquisitions make, and Twitter is the digital equivalent of a jewel wrapped in a very gnarly hairball. As one former exec there told us recently: "Twitter is the most invaluable company that no one really wants to buy." That’s not true. At this point, the question is when and how. If it suffers another weak quarter, as most expect it to, a sale seems inevitable. recode_divider More From Recode With Apple now selling used iPhones, the new phone market may have peaked 23andMe President Andy Page is departing Recode Daily: Snapchat is speeding toward its IPO Facebook says it miscalculated more metrics, but it’s telling advertisers not to worry LinkedIn’s CEO says the U.S. cares too much about four-year college degrees Where we choose to work is a big deal, office designers Yves Behar and Ryan Mullenix say Trending Google’s Diane Greene says the singularity won’t arrive in her sentient lifetime No satire: The stars of HBO’s ‘Silicon Valley’ say they got ‘cucked’ in an LA bar Marc Benioff says companies buy each other for the data, and the government isn’t doing anything about it More in Trending This Article has a component height of 15. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Apple Voices Consumer With Apple now selling used iPhones, the new phone market may have peaked by Tom Mainelli Today, buying a smartphone is a lot like buying a car. Health Care Comings and Goings 23andMe President Andy Page is departing by Kara Swisher@karaswisher He will remain on the board of the personal genomics company. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Snapchat is speeding toward its IPO by John Murrell Confidential filing targets the valuation at $20 billion to $25 billion. Facebook Advertising Facebook says it miscalculated more metrics, but it’s telling advertisers not to worry by Peter Kafka On the plus side: This has nothing to do with fake news. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Indices Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home Politics Economy Tech Technology Home Media Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Twitter initiates talks with tech companies over sale - source Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Sat Sep 24, 2016 | 12:44am BST Twitter initiates talks with tech companies over sale - source left right A 3D-printed logo for Twitter is seen in this picture illustration made in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina on January 26, 2016. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration/File Photo 1/3 left right People holding mobile phones are silhouetted against a backdrop projected with the Twitter logo in this illustration picture taken in Warsaw September 27, 2013. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration/File Photo 2/3 left right Jack Dorsey, CEO of Square and CEO of Twitter, speaks during an interview November 19, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/Files 3/3 By Greg Roumeliotis and Liana B. Baker Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signalling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumours for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company's business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google (GOOGL.O) and may receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters that Salesforce.com (CRM.N) is also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google's parent company did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on M&A rumours but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 19 percent to $22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around $16 billion (12 billion pounds). Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. "From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce," Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $22 per share. Twitter is working with investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co in considering possible transactions, sources familiar with the situation said. SALESFORCE SURPRISE The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com's interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new "Einstein" artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company's strategy . Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter "firehose" of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. Salesforce Chief Executive Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are located just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce's chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted on Friday: "Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others." Later, Afshar added: "I have tweeted my personal views regarding 'Why Twitter?' numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter." RIVALS ASCEND Afshar's sentiment is not shared on Wall Street, however. Twitter missed Wall Street's sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3 billion since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook's Instagram and Snapchat. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Twitter's revenue grew rapidly under former Chief Executive Dick Costolo, but stagnant user growth and mounting complaints about lack of innovation in the product led to Costolo's departure last year. The company has also faced criticism for its failure to stem abuse on the platform and for missing the opportunity to play a bigger role in the red-hot messaging arena. Twitter has 313 million monthly users, up just 3 percent from a year ago. Co-founder Jack Dorsey returned to the company as chief executive in 2015 while retaining his role as CEO of payment company Square, and his plan for reviving Twitter is at best seen as unfinished. Recent moves to be a big player in live video, including a deal to broadcast NFL games, are too new to be reflected in user growth or ad sales. Twitter went public in November 2013 at $26 a share. The shares peaked above $74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday's close at $18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value. (Reporting By Liana B. Baker, Dan Burns, Greg Roumeliotis and Sinead Carew; Writing by Jonathan Weber; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) Next In Business News Bank of England to get powers to regulate buy-to-let mortgages LONDON The Bank of England will receive the power early next year to regulate mortgages used by small landlords to purchase rental property, Britain's finance ministry said on Wednesday. Jaguar Land Rover says half of its new cars will have electric option by 2020 LONDON Half of all new Jaguar Land Rover vehicles will be available in an electric version by the end of the decade, Britain's biggest carmaker said on Wednesday, after showcasing its first electric car this week. Former UK regulator urges Trump not to scrap Wall Street reform LONDON The United States must not scrap bank capital requirements introduced at the height of the financial crisis aimed at avoiding more taxpayer bailouts of lenders, an architect of the rules said on Wednesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes Change in Ratings Stock Comments / EPS Changes Economics Meetings TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker MainStreet Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity | Technology Apple's Reported Plans to Challenge Amazon Make Sense, But Won't Move the Needle Much By Eric Jhonsa Follow  | Sep 23, 2016 | 7:28 PM EDT Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: amzn, googl, aapl With Amazon's (AMZN)  Echo speaker/voice assistant line having gradually become a hit, and Alphabet's (GOOGL)  Google on the verge of launching a rival device, it looks as if Apple (AAPL) has decided it, too, needs to offer a speaker/voice assistant device for homes. Apple's reported plans are quite understandable, and the company might have a few ways to make its device stand out, particularly to iPhone/iPad users. But given the competition and the relatively modest size of the addressable market, the product is unlikely to have a big financial impact on the world's most profitable company. Bloomberg reported on Friday Apple is prepping "an Echo-like smart-home device based on the Siri voice assistant." It adds the device has reached the prototype testing phase, but cautions Apple's plans aren't finalized and the project could still be scrapped. The Information had already reported in May an Echo-like device is being prepped. But VentureBeat reported a few days later Apple's home assistant would be built into a new Apple TV set-top, rather than work as a standalone device. It looks as if The Information's report was closer to the mark. Bloomberg's scoop comes just nine days after Amazon unveiled a new version of its hockey puck-shaped Echo Dot device that goes for just $50 -- $40 less than the original Dot, and $130 less than what the original Echo sells for -- and features a better speech processor. It also comes ahead of an Oct. 4 Google event at which the company is expected (among other things) to share a launch date and pricing for its Google Home speaker/assistant, which was first unveiled at its May I/O conference. Android Police reports Home, which (along with Android 7.0) supports a new Google Assistant service, will sell for $129. So how will Apple's solution stand out? For starters, Bloomberg's sources state the product will feature "more advanced microphone and speaker technology." They add Apple might use technology obtained through its acquisitions of face-recognition startups Faceshift and Emotient to allow its device to "act based on who is in a room or a person's emotional state." The fact the product will leverage Siri could also let it take advantage of Apple's iOS and MacOS user data -- whether obtained via Siri or other means -- to deliver personalized responses and reminders, as well as stay aware of a user's daily activity. And one has to assume it will support Apple's HomeKit home automation platform, which allows iOS devices and the Apple Watch to control many smart home products. At the same time, the Alexa assistant powering Amazon's Echo line has already created a pretty big ecosystem of supported home devices and web/mobile services. Amazon disclosed last week the number of "skills" supported by Alexa has topped 3,000, up three times from June levels. Google, like Apple, hasn't made as much progress as Amazon in creating an ecosystem for its assistant service. But its artificial intelligence and natural language-processing strengths could help Google Home stand out, as might the user data it takes in via offerings such as Google search, Android, Gmail and Maps. Meanwhile, Apple will be facing off against Amazon and Google in what's still a fairly small market. In June, The Information reported Amazon is looking to sell 3 million Echo units in 2016, and up to 10 million in 2017. For comparison, Apple sold 231.5 million iPhones last year at an average selling price (ASP) that -- given Echo devices are priced between $50 and $180 -- was likely more than four times higher than Amazon's current Echo ASP. Thus, even if Apple sells as many home speakers next year as Amazon is reportedly hoping to sell, the product's revenue will be equal to a tiny fraction of Apple's iPhone revenue. Both literally and figuratively, an Apple-made Echo rival will be peripheral to the company's biggest profit engine. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Eric Jhonsa By Suing Over Counterfeits, Amazon is Putting Standards Ahead of Short-Term Growth Disney Faces Some Tough Choices, Regardless of Whether It Tries to Buy Netflix Why Chrome Is More Valuable to Google Than You Might Think Employees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities. Tags: stock market | Equities | technology | hardware | Consumer Durables Columnist Conversations David Katz: Target: Solid EPS Beat and Upped Guidance We were pleasantly surprised by Target's (TGT) earnings report today as earnings came in at $1.04 vs. 83 ... Jay Somaney: Fed Rate Hike Almost Certain Eric Rosengren, President of the Boston Federal Reserve, seems to have signaled a go on an interest rate hike ... James "Rev Shark" DePorre: Republican Spenders? The bond market now is pricing in massive spending by the Republicans.  The belief is that the fiscal res... Paul Price: Airline Stocks - The Berkshire Factor Much has been made of the fact that Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B) bought a bunch of ai... See all » BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 David Peltier uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Dividend Stock Advisor David Peltier identifies the best of breed dividend stocks that will pay a reliable AND significant income stream. Product Features: Biweekly dividend newsletter Diversifed model portfolio of dividend stocks Intraday trade alerts Growth Seeker Chris Versace and Lenore Elle Hawkins, using sophisticated stock screening and fundamental research, identify high potential growth small and mid-cap stocks. Product Features: Model portfolio Small-cap and mid-cap focus Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
Our Paper Paper Archive Our Apps Daily Horoscope Home News Sport Showbiz & TV Life & Style Travel Tech Pics Casino Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Home News Latest News Girl, 18, pinned down, robbed and raped after being ambushed by trio Girl, 18, pinned down, robbed and raped after being ambushed by trio A YOUNG woman was raped after she was hurled to the ground and robbed by two women and a man, cops have said. By Lily Waddell / Published 23rd September 2016 GOOGLE RESTRAINED: The young woman suffered a 'horrendous' ordeal The 18-year-old girl was restrained by two of the group while the other woman rummaged through the girl's handbag. Then the man raped the victim when she was pinned down in Manchester's city centre. Cops were alerted at 2.50am to the scene on Major Street car park, behind Manchester's Minshull Street Crown Court near the Gay Village. It is now understood the man threw the teen to the ground before carrying out the assault, cops said. GOOGLE HORRIFIC ATTACK: It is currently unknown what was stolen “This was a horrendous attack on a young woman” Detective Inspector Dave Moores The teen was subjected to the horrific attack before the trio fled towards the Village, it is claimed. It is currently unknown what was stolen. Detective Inspector Dave Moores, of GMP's Serious Sexual Offences Unit, said: "This was a horrendous attack on a young woman which has, understandably, left her extremely distressed. "We are providing her with support from specially trained officers and have launched a full investigation." GOOGLE REVEAL: Cops were alerted at 2.50am to the scene on Major Street car park Now cops are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen the suspects between 2am and 3am on Wednesday. The first woman, who restrained the victim, is of mixed race with a scrawny build. She had her hair tied up in a ponytail when the assault took place. It is believed the woman is approximately 18 years old. The second woman, who allegedly robbed the teen, is of mixed race and had her hair tied in a messy ponytail. She is thought to be in her early 20s. Both women have local accents. The man who allegedly raped her is white, in his early 20s, with a slim build and clean shaven. GOOGLE LOCATION: The trio fled towards the Gay Village after the alleged attack At the time of the alleged attack, he was wearing sports clothing. The detective added: "I would urge anybody who recognises the description of these three and thinks they may have seen them in the city centre between 2am and 3am to please contact police immediately." The investigation is ongoing. Related Articles Sex ban man gets 24-hour bonking notice LIFTED Portuguese police probe the alleged rape of a British holidaymaker on the Algarve BREAKING: Family fury as two men cleared of the rape and killing of Scarlett Keeling, 15 Celebs More Gigi Hadid tells pals 'immature Perrie Edwards should get over Zayn Malik' GIGI Hadid isn't happy with Little Mix babe Perrie Edwards, according to reports. Secret to the TOWIE tush revealed in intimate zapping vid: 'Yo... Edge of glory: Emily Ratajkowski risks intimate reveal in insa... Now THAT’S Girl Power: Spice Girls slam ‘sexist pig’ director ... Little Mix take aim at Iggy Azalea as Leigh-Anne Pinnock sugge... Real Housewife's horror as strip club snatches pics to promote... Beach bombshell alert: Swimsuit USA contestant wows in stunnin... On the naughty list? Ola Jordan straddles Santa wearing lacy l... Arise boobzilla: Chloe Sims flaunts epic assets in curve explo... Latest News More 'How dare Wayne Rooney have fun' Support for England star after he apologises for booze-up FANS have come out in support for England captain Wayne Rooney after the star apologised to Three Lions boss Gareth Southgate and the FA for a booz... Arsenal legend Ian Wright leaves Ryan Giggs close to tears aft... World's FATTEST man weighs 79 stone, hasn't moved for 15 years... Shock as ancient ALIEN SOLDIER stalks Curiosity Rover on Mars GRAPHIC VID: Kidnapper shot dead by police sniper while holdin... Donald Trump ditches press pool and sneaks off for a family di... Heart-stopping moment scuba diver gets SUCKED into boat propeller Cash-strapped Kim Jong-un 'may sell nuke secrets to West's ene... Watch parking so bad it was mistaken for a TERRORIST attack Latest News More ARMAGEDDON: NASA urged by top scientists to launch 2020 mission against killer asteroid A MISSION to save Earth from Armageddon-style destruction will be launched in 2020 under scientists' plans. Premier League clubs slash ticket prices in a bid to attract n... £15k benefits layabout splurges ‘£2k on Grey Goose and champag... Weatherman tells viewers they are about to MELT during hilario... 'World War 3 has been cancelled' – Trump and Putin join forces... Shock video shows ice field 'the size of Florida' melt in just... Lad uses mouse to open bottle of beer in jaw-dropping clip – b... Teen sends revenge porn vids of threesome to break-up pal's re... Bloke takes FLAMETHROWER to his garden after discovering infes... Home Paper Archive Weather Our Paper Sitemap Contact Advertise Site Archive News Latest News Weird News Columnists Daily Star Sunday Journalists Sport Football Rugby League Motorsport Boxing Racing Other Rugby World Cup UFC Showbiz & TV Celebs Hot TV X Factor Strictly I'm A Celebrity Music Movies Britain's Got Talent Big Brother Wired TOWIE Dancing on Ice The Valleys Life & Style Real Life Diet & Fitness Love & Sex Fashion & Beauty Horoscopes Just Jane Cars Competitions FUN Jackpot Millions Our Apps Paper Archive Games Travel Travel News Adventure Beach Family Party Tech Gaming Reviews Tech News Pics Celebrity Galleries Pictures Weird Galleries Sport Galleries Gaming and Tech Galleries NS Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Policy Syndication and Licensing Site By Netro42 Copyright ©2016 Express Newspapers. "Daily Star" is a registered trademark. All rights reserved.
null
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Home speaker will likely cost a lot less than Amazon Echo Elyse Betters24 September 2016Speakers Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is going to take on Amazon Echo in two weeks when it unveils a similar, voice-activated speaker that costs significantly less. According to Android Police, the Mountain View, CA-based company plans to launch a speaker called Google Home during its #MadebyGoogle event, where it is also expected to introduce two flagships under the brand "Pixel", rather than Nexus, though they're still designed to showcase Android. The new speaker will apparently cost $129, which is $50 less than what Echo costs. Google will likely demo the Google Home during its event, giving consumers a better idea of how it works. It's suppose to function as a Bluetooth speaker and be able to answer questions using Google Search. Keep in mind Google is marketing its event under the "Made by Google" tagline, which suggests everything we see at the show will be Google-branded and maybe Google-made. Other things expected to be unveiled on 4 October include an $80 Daydream headset, a $69 4K-capable Chromecast dubbed Chromecast Ultra, and a $129 home router product called Google Wi-Fi. Pricing for those three devices were also revealed by Android Police, which has a pretty accurate record when it comes to leaking Google-related details, on Friday. You can read more about Google's event from Pocket-lint's roundup. Sections Google Amazon Speakers Source: Android Police HomeSpot’s Rugged Bluetooth Speaker lets you take your soundtrack anywhere (62 per cent off) Electric Jukebox launches, bringing millions of songs to your TV Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa B&O Play A2 Active is the A2 on steroids Popular In Speakers On Pocket-lint Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? HomeSpot’s Rugged Bluetooth Speaker lets you take your soundtrack anywhere (62 per cent off) Electric Jukebox launches, bringing millions of songs to your TV Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa B&O Play A2 Active is the A2 on steroids Which Sonos speaker is best for you? Play:1, Play:3, Play:5 or Playbar Sonos users can now control their systems from Spotify Best Wireless Speaker 2016: EE Pocket-lint Gadget Awards nominees Denon Heos HS2 review: A true Sonos competitor Denon Heos gets Alexa integration; bark commands at your speakers or soundbar OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Watch Dogs 2 contains sexually explicit full frontal nudity, Ubisoft promises patch When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch will get Mario game from day one, Skyrim and Splatoon too Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Home speaker will likely cost a lot less than Amazon Echo Elyse Betters24 September 2016Speakers Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google is going to take on Amazon Echo in two weeks when it unveils a similar, voice-activated speaker that costs significantly less. According to Android Police, the Mountain View, CA-based company plans to launch a speaker called Google Home during its #MadebyGoogle event, where it is also expected to introduce two flagships under the brand "Pixel", rather than Nexus, though they're still designed to showcase Android. The new speaker will apparently cost $129, which is $50 less than what Echo costs. Google will likely demo the Google Home during its event, giving consumers a better idea of how it works. It's suppose to function as a Bluetooth speaker and be able to answer questions using Google Search. Keep in mind Google is marketing its event under the "Made by Google" tagline, which suggests everything we see at the show will be Google-branded and maybe Google-made. Other things expected to be unveiled on 4 October include an $80 Daydream headset, a $69 4K-capable Chromecast dubbed Chromecast Ultra, and a $129 home router product called Google Wi-Fi. Pricing for those three devices were also revealed by Android Police, which has a pretty accurate record when it comes to leaking Google-related details, on Friday. You can read more about Google's event from Pocket-lint's roundup. Sections Google Amazon Speakers Source: Android Police HomeSpot’s Rugged Bluetooth Speaker lets you take your soundtrack anywhere (62 per cent off) Electric Jukebox launches, bringing millions of songs to your TV Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa B&O Play A2 Active is the A2 on steroids Popular In Speakers On Pocket-lint Amazon Echo vs Amazon Tap vs Echo Dot: What's the difference? HomeSpot’s Rugged Bluetooth Speaker lets you take your soundtrack anywhere (62 per cent off) Electric Jukebox launches, bringing millions of songs to your TV Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa B&O Play A2 Active is the A2 on steroids Which Sonos speaker is best for you? Play:1, Play:3, Play:5 or Playbar Sonos users can now control their systems from Spotify Best Wireless Speaker 2016: EE Pocket-lint Gadget Awards nominees Denon Heos HS2 review: A true Sonos competitor Denon Heos gets Alexa integration; bark commands at your speakers or soundbar OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Watch Dogs 2 contains sexually explicit full frontal nudity, Ubisoft promises patch When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch will get Mario game from day one, Skyrim and Splatoon too Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
null
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Google Rumored To Launch ‘Google WiFi’ Router On October 4 By Tyler Lee on 09/23/2016 16:01 PST So we know that Google is hosting an event on the 4th of October where they’ll most likely announce the new Pixel and Pixel XL phones. Or at least that’s what we can assume based on the teasers that we’ve seen Google put out. However it also seems that there could be more products announced during the event as well. According to the folks at Android Police, they have learnt that Google could be planning to announce a new product called Google WiFi. No, this is not an internet service, but rather this is a router. Now you might be confused because Google already has a router in the form of the OnHub that was announced last year, so why would Google launch another router? After all Google isn’t exactly a company that creates networking devices like Belkin, TP-Link, D-Link, and so on. However the report claims that one of the selling points of the Google WiFi is that it is small like the Amazon Echo Dot, and that it will provide enhanced range compared to regular routers, and that they can be they can sort of be linked together to create one large wireless network. Android Police is a little unclear as to how this will work exactly, but if the 4th of October rumors are true, we won’t have to wait too long to find out. Filed in Gadgets >Rumors. Read more about Google. Related Articles 2016-11-15 Hulu App Gets Daydream Support 2016-11-14 Google’s RAISR Upscales Images Using Machine Learning 2016-11-14 Google To Restrict Fake-News Websites From Using AdSense 2016-11-14 Google’s Self-Driving Cars Can Now Make Three-Point Turns 2016-11-14 Huawei Confirms It Passed On Google Pixel Handsets Over Branding Issues Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
HOME LATEST NEWS November 13, 2016 | DAY 4: Tens of thousands protest Trump’s election victory November 13, 2016 | Clinton ‘Heartbroken’ Over Election, Says FBI Letter Was Turning Point November 12, 2016 | SHAUN KING: No, we should not wait and see what a Trump administration does. We should organize our resistance right now! November 12, 2016 | DAY 3: Anti-Trump protests continue; close to 200 arrested in Los Angeles, Portland demo declared a ‘riot’ – By Thandisizwe Chimurenga November 12, 2016 | KING: Every official in the Democratic Party should be fired. Here’s why they are partly to blame for Trump November 12, 2016 | From Beirut to Burma, the world’s deplorables celebrate Trump November 12, 2016 | Hillary Rodham Clinton was just elected president – By Margot Fernandez November 11, 2016 | Three Reasons Clinton Lost and What to Do About Them – By Ted Millar November 11, 2016 | DAY 11 PRAYERS: 11TH HOUR ANOINTING FIRE OUTBREAK! November 11, 2016 | 9TH-HOUR PRAYERS: BEAUTIFUL GATE MIRACLE AND ANGELIC VISITATIONS November 11, 2016 | 6TH-HOUR PRAYERS: IT IS NECESSARY TO GO THROUGH THE RIDICULE AND HATRED OF SAMARIA FOR SALVATION November 11, 2016 | 3RD-HOUR PRAYERS: THE LORD OF THE FIRST COMERS IS ALSO MUCH MORE THE LORD OF THE LATE COMERS! November 11, 2016 | DONALD TRUMP VICTORY SPEECH (FULL TRANSCRIPT) BY POPULAR DEMAND November 10, 2016 | Read Hillary Clinton’s Concession Speech for the 2016 Election (full transcript – BY POPULAR DEMAND November 10, 2016 | DAY 2 ANTI-TRUMP PROTESTS: President-elect Trump blasts media for inciting protests Search for: Home TECHNOLOGY Say ‘allo’ to Google as Allo Launches in Nigeria GOOGLE ALLO Posted By: Luthando Kiti September 23, 2016 ShareTweet Google Nigeria on Thursday announced the launch of Google Allo to the Nigerian market. Announced at the Google I/O Developer conference in May, Allo is a smart messaging app that works off your phone number and is available for Android and iOS mobile devices. Google Allo is a smarter messaging app like no other. So, whether it’s planning a football night out or even just catching up with family and friends, you never have to hit pause anymore. Featuring a preview version of Google Assistant, Allo offers you help right in your chat so you never have to leave the forum to grab an address or research a dinner spot. On other words, chat with Google Assistant one-on-one or type @google right in your chat and it’ll help you research and book a dinner spot. And guess what? The more you use your Assistant, the more useful it becomes by remembering your preferences and other information you ask it to. Here are just a few more things the Google Assistant can help you with in chat. Stay in the loop by getting the latest information on things that matter most to you, whether it’s news, traffic, sports or whether conditions. Use Google Assistant – right within your conversation to find businesses or shops around you; pharmacies, ATMs or banks. Research travel destinations, flights and hotels together with friends as the Assistant taps into all the great travel features on Google. Keep the conversation moving, even when you’re on the go by responding quickly, but smartly. Allo makes it easier for you to respond quickly with Smart Reply technology, without typing a single word. Smart Reply suggests responses based on your conversation – just click the one you want, whether you’re a ‘LOL’ or ‘hahaha’ kind of person. Smart Reply will also suggest responses for photos sent in Google Allo. If your friend sends you a photo of their pet, you might see Smart Reply suggestions like “nice dog :)” or “aww cute!” Express yourself with photos, emojis and stickers because we know that chat is more than just text only. You can say it loudly or softly by making emojis and text smaller or larger by simply dragging the “send” button up or down. You can also turn any photo into a work of art by inscribing on it before you send. Experience independent artists and studios we’ve partnered with around the world when you create custom sticker packs – because sometimes all you need is a “sloth riding a pizza” sticker that says it all. Google Allo has also taken security into account – all chats are encrypted so your information is secure. It also offers an incognito mode (like that in Chrome), which provides end-to-end encryption, discreet notifications and message expiration. Allo is available globally in app stores. Google’s innovative search technologies connect millions of people around the world with information every day. Founded in 1998 by Stanford Ph.D. students Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Google today is a top web property in all major global markets. Google’s targeted advertising program provides businesses of all sizes with measurable results, while enhancing the overall web experience for users. Google is headquartered in Silicon Valley with offices throughout the Americas, Europe, Africa and Asia. BY PETER OLUKA GOOGLE ALLO SOURCE: NIGERIA COMMUNICATIONS WEEK Follow us: @OsunDEFENDER on Twitter | OsunDEFENDER on Facebook Related Stories Nokia Lumia 920 review – so near, and yet so far Samsung Galaxy Camera with built-in 3G connection arrives in Australia TECNO Targets Youth Market With N3 3G martphone Unilag Team Wins Google Contest New Blackberry 10 looks like an Apple product – iPhone in disguise? TECNO partners Airtel, Qualcomm to unveil 3G Android smartphone RIM stocks climb on optimism #Nigeria ELECTIONS: Jona-TAN In Big Trouble…. Aso-villa Is Shaking, Brave Mama Peace IS Afraid – WHO WILL RESCUE THE CAT? Share this: WhatsApp Twitter Facebook Google Related ShareTweet SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Be the first to comment on "Say ‘allo’ to Google as Allo Launches in Nigeria" Leave a Reply Cancel reply SITE STATISTICS Todays Visits: 60,265 Yesterdays Visits: 115,339 Last 7 Days Visits: 902,218 Last 30 Days Visits: 3,726,507 Total Comments: 19,080 Follow Us on Facebook Tweets by @OsunDefender MIDDLE EAST November 12, 2016 From Beirut to Burma, the world’s deplorables celebrate Trump Donald Trump’s rise is galvanising the globe’s fringe forces [AFP] Trump’s shock election victory has upset many at home in the United States and abroad, but it has also been a cause for celebration for… Share this: WhatsApp Twitter Facebook Google Read More November 2, 2016 Iraqi forces enter Mosul as Islamic State fights back November 1, 2016 BREAKING: President Obama Kills Top ISIS Leader – Trump And Republicans Are Silent (DETAILS) October 16, 2016 Forces Converge Around Mosul for What Could Be an All-Out Battle Against ISIS October 4, 2016 Egyptian MP says women students must pass ‘virginity tests’ October 4, 2016 Egypt TV-star to Sisi: your days may be numbered! September 2, 2016 ISIS Has Lost Land, But It Still Has a Giant Foothold In Cyberspace September 1, 2016 What are Netanyahu and Putin plotting? August 29, 2016 Why we drive electric cars in the UAE August 29, 2016 How to charge your electric car in Dubai FAITH & PRAYER November 11, 2016 DAY 11 PRAYERS: 11TH HOUR ANOINTING FIRE OUTBREAK! “But it is a spirit in man, And the breath of the Almighty gives them understanding.” – Job 32:8 Job 33:4: “The Spirit of God has made me, And the breath of the Almighty gives me… Share this: WhatsApp Twitter Facebook Google Read More November 11, 2016 9TH-HOUR PRAYERS: BEAUTIFUL GATE MIRACLE AND ANGELIC VISITATIONS November 11, 2016 6TH-HOUR PRAYERS: IT IS NECESSARY TO GO THROUGH THE RIDICULE AND HATRED OF SAMARIA FOR SALVATION November 11, 2016 3RD-HOUR PRAYERS: THE LORD OF THE FIRST COMERS IS ALSO MUCH MORE THE LORD OF THE LATE COMERS! November 7, 2016 MONDAY PRAYERS BY PASTOR ABIODUN DISU Top Posts & Pages HOME DOWNLOAD HOT 40 PRAYER POINTS FOR NOVEMBER 2016 MFM POWER MUST CHANGE HANDS (THE GREAT DELIVERANCE) FULL TEXT OF RCCG NOVEMBER 2016 HOLY GHOST SERVICE (HELPERS OF DESTINY) - By Pastor E. A. Adeboye DAY 1: PRAYER POINTS FOR 11TH HOUR MIRACLES IN NOVEMBER 2016 DAY 4: Tens of thousands protest Trump’s election victory Clinton 'Heartbroken' Over Election, Says FBI Letter Was Turning Point Hillary Rodham Clinton was just elected president - By Margot Fernandez DAY 11 PRAYERS: 11TH HOUR ANOINTING FIRE OUTBREAK! KING: Every official in the Democratic Party should be fired. Here's why they are partly to blame for Trump DAY 3 (Part 1): PRAYER POINTS FOR 11TH HOUR MIRACLES IN NOVEMBER 2016! DAY 4: Tens of thousands protest Trump’s election victory Clinton ‘Heartbroken’ Over Election, Says FBI Letter Was Turning Point SHAUN KING: No, we should not wait and see what a Trump administration does. We should organize our resistance right now! DAY 3: Anti-Trump protests continue; close to 200 arrested in Los Angeles, Portland demo declared a ‘riot’ – By Thandisizwe Chimurenga KING: Every official in the Democratic Party should be fired. Here’s why they are partly to blame for Trump From Beirut to Burma, the world’s deplorables celebrate Trump Hillary Rodham Clinton was just elected president – By Margot Fernandez Three Reasons Clinton Lost and What to Do About Them – By Ted Millar DAY 11 PRAYERS: 11TH HOUR ANOINTING FIRE OUTBREAK! 9TH-HOUR PRAYERS: BEAUTIFUL GATE MIRACLE AND ANGELIC VISITATIONS 6TH-HOUR PRAYERS: IT IS NECESSARY TO GO THROUGH THE RIDICULE AND HATRED OF SAMARIA FOR SALVATION 3RD-HOUR PRAYERS: THE LORD OF THE FIRST COMERS IS ALSO MUCH MORE THE LORD OF THE LATE COMERS! Copyright 2016 | MH Newsdesk by MH Themes
Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Media & Promotion   » LOSS HITS $2.3bn As of the end of Q2, Twitter an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3 billion since its inception. Twitter initiates talks with tech firms over sale NEW YORK, September 24, 2016 Twitter has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, signalling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. Twitter has initiated talks with several technology companies to explore selling itself, a person familiar with the matter said on Friday, signalling the start of what is likely to be a slow-rolling auction of the high-profile but money-losing social media company. A sale of Twitter has been the subject of on-again, off-again rumours for many months as the company grapples with stagnant user growth, soft advertising sales and losses running at hundreds of millions of dollars a year. The company's business struggles have come even as the 10-year-old service has evolved into a potent global source of news, entertainment and social commentary. CNBC, citing anonymous sources, reported on Friday that Twitter is in talks with companies including Google and may receive a formal bid soon. A source told Reuters that Salesforce.com is also in pursuit. Twitter and Alphabet Inc, Google's parent company did not respond to a request for comment. Salesforce declined to comment. Verizon, another company mentioned in media reports on Friday as a possible suitor, said it did not comment on M&A rumors but that it had not submitted a bid for the company. Twitter shares jumped more than 19 per cent to $22.22 per share on Friday, marking the largest one-day rise since their first day of trading in 2013. The company now has a market value of around $16 billion. Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi said Alphabet would be the best acquirer for Twitter since it has not yet been able to crack social media on its own despite several efforts. "From a strategic standpoint, we think it would be more beneficial for Alphabet as opposed to Salesforce," Mogharabi said. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani is executive chairman of Twitter. Morningstar estimates Twitter could be bought for $22 per share. Twitter is working with investment banks Goldman Sachs and Allen & Co in considering possible transactions, sources familiar with the situation said. SALESFORCE SURPRISE The most unexpected development on Friday was Salesforce.com's interest in acquiring Twitter. Salesforce serves business customers with cloud-based computing services and has virtually no presence in consumer media. But a recent presentation about its new "Einstein" artificial intelligence platform provided a peak at how Twitter could fit into the company's strategy . Salesforce executives said they license the Twitter "firehose" of all Tweets that come through the platform, and use it to power sentiment analysis and other tools that show how companies and brands are being discussed and perceived. Salesforce Chief Executive Marc Benioff is active in political causes in San Francisco and the two companies are located just blocks from each other in the city. Salesforce's chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted on Friday: "Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others." Later, Afshar added: "I have tweeted my personal views regarding 'Why Twitter?' numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter." RIVALS ASCEND Afshar's sentiment is not shared on Wall Street, however. Twitter missed Wall Street's sales expectations in both the first and second quarters of 2016, according to Thomson Reuters StarMine, and has yet to produce a net profit in 11 quarters as a public company. As of the end of the second quarter, the company had an accumulated loss of nearly $2.3 billion since its inception. It has also failed to keep pace with rivals, notably Facebook's Instagram and Snapchat. Both now boast more users than Twitter by most measures even though they are much newer, and advertisers have begun to migrate their ad dollars accordingly. Twitter's revenue grew rapidly under former chief executive Dick Costolo, but stagnant user growth and mounting complaints about lack of innovation in the product led to Costolo's departure last year. The company has also faced criticism for its failure to stem abuse on the platform and for missing the opportunity to play a bigger role in the red-hot messaging arena. Twitter has 313 million monthly users, up just 3 per cent from a year ago. Co-founder Jack Dorsey returned to the company as chief executive in 2015 while retaining his role as CEO of payment company Square, and his plan for reviving Twitter is at best seen as unfinished. Recent moves to be a big player in live video, including a deal to broadcast NFL games, are too new to be reflected in user growth or ad sales. Twitter went public in November 2013 at $26 a share. The shares peaked above $74 just over a month after its IPO, but have been on steady downward trajectory since. From then through Thursday's close at $18.63, the stock had lost three-quarters of its value.- Reuters Tags: facebook | Social media | Instagram | More Media & Promotion Stories Contec signs strategic deal with Irish media firm OBG research offered on Bloomberg terminal Starz Play wins new funding for expansion Dewa wins public sector CSR award Trump ready for anti-terror coalition with GCC New Snapchat sunglasses available via vending machines DIFF expands Arabian Nights line-up Icflix to expand in Bahrain with Zain deal Italian investment desk opens in Dubai Dubai gears up for $735m water canal opening Tamkeen announces second art fair in Bahrain Mena Effie Awards to feature 23 categories OBG publishes Saudi Arabia 2016 report DIFF event to feature 13 top Arab films UAE developer opens green community mosque DIFF to feature open-air screenings Top golfers gear up for Turkish Airlines Open US firms lead list of top executives in Mideast DIFF to present Arabic films for Golden Globe Award Huawei showcases TV streaming via cloud Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (5) Post your comment Google Home and Chromecast Ultra will reportedly cost $129 and $69 23 September 2016 We heard about Google Home back in May during Google I/O, a direct competitor to Alexa, Amazons smart assistant called Echo. Android Police reports that Google will sell the Home assistant for $129, which is priced competitively lower than the Amazon Echo, which currently retails for $179. Although, Amazons Echo Dot 2nd gen is coming next month and only costs $50. The only caveat is that it needs an external speaker for playing music. Likewise, a new Chromecast Ultra (as it may or may not be called), is a 4K version of the popular streaming device which is said to retail for $69. It could be HDR enabled, but other features arent mentioned. We also hope that this new Chromecast is compatible with 120Hz video (60fps) as the current Chromecast isnt capable of this. Its likely that the current Chromecast would remain on sale once this new version goes on sale. Itd give customers the option to choose a basic model or advanced model with all the bells and whistles. As far as availability is concerned, its possible that both of these devices could be announced at Googles Oct 4 event where the Pixel phones will also be announced. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Pixel Launcher to feature rounded app icons, pressure-sensitive shortcuts By R Padla - September 23, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Change is constant and when it comes to Google, that’s quite common. The tech giant is always improving its many products and services, changing search algorithms, rebranding, discontinuing features, and rolling out software updates. Almost every week, we learn of new things Google and Android developers are coming up. Perhaps the most highly anticipated change these days is the company doing away with the Nexus name and replacing its flagship line with the Pixel. We’re not really sure why it should be changed but we’ve been saying it could be just to streamline its products. We know two new Nexus phones will be unveiled soon but instead of the Sailfish and the Marlin, they will be known as the Pixel and Pixel XL. The two will join the Pixel C as one of Google’s flagship devices. Because of this move, we also noted that the Nexus Launcher may be known as Pixel Launcher. That’s another change we’re looking forward to finally seeing in Android Nougat. When the two Pixels are announced, they are believed to roll out with the Android 7.1 updated with the Pixel Launcher. Nothing much to say about the new app launcher but we know it will have a clean and more fluid user interface. Another big change the Pixel Launcher is expected to bring is the look of the icons. Instead of the squarish icons, the Pixel Launcher will have rounded icons, as well as, pressure-sensitive shortcuts. Apps are simply redesigned to fit a circle. As for the launcher shortcuts, they may be accessed with the pressure sensitive displays but we’re not yet sure. Let’s wait and see for the official announcement. VIA: Android Police Story Timeline Nexus Launcher will now be known as Pixel Launcher TAGS Android Apps launcher Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,395FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,272FollowersFollow 59,474SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (41) Post your comment Android whipping up something sweet to celebrate Androids eighth birthday 23 September 2016 Google has always loved to tease its fans. With the Pixel ad-teasers popping up all over, and its Pixel announcement happening on October 4, a new Chromecast, Googles home assistant, and smartwatches over the horizon, this new teaser could mean anything. Were whipping up something sweet for a big day tomorrow. 🎂 #Android pic.twitter.com/I4idH0F4am Android (@Android) September 23, 2016 Android turns eight years old today. Androids Twitter account tweeted that it is whipping something up for tomorrow (likely for the anniversary, hence the cake emoji). The picture has the Android guy (A.K.A. Bugdroid or sometimes Andy) holding cute little whisk and bowl with what looks like a couple of egg yolks. Next to him lays a pile of KitKats, marshmallows, and nougat. Strangely, Lollipop is missing. What could the teaser mean? Is Google going to do something involving past Android candies? At this point there are more questions than answers. What do you all think Android is up to? Do you know what the tweet means? We hope to find out tomorrow. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
null
Skip to navigation (Press Enter). Skip to sub navigation (Press Enter). Skip to main content (Press Enter). Home About About HC+T About Shel Holtz Services Speaking Social/Digital Media Employee communications Podcasting Services Coordinates Resources Link Blog Books Research and Statistics Blogs and Podcasts Mobile for Communicators Content Strategies and Media Companies Google+ Resources Social Media Primers Social Media Policies Social Media Access The Shel Holtz Daily Calendar Blog Chatbots Contact Friday Wrap #186: Bank ethics, AI messaging, live-streamed debates, declining Twitter spends, & more 2016-09-23 Posted on September 23, 2016 1:05 pm by Shel Holtz | Chatbots | The Workplace Experience | Economics | Content | Instagram | Visual Communication | Advertising | Audio | Brands | Business | Crisis Communication | Ethics | Facebook | Instant Messaging | Legal | Marketing | Media | Mobile | Podcasting | Politics | PR | Social Media | Twitter Kindle I extract items for the Friday Wrap from my link blog, which you’re welcome to follow.. To make sure you never miss an issue, subscribe to my weekly email briefing. News Facebook overestimated video viewing times—The average time Facebook has told advertisers people spent watching videos was seriously overestimated for the last two years. The excessive figure resulted from only counting videos seen for three or more seconds and didn’t factor in shorter views. “The miscalculation likely led to an overestimated viewing time of 60 to 80%,” according to C|Net, and may well have led advertisers to spend more than they otherwise would have. Facebook says it has fixed the problem and that it did not affect billing. The takeaway: Marketers should be looking at more metrics than those provided by Facebook (or other social sites). Conversion should be at the top of the list Read more The news just gets worse and worse for Wells Fargo—Half a dozen former Wells Fargo employees report they were fired after blowing the whistle on the fraud they saw occurring at the bank. Employees used an ethics hotline and called Human Resources to report the activities, after which they were terminated for reasons like tardiness. The workers are sure it was actually retaliation. The experience contradicts Wells Fargo’s CEO’s testimony before Congress, in which he said “Each team member, no matter where you are in the organization, is encouraged to raise their hands. We want to hear from them.” The takeaway: Ethical behavior is increasingly important to customers and investors. if you have an ethics hotline, take it seriously. If your values promote ethical behavior, leadership needs to walk the talk. Read more Google rolls out its AI-based messaging app—Allo is finally available. Announced at the last Google I/O developers conference, Allo features the Google Assistant, which uses AI, voice recognition, and natural-language processing to answer questions and respond to verbal and texted requests. The same technology is due to appear in a competitor to Amazon’s Echo. The takeaway: Google is late to a game that will be even harder for them to play given that the AI tool is tied into a messaging app that will have to compete with Messenger, WhatsApp, and a host of others that are also building AI-enhanced assistants into their systems. Still, I tried it out and it’s kinda cool. However, since only one person I know is using it, I won’t be opening it often as a messaging app, which limits the amount of utility it has as an assistant. Read more Yelp libel case to be heard by California Supreme Court—A lower court had ordered Yelp to delete comments from its site critical of a Bay Area law firm. The firm’s owner had sued the former client who had posted the negative reviews. The firm claimed the comments were inaccurate and defamatory and ordered her to remove them. When she didn’t, the firm sued for defamation and a judgment was entered against her. When an appeals court upheld the order, Yelp turned to the state Supreme Court even though it wasn’t a defendant in the case. With the support of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Twitter, and Pinterest—each of which wrote to the court—Yelp is claiming the order could “silence a vast quantity of protected and important speech.” The takeaway: It’s risky to go after people who post negative comments about your company. It’s better to respond directly than to be seen (no matter how inaccurately) as an obstacle to free expression. Read more Why Twitter’s NFL audience matters—Twitter earlier reported 2 million people tuned in to its first Thursday Night Football stream. In reality, just 243,000 people were watching at any given moment, on average. That compares to 15.4 million watching on television. The difference, though, is that completion rates on ads shown during the game hit 98%. The takeaway: Twitter has a lot of work to do to entice people to watch its streams; Yahoo’s live-stream of the game was seen by an average of 2.36 million people at any given moment. The ad completion rates are a silver lining on a very dark cloud. Read more Twitter will live-stream presidential debates—The first one conflicts with the NFL’s Monday Night Football, so we’ll have to see if it draws much of a viewing audience, but Twitter has announced it will live-stream the presidential debates. A live tweet-stream will accompany the video, and coverage will be bookended by commentary from Bloomberg Politics. The takeaway: There’s no doubting Twitter’s belief in the power of livestreaming news and sports events as a key element of their belief that people use Twitter for “right-now” information. Whether people will flock to Twitter for debates, though, is a big question, and if they can’t police the filth from the tweetstream, a lot of people may abandon it. (Unlike sports, debates are easy to watch on video, as I suspect a lot of Monday Night Football fans will.) Read more Big changes coming to LinkedIn—A redesign of LinkedIn is imminent, featuring new messaging features (including bots) and a simplified feed. The new look aims to make the desktop experience more consistent with the popular mobile app. The bots will focus on scheduling at first. LinkedIn was acquired recently by Microsoft, which is pushing its bot platform. LinkedIn is also introduction LinkedIn Learning, based on the company’s acquisition of Lynda.com. The takeaway: Anything that makes LinkedIn uniquely relevant to business people is a good thing. Lately I have seen way too many posts on LinkedIn that are more suited to Facebook. While these new features don’t directly address that problem, if there is more business utility that is easier to use, then more business-focused users should spend more time on the network. Read more Marketers plan to spend less on Twitter—An influential analyst has downgraded Twitter shares to “underperform” as marketing departments plan to decrease their ad spends on Twitter for the first time. Marketers who do spend money on Twitter “aren’t getting a lot of bang for their buck.” The takeaway: Don’t write Twitter off yet, and don’t dismiss a spend on promoted tweets if you know your audience is there. It also continues to be a key source of news and the primary channel for journalists. It is not, however, a place to put all your eggs. Things will get worse before (and if) they get better. Read more YouTube invests in social good—YouTube is committing $1 million in equipment and production grants to its Creators for Change, a group of YouTube creators who use their channels to focus on social issues. The first six program ambassadors are charged with “fostering productive dialogue around these topics through the videos they create.” The takeaway: Most YouTube comment fields are cesspools. Anything that inspires purposeful conversation is a good thing. Also, as consumers grow more concerned with organizations that exist to do good, not just make money, investing in creators who promote social good may attract some viewers (and advertisers). Read more Instagram now lets you save posts to send later—“Drafts” is now a feature everyone can use on Instagram. You can start work on a post, tap the back button and you’ll be asked whether you want to save the photo in your drafts. Saved drafts show up in a special section of your library when you next open the app. The takeaway: Making things easier for users is always a good idea. For busy communicators, it’ll be great to start a post that you can finish later when you’re interrupted. Read more YouTube also invests in comment moderators—They’re called YouTube Heroes, moderators who will earn rewards for reporting bad comments, writing accurate subtitles, and answering forum questions. They’ll have no actual power over the site; that still falls to YouTube employees who will remove the flagged comments and approve improved subtitles. The takeaway: I wish them luck. As noted above, something needs to be done to address the truly awful comments so many people leave on YouTube videos. Read more Chipotle has a content marketing plan to bring customers back—Former Chipotle customers who loved the fresh burritos made from locally-sourced ingredients haven’t flocked back following the company’s E. coli crisis. The company is turning to content to restore confidence in the safety of its food, including newspaper and digital ads that go into detail about the steps the company has taken since the outbreak. The takeaway: Paid media makes sense, but I’m surprised there’s no influence marketing to accompany the ads. If someone I trust tells me the food is safe, it will go further than the company telling me. Read more Trends Real-time marketing is on its way out—That may be a big of an overstatement, but the efforts of companies to blast out oh-so-clever tweets based on breaking news or cultural events may be grinding to a halt. Donald Trump Jr., son of the Republican presidential nominee, tweeted an image of a bowl of Skittles with the note, “If I had a bowl of skittles and I told you just three would kill you. Would you take a handful? That’s our Syrian refugee problem.” Mars, the candy company that makes Skittles, might well have been expected to take advantage of that newsmaking tweet. Instead, after waiting a while, the company responded: “Skittles are candy. Refugees are people. We don’t feel it’s an appropriate analogy. We will respectfully refrain from further commentary as anything we say could be misinterpreted as marketing.” The response was widely praised and some have suggested that it could signal the welcome demise of that particular brand of real-time marketing. The takeaway: We can only hope. After all, nobody will ever achieve another Oreos “dunk in the dark” moment, and these clever tweets do nothing to build long-term relationships. See my latest “Shrink-Wrap” video for more. Read more AI churns out a Beatles-inspired song—“Daddy’s Car” is a catchy tune, which is a bit creepy given that it was written entirely by artificial intelligence. The takeaway: Not too long ago, I reported on IBM’s AI engine, Watson, creating a movie trailer. In the meantime, AI is already writing stories about minor-league baseball games for Associated Press. While most of the conversation is about robots taking low-paying jobs, some creative work will also get assigned to AI, which no doubt could crank out a press release given enough information from which to draw. Read more Millennials now drive corporate culture—It has now been a while since Millennials became the largest part of the workforce, and more than half are moving into leadership roles. Deloitte (along with the Billie Jean King Leadership Initiative) reports in a white paper that Millennia values are now permeating organization cultures. Profit is secondary to this demographic, according to the study, as Millennials believe profit shouldn’t be the primary reason for businesses to exist. Instead, nearly 2/3 say they chose their employer because “it seemed purpose-driven.” Only 20% of those who chose an employer that lacked a sense of purpose are satisfied. Another key finding: Millennials love technology and are frustrated at the slow pace of development or adoption of tools that make it easier to get work done. Also, flexible working conditions and work/life integration” are the top ways for organizations to change in order to improve retention. The takeaway: Don’t wait for Millennials to take over your company’s senior leadership positions. These are the people you’re trying to attract and retain. Your employer brand (based on the company culture) needs to reflect values that are important to the workforce you need. Read more More evidence of audio’s importance—Audio is the poor stepchild of marketing channels, but brands that use it well find they get amazing results. For example, Kentucky Fried Chicken’s ads target our autonomous sensory meridian response (ASMR), in which a pleasurable feeling is activated by sounds like “whispering voices, makeup brushes buffing at skin, nails scratching across cardboard.” In KFC’s case, it’s the also the sound of biting into a piece of chicken. Google notes there are more ASMR searches on YouTube than for “candy” or “chocolate;” 5.2 million videos feature ASMR. There are even ASMR influencers (one has more than a half-million subscribers). The takeaway: ASMR is absolutely fascinating. I wasted a lot of time tracking down videos that feature the technique. Its use may be limited, but that doesn’t mean you can’t find times you’ll want to give it a try. Read more Brands are embracing Twitter’s new customer service tools—The update to Twitter’s customer service tools—notably a “Provides Support” button customers can tap or click to initiate a conversation—is being adopted by companies that provide customer support on the messaging/networking platform. Delta, T=-Mobile, and United are among the companies that have activated the feature on their accounts. The takeaway: You need to provide customer support through Twitter and Facebook, since a lot of people prefer to initiate their support sessions through these social channels. The new tools are free. Use them. (No doubt the more companies that activate the features, the more people will use twitter for customer support, leading more people to subscribe to the service so it’s available to them for support purposes.) Read more Research We unlike people who give us critical feedback—“People tend to movie away from those who provide feedback that is more negative than their view of themselves,” writes Francesca Gino, a professor at Harvard Business School, based on a study she conducted. “They do not listen to their advice and prefer to stop interacting with them altogether. It seems that people tend to strengthen their bonds with people who only see their positive qualities.” The takeaway: There are certainly lessons to be taken from the study for managers in the workplace, but the same circumstances could inform your communication and social media efforts. Reinforce the positive qualities your customers see in themselves and you could strengthen the bond you have with them. Read more Companies suck at listening to customers—Well over 90% of business executives know that listening to customer feedback is vital to the bottom line and 89% believe instant customer feedback is critical, more than a quarter don’t use real-time feedback tools. The takeaway: Half of communication is listening but I can’t think of an organization that devotes half its communication budget to it. Ditto employee feedback for internal communicators. Read more Customer support phone conversations still matter—I have seen data that shows most people want customer support through social media, but that data conflicts with research from Cogito that argues “phone professionals” continue to be the heart of the customer relationship: Three-quarters of consumers prefer to speak with a live individual. The study found that “establishing a more personalized rapport, and better awareness of the customers’ perception within a call are critical to delivering positive outcomes.” The takeaway: Every employee is responsible for the Customer Experience, and that includes recognizing the need connect emotionally with the customer. This is as true for content aimed at customers as it is for customer service reps who take customers’ calls. Read more On the other hand, 90% of consumers want to text with brands—Here’s what I mean by contradictory research. Cloud communications platform company Twilio has released research results that found 9 out of 10 consumers want to use messaging to communicate with brands. I’m not sure how that squares with the two-thirds who want to talk to a human being from the item directly above this one, but either way, you have to be good at both. The average consumer has three messaging apps on thier phone’s home screen and use three different messaging apps each week. They also prefer messaging at least three times more than face-to-face; among Millennials, that jumps to eight times more than face-to-face. Sixty-six percent of consumers prefer to reach brands or be reached by them via messaging than any other means. The takeaway: Messaging is the new normal. I’m willing to bet your organization is well behind the curve in tapping into this trend. The research from twilio found that less than half the businesses it surveyed have the infrastructure to meet the demand from consumers. Read more Does podcast advertising work?—We know that podcast listeners are very loyal to their shows, but does that loyalty extend to the products and services they advertise? Not much, according to a study by Edison Research and the Interactive Advertising Bureau. The study found only 8% of respondents said they bought an item or service after hearing an ad or sponsor spot on a podcast. However, 45% said they visited a brand’s website and 42% said they considered the product; 37% collected more information. The takeaway: Those are good numbers. As people get accustomed to hearing ads on podcasts, the site visits could lead to more conversions. You have to wonder, though, if they justify the cost of ads on the most popular podcasts, which are several multiples more than other forms of digital advertising. Read more Paid social outperforms organic—I reported last week that most marketers—in the 90% range—are sticking with organic Facebook posts, but a study from research firm Clutch finds that paid social media is better at helping businesses achieve their goals. Nearly 60% of respondents said they agreed with this statement: “Paid social is more effective than organic social.” Only 8% of respondents disagreed with the statement. (The rest were neutral.) Thirty-nine percent of respondents said they use mostly organic with some paid social media; 35% use paid and organic equally. Only 13% use only organic and 1% use only paid. Facebook dominates among the networks used at 66% followed by YouTube, Twitter, and LinkedIn, all in the low 30% range. The takeaway: The line between paid and earned media has been obliterated. Boosting posts and buying attention is now a requirement. If you haven’t paid to boost a post, give it a try. You may be amazed at the results. Read more Mobile and Wearables Polling and payment features come to Messenger—Facebook Messenger is adding polling and money prompt features as part of its bid to “become a central up for people’s daily activities and interactions.” Polls only appear in the group you’re currently chatting with. Machine learning is behind the payment feature; Messenger will understand you’re asking for money and display a pop-up the person who owes the money can use to pay it. The takeaway: Messenger aims to be the WeChat of the West. With over a billion users, it’s well on its way, which means businesses should be figuring out how they fit into Facebook’s messaging ecosystem. Read more Instagram tweaks its call-to-action button—Instagram is rolling out four improvements to its advertising services, notably a call-to-action button that will do a better job of attracting users’ attention. In tests, the larger button improved performance 45%. Other improvements include what happens when you unmute a video: You’ll be taken to the destination URL “while the video continues to play at the top of the screen. Now people can explore, browse, and take action on a landing page while continuing to watch the video.” The takeaway: It’s not discussed as much as some other channels, but Instagram is a massive powerhouse for marketers. If you haven’t been directing any dollars toward Instagram, these improvements masy be enough to push you over the edge. Read more We use apps on mobile devices far more than the mobile web—Adult mobile phone users spend nearly two hours daily using apps, compared to only 19 minutes on the mobile web. App use is growing while mobile web use is declining. The takeaway: Keep in mind that Messenger, WhatsApp and other messaging tools that have grown incredibly popular are apps, so mobile messaging is part of this equation. As a result, so is chatbot usage. So rather than get excited at the prospect of deploying more apps (people install an average of zero new apps each month), focus on how to be effective in the messaging space. Read more Chatbots The bot economy is outpacing the app economy—Citigroup analyst Mark May pointed out that the bot economy is growing much more quickly in its early days than the app economy did. “There is significant potential for bots to become an everyday-technology,” May said, just as apps did. He shared two charts, one showing more bots created in the first 90 and 120 days than there were apps during the same period, another demonstrating that nearly 20,000 more developers are creating bots than were involved in developing apps during the early months of their availability. The takeaway: The best way to get acquainted with bots is to start using them. May I suggest Purple, a project by a graduate of CUNY’s entrepreneurial journalism program? Read more Al Jazeera English the latest news organization to launch a bot—I already get CNN news delivered by a Messenger chatbot. I’ll probably add the new Al Jazeera English bot. While CNN sends me a daily update, pushing a carousel of news items to me via Messenger, Al Jazeera English promises to “deliver the right news at the right time” by letting users customize the categories of news that interest them and the frequency with which they’ll deliver breaking news items. The customization occurs as soon as you follow the bot, which asks a series of questions to build your profile. The takeaway: Seriously, folks, if your company distributes news releases, the time to start building a news bot is now, even if it’s aimed at journalists covering your company, shareholders, employees, and other targeted audiences rather than the general public. Read more Fashion industry goes nuts for chatbots—Tommy Hilfiger, Burberry, Jack Threads and other fashion houses are diving into chatbots in order to give fans an in-store experience online and give the companies the chance to speak one-on-one with customers. One CEO called the chatbot experience “intimate.” The takeaway: Marketers tend to keep an eye on the fashion industry as trendsetters. This is one of those times. Read more Cool Ideas Marriott opens an upside-down hotel room—The #MGravityRoom at a New York Marriott hotel is upside down: a chair, desk and bed hang from the wall on one side “so when you walk in and take a picture, it appears as though you are on the room’s ceiling.” The idea is to show off a new room design. Guests are encouraged to visit the room and share the pictures they take. The takeaway: I would visit the room if I were nearby, and I would share the pictures online. Wouldn’t you? Read more Delete a foot photo from Instagram and Land O’Lakes will make a donation—“Delete to Feed” is a campaign that raises money for Feeding America. Delete one photo of food from your Instagram account and Land O’Lakes will donate 11 meals to the hungry. You have to visit the Delete to Feed website first to connect your account. The goal: 2.75 million meals. The takeaway: This is an example of slacktivism that produces a tangible result. It’s also an example of a company demonstrating its commitment to social good in a way that will resonate with people who actively participate. And who doesn’t have a food photo you could stand to get rid of? Read more This week’s wrap image is from National Marine Sanctuaries’ Flickr account. It’s “an unnamed seamount never before surveyed in Papahanamokuakea Marine National Monuement.” The seastar is wrapped around it. 09/23/16 | 0 Comments | Friday Wrap #186: Bank ethics, AI messaging, live-streamed debates, declining Twitter spends, & more Comment Form Enter Your Comment: Your Name: Your Email: Location: URL: Remember my personal information Notify me of follow-up comments? What is the four-letter acronym for the International Association of Business Communicators? Please enter the acronym below: « Back Email: .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) Phone: +1.415.881.7435 Cell: 925.864.2249 Skype: shelholtz Twitter: @shelholtz E-Newsletter Sign Up For timely updates, please join our newsletter list: Subscribe to HC+T Update, Shel Holtz’s email newsletter. Categories Sort by Category: --Select Category-- Employee Engagement (4)Chatbots (25)Virtual and Augmented Reality (46)Management (9)The Workplace Experience (39)Sharing and Collaborating (31)Economics (6)Content (201)Instagram (92)Healthcare (10)Visual Communication (112)Wearables (20)Pinterest (52)Advertising (126)Attention (23)Audio (34)Augmented Reality (25)Blogging (453)Books (39)Brands (226)Business (451)Channels (77)Content Curation (53)crayon (3)Crisis Communication (123)Customer Service (64)Death Watch (20)Edge Content (4)Ethics (86)External (113)Facebook (239)For Immediate Release (1388)FriendFeed (1)Geek Dinners (3)Gamification (26)General (232)IABC (40)Google+ (30)Instant Messaging (19)Internal (249)Deconstructing Larkin (11)Intranets (70)Legal (77)Listing (1)Location-based Services (24)Marketing (332)Measurement (77)Media (304)Mobile (218)Monitoring (21)New Media (32)Participatory Communication (32)Podcasting (190)Pointers (10)Politics (62)PR (336)Presentations (11)Publishing (62)QR Codes (25)Research (173)RSS (65)Search (42)Second Life (36)Skype (12)SNCR (11)Social Media (645)Social Networking (81)Social networks (107)Speaking (10)Tagging and Microformats (4)Technology (257)Transparency (40)Trust (37)Twitter (205)Video (134)Web (79)Web3D (3)Widgets (7)Wikis (31)Wireless (8)Writing and Editing (23) Connect             HC+T on Google+  Follow @shelholtz My Pitch Policy Upcoming Engagements Calendar RSS » Latest Podcast Episodes For Immediate Release A weekly podcast for professional communicators from Shel Holtz, ABC and Neville Hobson, ABC. November 16, 2016 #125: John Dunlap & Marty Desrochers on Revenue Management Strategies Based on the Theme Park Industry November 15, 2016 For Immediate Release Interview: Simon Worsfold on Risk of Communicating Outside Work Hours November 15, 2016 DIGITAL INDIA #076 : INDIA’S DIGITAL ERA OF MONEY IS HERE November 15, 2016 Episode #12: How are you engaging your company's millennials? November 14, 2016 For Immediate Release #61: The Election Episode November 14, 2016 Inside PR 457: Close-hold embargos Podcast Feed »   ©2016 Holtz Communications + Technology | Sitemap | Terms of Use | Site by NetRaising This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License
null
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Salesforce Buying Twitter Would Make Perfect Sense subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1 . Caption: Christie Hemm Klok/WIRED Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 09.23.16. 09.23.16 Time of Publication: 6:50 pm. 6:50 pm Salesforce Buying Twitter Would Make Perfect Sense Christie Hemm Klok/WIRED If you’re wondering why on Earth Salesforce might want to buy Twitter, Vala Afshar, the enterprise company’s “chief digital evangelist,” has a few reasons. Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Afshar quickly added that he was tweeting a personal opinion and not confirming today’s rumors that Salesforce is interested in acquiring the struggling social media platform. As for his employer, it most definitely had nothing to say. But he’s right. Salesforce started out selling “customer relationship management” software–tools that lets sales departments organize notes about customers and prospective customers. It is so much more than that now, and wants to be an artificial intelligence company on par with Facebook and Google. Twitter could help with that.   Twitter has long resisted surrendering its independence, but selling out makes sense. About 313 million people use the service each month, which sounds like a lot until you realize Instagram (owned by Facebook) and Snapchat are as big or bigger, and Facebook dwarfs them all with 1.65 billion monthly users. Twitter’s earnings rose last quarter, but remain well behind those of Facebook. Instagram claims to have doubled ad sales in the past six months. Simply put, Twitter lags behind in sales and growth. That’s never a good place to be, especially in Silicon Valley. But all of the things that ought to motivate Twitter to sell make others wary of buying. Twitter has a market cap of $16 billion, which is a lot to pay for a company that’s struggling to attract users and sales. Google is the most obvious savior. It has tried and tried and tried to figure out social media, to little avail. (Google Buzz, anyone? How about Orkut? Google+?) Twitter might not be Facebook, but it does have a large and devoted user base. Google could use its vast advertising operation to wring profits out of Twitter, and use Android—the world’s most popular smartphone operating system—to promote Twitter’s mobile app. But the European Union’s antitrust case over Android and a similar investigation in the US could make it hard to capitalize on Twitter. As for Salesforce, well, it already tried to buy LinkedIn (Microsoft got it), so it clearly wants a social network. It offers customer service software, market research tools, email marketing systems, and other products. Many of them already use social media. If you’ve ever tweeted a complaint about a company and received a response post-haste, you’ve seen how social networks play into Salesforce’s plans. Bringing Twitter in-house would facilitate building tools that connect sales, marketing and customer service clients directly to Twitter, providing deeper integration with its products. But Salesforce wants to do more than help customers monitor social media for @mentions. Earlier this year it acquired MetaMind, a company that specializes in deep learning–the branch of AI that Google, Facebook and Microsoft are dumping boatloads of money into. Salesforce hopes its “Einstein” project brings AI to all of its products. The idea is that AI could help sales departments identify which leads are most likely to buy, help marketers determine which products will sell, and help customers build AI-driven applications. Doing this will require enormous amounts of data. Twitter isn’t the biggest player in this game, but it still produces staggering quantities of data. That can only help Salesforce. None of this may be enough to justify the expense of buying a company that has all but stalled. But the entire tech sector is diving headlong into AI. Google and Facebook may not compete directly with Salesforce today, but they may tomorrow. Buying Twitter is a hedge against that. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs Security Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs 8 hours Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 1 day How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet Movies How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet 5 hours John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 2 days Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets books Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets 8 hours Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 1 day DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 22 hours The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed TV The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed 23 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 8 hours Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 1 day Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 Artificial Intelligence OpenAI Joins Microsoft on the Cloud’s Next Big Front: Chips 1 day Election 2016 How Pollsters Missed the ‘Bowling Alone’ Voters That Handed Trump the Presidency 1 day Culture Podcast A Tribe Called Quest’s New Record Is Awesome. National Politics? Not So Much 1 hour We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.


null
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter East Bay Times Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary TheCannifornian.com Google to open Oakland tech lab next month: report Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Metallica’s new album Sheen’s ex, kids missing Hayward native is Sexiest man alive Ozumo closing Staircase murder Megyn Kelly on Trump Business Google to open Oakland tech lab next month: report Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) A computer science student works on coding during a class from Level Playing Field Institute’s SMASH Academy at U.C. Berkeley on Wednesday, July 16, 2014 in Berkeley, Calif. (Aric Crabb/Bay Area News Group) By Ethan Baron | ebaron@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: September 23, 2016 at 2:59 pm | UPDATED: September 24, 2016 at 6:38 am Amid criticism that Silicon Valley tech is far too white, Google is seeking to add some diversity to the talent pipeline, according to a report this week. The Mountain View tech giant is working with MIT’s Media Lab to “mentor the next generation of African-American and Latino computer scientists” at a facility in Oakland, USA Today reported Wednesday. At “Code Next,” Google will present an “engaging” after-school program for middle-school students, as the Oakland Unified School District is boosting its computer science programming for pupils in those grades, the district’s computer sciences manager told the newspaper. Sixty percent of Silicon Valley tech workers are white and 23 percent are Asian, while only 8 percent are Latino and 7 percent are black, according to a recent PBS report. And Google, which reports on the diversity of its workforce, is 59 percent white and 32 percent Asian, but only 3 percent Latino and 2 percent black. “This is the first time Google is venturing into Oakland where African Americans and Latinos make up more than half of residents,” the USA Today article said. “It’s one of a growing number of Silicon Valley companies establishing a beachhead there in an effort to hire more African-American and Latino workers amid growing criticism of their hiring practices.” The most prominent tech firm to have previously announced plans for Oakland facilities is Uber, which is slated to move into the Sears building next year. However, Uber’s reason for entering Oakland is not necessarily diversity-based: the Mercury News reported in July that Uber had “said little in regard to community outreach or diversity.” Google has leased space for the program in the Fruitvale Transit Village, near the Fruitvale BART station, according to the San Francisco Business Times, which reported that the facility will be used for teaching students about technology and entrepreneurship. Google did not comment on the lab to USA Today or the San Francisco Business Times, according to their articles. Tags:  Google Ethan Baron Ethan Baron is a business reporter at The Mercury News, and a native of Silicon Valley before it was Silicon Valley. Baron has worked as a reporter, columnist, editor and photographer in newspapers and magazines for 25 years, covering business, politics, social issues, crime, the environment, outdoor sports, war and humanitarian crises. Follow Ethan Baron @ethanbaron Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Oakland: Woman charged with killing Berkeley teacher, wife, son, then setting home ablaze Bay Area public schools: Superintendent’s pay package ‘excessive,’ tops $400K Pittsburg police to issue citation on banner with racial slur Alameda Co. Public Defender seeks judicial action over court snafus Commuter ferry service from Richmond launched Ozumo, pioneering Oakland restaurant, is closing Montclair man sentenced for wife’s staircase murder Kaepernick didn’t vote because he couldn’t vote More in Technology Biz Break: Is Apple getting into glasses? Will new Nintendo NES Classic’s show up? November 16, 2016, 5:42 am Could Apple have digital glasses in the works? Will Nintendo fix the dearth of its new NES Classic game consoles? Snowden’s Oakland speech: Trump, privacy, dangerous technology November 16, 2016, 3:48 am The controversial whistleblower addressed a crowd Tuesday during Fusion media‘s second annual Real Future Fair at the Oakland Museum of California. Activist investor Starboard buys a stake in Hewlett Packard Enterprise November 14, 2016, 2:04 pm There was Yahoo. There was Depomed. There was Marvell Technology. And now, with a new investment in Hewlett Packard Enterprise, activist investor Starboard Value Fund appears to be going for a grand slam of cage-rattling among Bay Area businesses this year. ‘Grandma’s’ garage that housed Nest holds lure for new startups November 14, 2016, 1:29 pm Nearly a dozen tech companies, many of them successes, got their start in the downtown Palo Alto space owned by a quirky, 88-year-old landlady. That history has been a draw for new entrepreneurial tenants. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Social Media > Google and Salesforce are reportedly interested in… Google and Salesforce are reportedly interested in acquiring Twitter By Kyle Wiggers — September 23, 2016 2:33 PM vdovichenko/123RF Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends If reports on Friday are to be believed, it won’t be long before Twitter finds itself in the clutches of a cash-rich corporate overlord. According to Recode, Google and Salesforce have expressed interest in buying the beleaguered social network to the tune of billions of dollars. And the deal’s moving fast — formal bids may be submitted in a matter of weeks. Twitter’s board of directors is spearheading the acquisition effort, Recode reports. It’s seeking at least $30 billion, although the exact number is reportedly in flux. Conversations are “picking up momentum,” the publication reported, and an announcement is expected “before year-end.” Rumors of a buyout drove the social network’s stock price to record highs — it was up as high as 20 percent in morning trading — on Friday. Related: Twitter has finally made it possible to post longer tweets Twitter’s suitors reportedly see as much value in its data as in its brand recognition. Salesforce and Google both stand to benefit from the social media network’s fire hose of real-time information. Einstein, Salesforce’s artificially intelligent management software that automates tasks with a combination of machine learning, natural language processing, and contextual analysis, requires vast amounts of data to calibrate. So, too, do Google’s myriad artificial intelligence software — the search firm said that a single component of an image recognition algorithm requires “tens of thousands” of data samples. Data isn’t Twitter’s only draw. It’s focused concertedly on improving tools for businesses that interact with customers on the platform. Earlier this year, it rolled out a dedicated webpage from which spokespeople can directly message users and update hours of support availability. And in October, it partnered with Oracle, Sprout, and others to build “Twitter-based customer service products” capable of “search[ing] and surfac[ing] relationships between business and customers.” Ev Williams, former Twitter CEO and co-founder, spoke to the company’s efforts at a Recode event last year. “In 2008 or 2009, before we monetized at all, we saw 1 million people sign up to follow Starbucks,” he said. “Now it’s a major source for customer service and marketing.” Related: Twitter has a white supremacist problem, claims new study That momentum has unsurprisingly piqued the interest of Salesforce’s higher-ups. The company commands an 18.4 percent share of the customer relationship management (CRM) market — far and away the largest of any firm in the category. Twitter’s strength in data and CRM doesn’t discount its raw reach, though. The social network generates a deluge of 500 million tweets a day and attracts, on average, from more than 500 million users each month. Notable events occasionally boost those numbers to nearly inconceivable heights: During the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final, 618,725 tweets were sent in a single minute, and one of the most retweeted messages of all time — a selfie capture by comedian Ellen DeGeneres at the 2014 Academy Awards — was shared more than 3.33 million times. For Google, which has repeatedly tried — and failed — to challenge social media incumbents like Facebook, that sort of built-in growth is likely attractive. One of the company’s first forays into networking, the microblogging Google Buzz, was marred almost immediately by controversy: By default, it publicly disclosed a list of users’ most frequently emailed contacts. Subsequent updates allowed users to disable that feature, but negative publicity generated by a string of class-action lawsuits, public condemnation from privacy groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission made the project untenable. In 2011, Google announced that it was shuttering Buzz permanently to focus on “future” efforts. Related: Twitter launches live Rio Olympics moments, and a barrage of new emojis One of those efforts, Google+, went on to experience some success. Google’s first fully featured social network offered, like Facebook, the ability to share photos, videos, events, and status updates with friends. It also allowed users to instantly text and video chat with groups of friends via the companion messaging app Hangouts. But its defining feature was Circles, communities organized around topics, friend groups, or family. In contrast to networks like Facebook and Twitter, which encouraged a public sharing, Circles conferred a degree of control — users could share updates to a particular group rather than every follower under the sun. Despite Google+’s competitiveness, the platform never managed to gain traction — The New York Times reported that last year, roughly half of its 540 million active monthly users didn’t visit or use it regularly. In subsequent months, Google attempted to reinvigorate the network’s growth by integrating many of the social features of YouTube, its video-sharing website, but those efforts backfired: hundreds of thousands of YouTube users protested the requirement to create a Google+ account in order to comment on videos. Google eventually reversed the change. Posting a comment on YouTube no longer requires a Google+ account. In 2015, Google took a different, more palatable tact: a redesign of Google+ that emphasized Communities, or interest groups, and Collections, Pinterest-inspired web bookmarks of photos organized around a topic. But growth hasn’t come. According to an analysis conducted by research firm Stone Temple, more than 90 percent of Google+ accounts have never made a single public post, and only between 4 million to 6 million people engage with any of the social network’s content. Related: Alexa can now read you tweets from your Twitter timeline Google’s other efforts have seen even less success. Orkut, a social media network designed to “help users meet new and old friends and maintain existing relationships,” reached 100 million members at its peak. Facebook, by comparison, has more than 1.55 billion active users. Google’s drive toward a platform with critical mass aligns with its bread-and-butter business: advertising. And in that regard, Twitter’s a goldmine. In the past year alone, ad engagements — or every instance a user views or clicks on a sponsored post — grew 208 percent year-on-year. Twitter commands a 0.9 percent share of the digital ad market. And despite a second quarter with “less advertiser demand than expected,” Twitter posted revenue of $602 million — largely derived from advertising. But Twitter isn’t without baggage. Related: The Twitter verdict: NFL live-stream reaches 2 million viewers, hailed a resounding success Despite attracting more than 1.3 billion registered accounts and 313 million active users, Twitter has struggled to carve out a profitable niche in the social media fabric. It’s been beset by disappointing earnings and stagnating growth, much of which its shareholders blame on an “intimidating” level of complexity. The network has attempted to make sense of its never-ending tweet flood with tools like Highlights, which curates a selection of the most important tweets of the day the day from your feed, and a “while you were away” feature that recaps tweets users might otherwise miss. And in September, it introduced the ability to submit tweets longer than 140 characters in length, a longtime frustration of new users. Twitter has also made strides in ensuring users aren’t quick to leave its pages. It recruited payments platform Stripe to launch a “buy” button within certain tweets — users can purchase products directly from on smartphones, tablets, and other mobile devices. It launched an ephemeral video platform in the form of Vine, and a live-streaming solution in Periscope. It debuted Moments, a curated feed of newsworthy topics that lets users follow trending events, last year. And in July, it signed a deal with Pac-12 Networks to live-stream hundreds of college sports events — following a similar arrangement with the NFL. The network’s other television partners include the CBS, NBC and Bloomberg, and it’s reportedly negotiating with as many as 10 others. Related: Looking to watch the presidential debates? Just head over to Twitter But there haven’t been fixes as quick in store for Twitter’s other problems. Investors have pointed to the network’s failure to stem hate speech and abuse as a major deterrent to its growth. Twitter so far has attempted to fix that problem with tools, most visibly in the form of automatic filters that use “signals … such as account origin and behavior” to automatically hide suspicious, abusive, and duplicate tweets. Separately, Twitter rolled out a toggleable “quality filter” last year that removed tweets identified as offensive or threatening. Activists have so far been critical of Twitter’s anti-abuse efforts — one, a former employee who spoke to BuzzFeed, called it a “honeypot for assholes.” It’s an image problem with which Twitter’s new owner will have to contend. It’s too early to call a likely winning bidder, but Google appears to have a better shot. It announced a partnership with Twitter in May that saw real-time shares from Twitter added to a scrollable carousel in search results — the second such partnership between the two companies in the past five years. And perhaps more importantly, Google has the cash on hand to finance the acquisition — as much as $73.1 billion, by one estimate. Related: Governments are requesting more Twitter user data than ever before It would be a slightly more difficult bid for Salesforce, and would qualify as the largest acquisition in the firm’s history, as well as a bit of a stretch: The company has made $4 billion in buys in the first six months of this year, TechCrunch reports, and has cash reserves around half of Twitter’s current market capitalization. The dust likely won’t clear until later this year, when formal bids are expected to be announced, but there’s potential for a shake-up. Recode reports that Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Disney, News Corp, Comcast, and Verizon have expressed acquisition interest at one point or another. Also watch: Google, Chrysler team up to create the ultimate self-driving car? Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business/Social Networking BusinessSocial Networking Twitter in discussions for possible sale to… Google?! By Todd Haselton | September 23, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Twitter is reportedly in discussions with at least two companies for a potential sale, according to CNBC. Among the companies are Salesforce.com and, perhaps more intriguing, Google. Google, as you may know, has failed to kickstart its own social networks including the now-defunct Google Wave and Google+, the latter of which isn’t as popular as social networks such as Twitter or Facebook. News of the potential acquisition talks drove shares of Twitter skyrocketing this morning, but CNBC warns that discussions are still early and that there isn’t yet an offer, though Twitter “may receive a formal bid shortly.” Salesforce.com and Google are reportedly interested in Twitter’s “data,” which makes sense especially given data is the entire foundation on which Google operates. Twitter would also give its acquirer a step into the world of media, a deeper understanding into what millions of people are talking about, access to streaming media such as NFL Thursday Night football rights and more. It’s unclear what sort of deal may appear; Twitter’s current market cap is $15.6 billion. Source CNBC Topics #Twitter #Google #Twitter Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Home About us Languages Bulgarian Chinese Czech French German Hebrew Indonesian Italian Japanese Korean Persian Portuguese Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Ukrainian Vietnamese Epoch Taste New York NY News Orange County NY NY Politics NYC Dining This is New York NYC City Life China China-US News Chinese Regime Business & Economy Chinese Culture China Human Rights China Society Nine Commentaries Organ Harvesting in China Hong Kong US US News US Features Politics Crime and Incidents World Africa Americas Asia & Pacific Canada Europe India International Middle East Opinion Thinking About China Viewpoints The Reader’s Turn Business Companies Economies Markets Real Estate Tech Tech News Tech Products & Reviews Tips & Tricks Social Media Gaming Science News Beyond Science Space Environment Archaeology Health News Fitness & Nutrition Traditional Chinese Medicine Alternative Health Treatments & Techniques Health Videos Food Food News Recipes Drinks Arts Shen Yun Special Coverage Featured Topic: The Classics Performing Arts Fine Arts Literature Entertainment Film Reviews Film & TV Entertainment News Korean Trends Life Slice of Life Good to Know Inspired Home Autos Personal Finance Careers Family Education Green Living Travel Style Sports NFL Baseball NBA College Sports Tennis Soccer Hockey Motorsports Cycling Galleries Video Entertainment Health Science & Tech China Life Moments Animal Sports Fashion & Beuaty Food Travel Autos Programs China Uncensored Off the Great Wall Learn Chinese Now Asian Beauty Secrets Food Paradise Epoch Forum More Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Sections Search Our Brands ×Close Subscribe PRINT EDITION NEWSLETTERS Epoch Times on Twitter Epoch Times on Facebook Companies Twitter’s Stock Soars on Another Takeover Rumor Companies Twitter’s Stock Soars on Another Takeover Rumor By Emel Akan, Epoch Times | September 23, 2016 AT 6:50 PM Last Updated: September 25, 2016 5:33 pm The Twitter logo at the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on Nov. 7, 2013. Shares of Twitter soared 20 percent on Sept. 23, 2016 over takeover rumors. (Emmanuel Dunan/AFP/Getty Images) Shares of Twitter soared nearly 20 percent on Sept. 23, on takeover rumors. Salesforce.com and Google could be interested in buying the social network, according to a CNBC report. Twitter Inc. (TWTR:NYSE) had lost more than 50 percent of value since its initial public offering in Dec. 2013, giving it a market value of about $13 billion as of Sept. 22, making it an attractive acquisition target. On Friday, Twitter gained nearly $3 billion in market value after the rumors of a potential takeover by Salesforce and Google emerged. Salesforce.com’s stock was down 5.5 percent and Google’s share price stayed flat. Twitter’s share price has been under pressure since April of last year. The company is lagging far behind rival Facebook in key metrics such as user growth. Twitter’s share price performance since its IPO in Nov. 2013. (Source: Yahoo finance) In July, the 10-year-old messaging platform announced it reached 313 million monthly active users. In comparison, Facebook has 1.7 billion users. The company announced disappointing results in the second quarter on July 26. It missed estimates on revenue, growing only 20 percent year-on-year in the second quarter compared to 36 percent growth in the first quarter. Advertising revenue, the company’s most important revenue segment deteriorated significantly. The management’s third-quarter guidance suggested recent challenges would likely remain. Salesforce.com’s chief digital evangelist, Vala Afshar, tweeted “Why @twitter?” on his twitter feed on Friday morning, triggering takeover rumors. Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Later, he posted another tweet stating that they were his personal views about Twitter. I have tweeted my personal views regarding ‘Why Twitter?’ numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter. — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Goldman Sachs stated in a report that Twitter has multiple avenues for new revenue as well as the potential to be acquired by another company, a couple of reasons why investors can buy the stock. Editor’s Picks Grassroots and Professional, Anti-Trump Protests Seek Healing and Political Change ‘Human Rights is Part of the DNA of America’: An Interview with Gary Locke on Hillary Clinton, China, and the 2016 Election Transcending the Partisan Mind Receive Our Epoch 10 Newsletter Important stories from around the world, in your inbox daily. More in CompaniesHow a New App Takes On Traditional Stock BrokeragesTwitter’s Chief Operating Officer Steps Down as Company FaltersUS Stocks Surge Following Trump Victory; Bond Prices TumbleToblerone Fans Are Outraged at Recent Shape Change Latest in Business Markets Is Self Driving Technology Already Making Us Safer? Markets Marketing to Hispanics via Cultural Heritage Investment Conscious Capital Is Changing How Finance Functions Companies How a New App Takes On Traditional Stock Brokerages Companies Twitter’s Chief Operating Officer Steps Down as Company Falters Markets Shares Stage Swift Rebound as Markets Shake Off Trump Fears Markets Stock Markets Rise as Investors Warm to Trump Presidency Companies US Stocks Surge Following Trump Victory; Bond Prices Tumble Markets Trump’s Conciliatory Speech Helps Soothe Market Concerns × close Subscribe Advertise About Us Contact Us Print Editions RSS Feeds Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Copyright © 2000- Top
Share 2 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-16 Jill Duggar Counting On Days To El Salvador, Attends Derick Dillard Family Wedding With Baby After Jinger And Jeremy Set Off To Honeymoon Entertainment 2016-11-16 Jazz Legend Mose Allison Joins The Long List Of Musicians Lost In 2016 Entertainment 2016-11-15 Michael J. Fox Played Guitar With Dave Matthews Band: Rock On, McFly Entertainment 2016-11-15 Jana Duggar Takes Backseat At Jinger And Jeremy Vuolo Wedding As Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy Anna And Family Dominate ‘Counting On’ News News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-16 Kaitlyn George Update: University Of Maryland Student Found Safe [Breaking News] News 2016-11-16 Steve Bannon Reported To FBI For Breaking Campaign Finance Laws News 2016-11-16 Ivanka Trump Jewelry: $10,800 Bracelet ‘Style Alert’ Ad From ’60 Minutes’ Interview Brings Controversy And Apology [Video] News 2016-11-16 ‘Deadliest Catch’ Jake Harris Recovers From Severe Beating — Police Arrest Couple That Robbed, Beat Him And Left Him For Dead Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-16 Minnesota Vikings Vs. Arizona Cardinals: Bold Predictions For NFL Week 11 Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-16 Hello Games Employees Leaving ‘No Man’s Sky’: Is Game Doomed? Gaming 2016-11-16 Play ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ For Free This Weekend On PlayStation 4 And PC, Xbox One Free Weekend Coming Soon Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Conan Exiles’ Impresses With 360 Degree Screenshots, On Track For January Early Access Gaming 2016-11-15 Sombra Boops Into ‘Overwatch,’ New Hero, Map, And Arcade Mode Now Live BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Twitter Buyout: Here’s Why Buying The Micro-Blogging Platform With Stagnated Metrics Makes Perfect Sense For Google Or Salesforce Business 2 0 0 September 23, 2016 Twitter Buyout: Here’s Why Buying The Micro-Blogging Platform With Stagnated Metrics Makes Perfect Sense For Google Or Salesforce Patrick Frye Twitter might be up for sale and companies like Google, Salesforce, and even Facebook are said to be in talks about a buyout bid, indicated sources with knowledge about the developments. While there is no official confirmation from any of the companies, Twitter is a great buy considering the less-than-ideal situation the micro-blogging network is currently in, and the vast amount of usable data it collects and processes. The social media platform that limits its users to be creative in just 140 characters is rumored to be available for a buyout, reported CNBC. While several companies could soon be seen clamoring to submit a formal bid, tech giants like Google and Salesforce are believed to be the frontrunners in the race to acquire Twitter. While Twitter and Google have neither confirmed nor denied the rumors, Salesforce declined to comment, reported CNET. Twitter buyout rumors hint at Google, Salesforce interest https://t.co/PGXvq18Joc — RBLevin (@RBLevin) September 23, 2016 As expected, rumors about Twitter’s buyout have helped the company make a healthy recovery on the stock market. Twitter’s stock jumped more than 20 percent Friday morning on the heels of the rumor that serious buyers are “examining the possibility of a deal and assessing Twitter’s willingness to engage on that possibility.” Twitter might be up more than 22% today, but the stock is still down more than 12% from its 2013 IPO price. $TWTR pic.twitter.com/rQSfcD10fU — CNBC (@CNBC) September 23, 2016 It is strongly believed that the social media company is currently engaged in preliminary talks with potential suitors. Interestingly, even Twitter’s board of directors are said to be keenly interested in being bought out, indicated people familiar with the developments. Though there’s no surety the talks about an impending buyout are true or that there’s even a semblance of assurance a deal will ever materialize, many indicate Twitter might make a deal before the end of the year. If Twitter is to be sold before 2017, a concrete acquisition offer would have to be submitted and accepted within the next few days. Twitter's Stock Has Best Day Ever Amid Buyout Rumor https://t.co/yFu078vwAc $TWTR — Benzinga.com (@Benzinga) September 23, 2016 Twitter isn’t doing well; it is public knowledge that Twitter hasn’t been doing well in almost all of the segments. It was recently downgraded as investment option, after steadily underperforming on a number of performance metrics tech companies are routinely evaluated on. This makes Twitter a very lucrative company to buy since it still offers a wealth of tangible and engaging information, and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Twitter hasn’t been performing as its upper management had promised. Monthly Active User (MAU) growth, one of the most basic parameters of growth for any social media company, has been essentially flat for the past several quarters. Its third-quarter sales disappointed Wall Street and fell woefully short of estimates. RBC Capital Markets’ analyst Mark Mahaney downgraded Twitter’s stock to “underperform” on Thursday, saying, “This change is based on our belief that Twitter’s value proposition to advertisers could be waning, based on our recent advertiser survey data.” However, he did point out the potential of the platform, implying those who stick it out with the company during its difficult time could reap huge benefits in the future. “We note that we still believe Twitter is a unique asset with a strong value proposition to core users.” With 313 million users, Twitter is nowhere near Facebook. The social media giant commands the attention of 1.23 billion users. To address it various woes, co-founder Jack Dorsey returned as Twitter’s CEO about a year ago. However, his active involvement doesn’t seem to have had any positive or groundbreaking impact on the platform’s functioning or user acquisition and retention. As if internal hurdles weren’t enough, Twitter has to deal with a lawsuit filed by a shareholder who insists the company made “false and misleading” statements about its growth projections. my reporting june 2015 via @benzinga: $TWTR Twitter Buyout Odds Are At The 'Greatest' Right Now https://t.co/uHj909d7ku $FB $GOOG $TWTR — Charles Gasparino (@CGasparino) September 23, 2016 Twitter’s current predicament presents the perfect opportunity for companies like Google, Salesforce, Facebook, and others to buy the company at a very lucrative, if not rock-bottom, price. While Twitter’s finances might not be great right now, it is one of the most actively engaged social media platforms with ample room for growth and business. [Featured Image by Andrew Burton/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Amazon Launches First Ever Branded Cargo Plane Now Read This: Samsung Makes Its Biggest Deal Ever: Buys Harman Audio In $8 Billion All-Cash Deal To Speed Ahead In Smart Car Technologies Share 2 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Patrick Frye Tags: acquisitions, buyout, google, salesforce Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘The Young And The Restless’ Rumors: Sean Kanan Hints At A Deacon Sharpe Return–Will He Return To Genoa City? Matt Baier To Write Tell-All Book — ‘Teen Mom OG’ Star Admits To Lying In Order To Snag Amber Portwood Manchester United Vs. Arsenal: Prediction, Preview, Teams News, & Betting Tips ‘American Horror Story: Roanoke’: Every Question We Need Answered In The Season 6 Finale ‘Days Of Our Lives’ Spoilers: Huge Drama Erupts In Salem Courthouse Lala Kent’s Boyfriend: Who Is The Rumored Married Man? WWE News: The Undertaker Claims He’s Back, Update On Plans For Him Following ‘WWE Survivor Series?’ WWE Rumors: UFC’s Conor McGregor Or Ronda Rousey To Appear At ‘WrestleMania’ 33? ‘Real Housewives Of New Jersey’ Star Jacqueline Laurita Reveals Who Actually Called The Feds On Teresa Giudice Florida Man Claiming Food Poisoning Allegedly Stabs IHOP Waiter Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 57.5k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 31.3k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 24.7k 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 5.7k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 11.9k 0 0 Recent Headlines WWE Rumors: UFC’s Conor McGregor Or Ronda Rousey To Appear At ‘WrestleMania’ 33? 0 0 0 ‘Real Housewives Of New Jersey’ Star Jacqueline Laurita Reveals Who Actually Called The Feds On Teresa Giudice 0 0 0 Luis D. Ortiz To Increase Net Worth With The Launch Of Happyholic? 0 0 0 Kaitlyn George Update: University Of Maryland Student Found Safe [Breaking News] 9 0 0 Britney Spears Has A ‘Slumber Party’ With Singer Tinashe 0 0 0 Emily Ratajkowski Dances Topless On Instagram During Beach Vacation, ‘Gone Girl’ Actress Pushes Boundaries On Censorship 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content SuperSite for Windows Search: Stay Connected Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS IT/Dev Connections About Newsletter Register Log In Username or e-mail: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Windows Windows 10 Windows RT Windows 8 Windows 7 Windows Vista Windows XP Mobile Windows Phone Mobile Devices Cloud OneDrive Outlook.com Skype Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Xbox 360 Xbox One Podcasts Advertisement Home > Apple > Apple Said to Step Up Plans for Echo-Style Smart-Home Device Apple Said to Step Up Plans for Echo-Style Smart-Home Device Sep 23, 2016 Mark Gurman and Ian King | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Bloomberg Advertisement (Bloomberg) -- Apple Inc. is pressing ahead with the development of an Echo-like smart-home device based on the Siri voice assistant, according to people familiar with the matter. Started more than two years ago, the project has exited the research and development lab and is now in prototype testing, said the people, who asked not to be identified discussing unannounced Apple projects. Like  Amazon Inc.’s Echo, the device is designed to control appliances, locks, lights and curtains via voice activation, the people said. Apple hasn’t finalized plans for the device and could still scrap the project. If a product reaches the market, it would be Apple’s most significant piece of new hardware since the company announced the Apple Watch in 2014. Echo has been a surprise hit, even to Apple engineers working on their competing project, and is already being baked into smart-home systems made by a range of companies. Meanwhile, Alphabet Inc. is working on its own device, Google Home. Besides taking on the competition, Apple is looking for a new hot seller to augment the iPhone. The company is attempting to differentiate itself from Echo and Google Home with more advanced microphone and speaker technology, two people said. Some of the prototypes in testing include facial recognition sensors, another person said. Apple has acquired the facial recognition startups Faceshift and Emotient over the past two years, which may help the device act based on who is in a room or a person’s emotional state. Besides serving as a controller for other smart-home devices, the speaker would theoretically be able to process many of the Siri commands available on the iPhone. For example, users may be able to ask the device to read e-mails, send text messages and Tweets, and stream content from Apple Music. Apple has also considered integrating mapping information into the speaker, another person said, potentially allowing the device to notify a user when it’s time to leave the house for an appointment. An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment. Before setting its sights on a standalone speaker, Apple attempted to integrate the functionality of an Amazon Echo-like device into the Apple TV, three people said. This would have allowed users to shout commands from the couch to the TV box. Those efforts were abandoned in favor of putting the voice-command features into a remote control when the latest set-top box shipped in October 2015. Apple began showing its interest in the smart-home field with the launch of HomeKit in 2014, which allows third-party smart-home accessory makers to integrate with Siri. That same year, Apple began testing early versions of Siri-driven speakers with proprietary surround sound technology. The company worked on two versions, a larger and a smaller model similar to Amazon’s current line-up, and even set up a small home theater to test prototypes. But those early efforts may not translate into a final product. The work on the speaker is a collaboration between the Cupertino, California-based company’s hardware division and its Siri team, which last year was re-organized by the division’s vice president, Bill Stasior. The division now consists of four main development groups: web search, proactive assistance, speech recognition, and the Siri application itself, two people said. The web search team focuses on Apple’s efforts to circumvent Google search by pushing query suggestions via Apple’s own servers, while the speech recognition group powers how Siri understands its users. The proactive assistance team develops functionality such as the iPhone feature that alerts users to appointments, while the application team engineers the voice assistant. Now that the device has entered the prototype stage, Apple engineers have begun secretly testing it in their homes, one of the people said. While not an indicator of the speaker’s launch timeline, Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has said he tested the iPad at home for roughly six months before its introduction. By contrast, Apple employees began testing the latest Apple TV with Siri about a year before it went on sale, one of the people said. Following successive year-over-year quarterly drops in sales, Cook is looking for new ways to generate revenue for a company that some analysts have said has reached its peak. Apple relies heavily on the iPhone, which accounted for about 66 percent of its revenue last year, and an iPhone-connected speaker would be another way for the company to boost its smartphone sales via its ecosystem. The Information earlier reported that Apple is working on an Amazon Echo-like speaker, which CNET said would include cameras. While Apple’s ability to make high-quality hardware isn’t in question, the Siri voice system has failed to meet expectations. Since launching in 2011 with the iPhone 4S, Siri has frequently stumbled with long load times and by misinterpreting information. If the speaker is to thrive in a marketplace dominated by Amazon’s advanced Alexa service, Apple needs to improve Siri. Beyond the home device, Apple is researching new ways to improve Siri on iPhones and iPads, two people said. With an initiative code-named “Invisible Hand,” Apple hopes to give users the ability to fully control their devices through a Siri command system within three years, one of the people added. Currently, the voice assistant is able to respond to commands within its application, but Apple’s goal is for Siri to be able to control the entire system without having to open an app or reactivate Siri. For example, a user would be able to ask their iPhone to open a web page and then share it with a friend without the need to ever launch the Siri interface. Other examples from Apple’s current research include being able to print a PDF by speaking “print” while reading it or saying “help” in order for the system to help the user navigate a particular task or application. Apple has also been researching opening this ability to third-party apps, the person said Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles So Apple's TV Plans Are ... To Copy Kinect? 13 Apple Said to Plan First Pro Laptop Overhaul in Four Years Apple Said to Plan IPhone for Japan With Tap-to-Pay for Subways Apple Said to Explore Smart Glasses in Deeper Wearables Push Apple’s Quarterly Sales: Yep, This is a Mobile Devices Company Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WinSuperSite.com Windows Mobile Cloud Windows Server Office Music & Videos Games Podcasts Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Follow US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Search WinSuperSite.com Search: SuperSite for Windows Related Penton Sites Dev Pro SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Gadgets/Gallery/Rumor Gadgets Google Wifi router rumored for Oct. 4 event with smart capabilities By Jacob Kleinman | September 23, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Google just celebrated the one-year anniversary of its smart OnHub routers (pictured above) earlier this month, but the company could already be moving onto something new. A new report claims that a “Google Wifi” router could debut at the October 4 event where we’re expecting to see Google’s new Pixel smartphones unveiled. It allegedly costs $129. The news comes from Android Police, which cites two reliable sources and rates the rumor with a confidence level of 9 out of 10. Google Wifi will apparently offer some smart features similar to OnHub, which boasts integration with Phillips smart lights, IFTTT support, seamless security updates and more. The report also notes that Google Wifi could offer a “mesh” network feature by connecting multiple routers around the house, though that’s not really unique. You can turn most routers into repeaters, but it’s possible Google might simplify the setup process so all you need to do is plug each router in and you’re good to go. Android Police adds that this feature might not be available out of the box, and could arrive instead as a future software update. Either way, we should learn more at Google’s big event next month. Beyond Pixel phones and the new router, the company is also expected to unveil a 7-inch tablet, a Chromecast with 4K support, a Daydream VR headset and final launch details for Google Home. So you should probably hold off on buying an OnHub—or really any Google hardware—until after the big announcement on October 4. Source Android Police Topics #Google #Google #Google Wifi Jacob Kleinman Jacob Kleinman has been working as a journalist online and in print since he arrived at Wesleyan University in 2007. After graduating, he took a blogging job at the International… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
null
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Podcasts from WIRED subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 09.23.16. 09.23.16 Time of Publication: 5:48 pm. 5:48 pm That’s Bubble Talk A blizzard of camera announcements hit this week, with new models from the likes of Sony, Olympus, and FujiFilm. But the most interesting devices to come out this week? Leica’s instant camera, Nikon’s 360 camera, and the new action cams and freakin’ drone from GoPro. Also on this week’s show, David gives us the backstory on Allo, Google’s chat app with an AI assistant, and how it stacks up against not only Google’s other chat and AI products, but also Apple’s iMessage and Siri. Oh yeah, and the one that everyone uses, WhatsApp. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/GLP-09.23.16-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: The GQ story on Michael Jackson. WIRED’s story on Google Allo’s launch. Leica’s fun Sofort instant camera. Brent Rose provides details on GoPro’s new stuff. Be sure to watch the Karma reveal. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Allo cameras Gadget Lab Podcasts GoPro podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Allo cameras Gadget Lab Podcasts GoPro podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 09.16.16. 09.16.16 Time of Publication: 12:59 pm. 12:59 pm The Thing That Gets You to the Thing Apple’s AirPods may not impress audio enthusiasts, or even most of the general device-buying public. But they do signal to a likely future scenario when wearable technology is both far more common and far more powerful—and one when the phone plays a diminished role in our tech culture. Yes, we’ll all still have phones, but we may not need to rely on them as much. Also this week: Behind the scenes of David’s iPhone 7 review, and curious pet behavior. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/Gadget-Lab-Podcast-9.16.16.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Will Oremus in Slate discussing the same topic. David Pierce reviews the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus and pans the AirPods. A survey of ceramics in personal technology products by Brian Barrett. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 09.09.16. 09.09.16 Time of Publication: 5:48 pm. 5:48 pm All About Apple Big week for Cupertino! New iPhones were announced on Wednesday along a new Watch and some new wireless earbuds. The hosts discuss all of the new Apple products, plus lament/celebrate the death of the headphone jack. At the top of the show, David and Michael talk about the new Kindle Fire tablets and the overall awesomeness of cheap Android tablets. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/GadgetLab-9.9.16.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Everything Apple announced. David’s hands-on of the iPhone 7 and the AirPods. The dual cameras on the iPhone 7 Plus. Amazon’s Fire tablets get Alexa. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. apple Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email apple Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 08.26.16. 08.26.16 Time of Publication: 3:07 pm. 3:07 pm Gadget Lab Podcast: Privacy on the High Seas This week’s show is the last one for WIRED executive editor (and sometimes-cohost) Joe Brown. The crew sends him off with the gentlest of ribbings and the occasional mistiness. The main discussion centers around the changes to WhatsApp’s policies regarding user information. Other topics this week include the sale of Pinterest to Instapaper and the bungling (but not bungling) of the Olympics coverage by the NBC/Comcast empire. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/GadgetLab-8.25.16-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Read Brian Barrett on the WhatsApp and Facebook privacy changes. Opt out of WhatsApp’s new contact-sharing policy now, before you no longer can. Davey Alba tells us about the sale of Instapaper to Pinterest. Android N is out—it’s very good, but depending on your phone, you may not get it for a while. The epic Bozeman “Tweezer”. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Joe “Last Chance” Brown is @joemfbrown, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts Pinterest podcasts WhatsApp Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts Pinterest podcasts WhatsApp Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 08.19.16. 08.19.16 Time of Publication: 3:26 pm. 3:26 pm Gadget Lab Podcast: Enjoy the Silence A quartet of topics this week, as the podcast returns after a brief pause necessitated by summer travel. There’s a new Soylent with coffee in it, and it’s maybe better than tea. The newest headphones from Bose sound so good, Michael is convinced that noise-canceling tech is not in fact the work of Satan. Two new phones arrived: the Samsung Note 7 and the Huawei Honor 8, and both are excellent (for different reasons). Finally, David tells us about why Google’s messaging app strategy is a big fail, and he offers ideas on how to fix it. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/GLP-08.09.2016-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: Pu-Erh. Coffiest. The Bose headphone review. Tim Moynihan’s review of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Two WIRED stories about Google Duo, one from David Pierce and one from Cade Metz. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Joe “I Don’t Work Here Anymore” Brown is @joemfbrown, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Michael Calore. Michael Calore Gear Date of Publication: 07.29.16. 07.29.16 Time of Publication: 2:31 pm. 2:31 pm Gadget Lab Podcast: Earning Man Productivity is possibly the least sexy topic in service journalism, but David has found a way to spice it up. He’s got a method for creating the ultimate to-do list that involves using a gaggle of Google apps. It’s pretty cool. Also, Michael and David discuss note-taking, “offline” productivity, and the importance of personal paper trails. At the beginning of the show, the hosts talk about Silicon Valley’s obsession with meditation and mindfulness, and the role apps (and Burning Man) play in that culture. At the end, the hosts discuss the tech sector’s earnings reports, which were revealed this week. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/GadgetLab-7.28.16-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: David’s how-to on using Google for to-do lists. That Wall Street Journal article about Apple trying to break into TV. See WIRED’s report on Amazon’s earnings. David’s Playa name is “Knowpiercer.” Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Joe “I’m Too Busy” Brown is @joemfbrown, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. earnings Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email earnings Gadget Lab Podcasts podcasts Author: Wired Staff. Wired Staff Gear Date of Publication: 07.22.16. 07.22.16 Time of Publication: 3:04 pm. 3:04 pm Gadget Lab Podcast: Modular Smartphones Are the Future Phones! They’re all the same, right? Just the opposite—according to some of the big Android handset makers, the future is in customization. Modular phones, swappable parts, ever-expanding capabilities. On this week’s show, David Pierce tells us why Motorola’s new modular smartphone, the Moto Z, might be the smartest bet the company has made in years. Also, David and Michael debate whether we’ll ever see a modular iPhone. (LOL nope.) Also this week, the smartwatch markets in decline, and Elon Musk’s vision for what our streets and freeways will look like in 10 years. Podcast https://www.podtrac.com/pts/redirect.mp3/https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/GadgetLab-7.22.2016-Final.mp3 RSS iTunes Download Some notes: David visited Motorola’s offices in Chicago, and he reviewed the new phone. Tesla news in Elon’s words, and analysis from WIRED’s Jack Stewart. The smartphone market survey comes from IDC. Mike has a cool Nixon surf watch. Send the hosts feedback on their personal Twitter feeds (David Pierce is @pierce, Joe “I’m Too Busy” Brown is @joemfbrown, and Michael Calore is @snackfight) or bling the main hotline at @GadgetLab. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Gadget Lab Podcasts moto z Motorola podcasts Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Gadget Lab Podcasts moto z Motorola podcasts Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs Security Wickedly Clever USB Stick Installs a Backdoor on Locked PCs 8 hours Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 1 day John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 2 days How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet Movies How Arrival’s Designers Crafted a Mesmerizing Alien Alphabet 5 hours Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 1 day The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed TV The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed 23 hours Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets books Apple’s New $300 Book Is as Slick as Its Gadgets 8 hours DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 21 hours More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Gear consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 21 hours Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 1 day product review Review: Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar 2 days product review Review: Plantronics BackBeat Pro 2 1 day Messaging WhatsApp Rolls Out Video Calling for a Billion-Plus Users 2 days Culture Podcast A Tribe Called Quest’s New Record Is Awesome. National Politics? Not So Much 50 mins We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 4 hours HeartMob connects targets of harassment with other well-intentioned Twitter users ready to stand up to Twitter eggs: bit.ly/2fFz7hZ Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Rumor: Google to showcase mesh networking router soon by Wayne Manion  4:49 PM on September 23, 2016 Android Police has published some speculation that Google will introduce a new Wi-Fi router under the name Google Wifi (sic) at the company's hardware launch event on October 4. The rumor mill suggests the new router will have the ability to team up with other identical units to form a mesh network, similar to eero and Luma Surround. Google's new router is said to offer AC1200 speeds, Bluetooth and 802.15.4 connectivity (the protocol underlying ZigBee and MiWi), and polished setup and operation. The company has stuck its toe into the wireless router market before with the OnHub devices manufactured by TP-Link and Asus. OnHub devices added IoT and home automation flair to the standard wireless router formula, but lacked the mesh features highlighted in today's rumors. Android Police speculates Google Wifi will be offered for $129. For the sake of comparison, a single eero mesh router costs $199, a pair rings in at $349, and a three-pack retails for $499. A second article at Android Police offers unsubstantiated claims about two other upcoming Google hardware releases. Google Home, an Amazon Echo competitor announced in May, is rumored to be priced at $129. Meanwhile, the Chromecast Ultra, alleged to be a 4K and HDR-capable Google Cast device, could be released at $69. That price is twice the cost of a Full HD-capable Chromecast. Tags: Internet Networking Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
null
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Twitter If Twitter is up for sale, what will potential suitors get for $15bn? With Salesforce and Google’s parent company Alphabet rumored to be possible buyers, an acquisition could bring fresh ideas on how to refine what it can offer Twitter has faced extra responsibility since going public in 2013. Photograph: Brendan Mcdermid/Reuters Geof Wheelwright in Seattle Friday 23 September 2016 17.48 EDT Last modified on Friday 23 September 2016 21.25 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 1 month old You could say it in less than 140 characters: Twitter may be for sale, according to the latest speculation on Wall Street reported by both Reuters and CNBC. Both Alphabet, which is Google’s parent company, and Salesforce were rumored to be possible suitors for Twitter, and the final sale price is likely to be around $22 per share, according to Morningstar analyst Ali Mogharabi – putting the value of the company close to $15.5bn. He also believes the victor is likely to be Google, which is a better strategic fit. “There’s value in the enormous data that Twitter has about its users, and their (online) behavior,” Mogharabi said. “The millions of users Twitter has is considered valuable – and given Google’s wider ecosystem, it can help drive return and user growth on to Twitter.” ‘Investors emphasise short-term thinking’ The real question is – what else will the buyer (whether that might end up being Google, or someone else) get for that $15bn? Only last year, Twitter had a major management shakeup that saw the departure of CEO Dick Costolo – who spoke with the Guardian on his last day in the job on 30 June 2015 and warned of the limitations of meeting the company’s broader strategic goals when investors are so focused on short-term, quarterly results. “You always want to keep focused on the long-term vision, yet when you go public you’re on a 90-day cadence and there’s a very public voting machine of the stock price that accelerates that short-term thinking,” he said at the time. Twitter shares surge amid rumors Google or Salesforce may place bids Read more Yet one year later, Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey was instated as CEO and doing his best to explain Twitter’s value to users. “We’re making the right decisions in our product and it gives us a foundation for future growth. We’re working every day to make Twitter faster, more intuitive and easier to use,” Dorsey said in a 26 July 2016 call with analysts. “You’ve already seen us take some big steps here, like the changes to the time line and the announced changes to the character count and reply rules. There’s more changes like these on the way.” Welcoming new users – and tackling harassment Dorsey has conceded the company still has work to do in helping users understand why they should even bother signing up – and, when they do, having the “onboarding” experience make more immediately useful to users. Twitter needs to take account of what its users need from it. “Continued growth also involves educating people about why to use Twitter: for the fastest way to see and share what’s happening and comment on it,” he said. “We’ve been applying a lot more machine learning and deep learning to our onboarding, so we can match people faster to their interest. And we believe that, that interest drive is really important to us and unique to us.” Balancing its much-vaunted principle of supporting global freedom of speech against the obligation to protect users from abuse and harassment has proved an extremely tricky task. “Abuse is not part of civil discourse. It shuts down conversation and prevents us from understanding each other. The freedom of expression means little if we allow voices to be silenced because of fear of harassment if they speak up,” Dorsey said. Facing complex challenges, Twitter should focus on its strengths Read more “No one deserves to be the target of abuse online and it has no place on Twitter. We haven’t been good enough at ensuring that’s the case, and we must do better. That means building new technology solutions, making sure our policies and enforcement are consistent and educating people about both.” ‘A lack of strategy and execution by the management’ Even with those challenges – and the extra responsibility Twitter faces as a public company – Mogharabi said he doesn’t think it was a mistake for the company to go public. He does suggest, however, that Twitter’s November 2013 IPO did seem to inject some kind of smugness into the ranks of Twitter senior management. “They seemed to be a bit too satisfied given where they were at when they went public,” he said. “From a management standpoint, they did not pursue other growth avenues or strategies. So I don‘t think it [the IPO] was a mistake. It was just lack of strategy and execution by management.” Acquisition could give Twitter a new lease of life, and some fresh ideas and perspective on how to refine what it can offer users and advertisers. But it’s premature, Mogharabi says,to judge co-founder Jack Dorsey’s work at the helm of Twitter has been a success. “Some of the steps he has taken are in the right direction,” he said. “Content is king – so the live streaming of sporting and news events and those guys pursuing such content is the right move. Whether that can lure more users – that remains to be seen.” More news Topics Twitter Silicon Valley Social media Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Twitter Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift shares AFP on September 24, 2016, 7:29 am Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift shares Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift shares - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr San Francisco (AFP) - Chatter about a sale of Twitter is intensifying amid sputtering efforts to transform the one-to-many messaging platform into a profitable business. Twitter shares soared 21.45 percent Friday to close at $22.62 on unconfirmed media reports of a potential sale, with Alphabet-owned Google and Salesforce named as possible suitors. The share price gave the San Francisco-based company a market value of $16.13 billion, still well below the $26 level when Twitter made its stock market debut in November 2013. The market action came after a report by CNBC television that Twitter's board was favoring a sale. The Wall Street Journal meanwhile reported that cloud computing group Salesforce was considering a deal, and the news site TechCrunch said Microsoft and Verizon may also be interested. The technology news site Recode said Twitter was seeking up to $30 billion, which could limit the number of bidders. Twitter did not respond to an AFP request for comment. But reports have been circulating for weeks that the popular messaging platform was opening its doors to potential buyers. "Twitter was positioning for sale for some time," technology industry analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group told AFP. "The problem is, since they are not profitable, finding someone to actually pay money for them." Google and Salesforce were considered prime suitors for Twitter. Microsoft and Verizon were also on the list of potential buyers. "Both Google and Salesforce could justify the purchase," analyst Enderle said. US telecommunications firm Verizon has been on a mission to be more than "a dumb pipe," buying AOL last year in a deal valued at $4.4 billion and now buying Yahoo for $4.8 billion. Google could benefit from Twitter's strength in online social networking, but would likely face regulatory challenges in an array of countries. Salesforce was seen as a leading contender for Twitter. "I simply love Twitter," Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Afshar tweeted on Friday. - Dot-com deja vu - Meanwhile RBC Capital Markets on Friday lowered its price target for Twitter shares to $14, saying that a survey indicated advertisers could be questioning the value of using the platform. Analysts have long maintained that Twitter needs to find new ways to boost its appeal beyond a core of celebrities, politicians and journalists, with its user base stagnant for the past year. In its last quarterly update, Twitter said the number of monthly active users edged up to 313 million, up three percent from a year ago and only slightly more than the 310 million in the prior quarter. Twitter has yet to post a profit, even as it has ramped up its efforts in advertising. "It was never designed for profit," analyst Enderle said. "This is kind of the quintessential dot-com scenario; Twitter went well down the path before thinking about how to make money, and therein lies the problem." In early September, reports swirled that Twitter's board was weighing ways to cut costs, ramp up revenue or maximize shareholder value by selling itself. Speculation that Twitter might be seeking a suitor escalated in August, after co-founder Ev Williams said during a Bloomberg TV interview that the company "had to consider the right options" when it came to whether it should remain an independent company. Twitter this week eased a 140-character limit on tweets, which was put in place due to mobile phone text messaging constraints when Twitter launched in 2006. Twitter also been striving to drive growth by streaming live video on its platform. Twitter drew more than two million people to its first broadcast of an NFL football game last week, part of a range of new sports content available through the network. Analysts remain cautious about Twitter's ability to break out of its rut and accelerate growth. It is far behind Facebook, which has an audience of over 1.7 billion, and Facebook-owned Instagram, with some 500 million. Last month, eMarketer said Twitter's share of US social network users will decline to 28.1 percent this year and will continue to drop through 2020, as it loses users to Snapchat, Instagram, and messaging apps. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift shares - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Slain mobster Pasquale Barbaro’s car may have been 'bugged' Enemies may have planted a tracking device in Pasquale Barbaro's car so hitmen could follow and kill him. New NSW Deputy Premier facing scandal on day one of the job Two-days after Nationals leader Troy Grant was forced to step down as deputy premier, his freshly appointed replacement is facing a scandal of his own. School bus aftermath: Bloodied students capture carnage on phones Kids smashed into seats and windows as vehicles crash at 80k/ph. Teen 'headlocked and dragged' by man during afternoon walk Haylee Dick walked along a Central Coast reserve on Tuesday evening when she suddenly felt a presence behind her. Meningococcal teen 'thought it was gastro' Friends of a South Australian man thought he was struck down by gastro when he developed diarrhoea and vomiting. Rose Tattoo member admits part in gun plot Former Rose Tattoo drummer Paul DeMarco has pleaded guilty to conspiring to supply guns following similar pleas from his co-accused. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Woman flashes entire train of people during spontaneous dance routine Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP WATCH: Young woman dances on Melbourne train, flashes undies to commuters Supermoon of the century OUR PICKS New NSW Deputy Premier facing scandal on day one of the job South Australian cop allowed to live at home following three-hour siege Schoolgirl kicked in face during brutal attack at skate park Marsh quits as Australia's chairman of selectors MOST VIEWED WATCH: First pizza delivered by drone! Woman flashes entire train of people during spontaneous dance routine Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Forget OnHub: Google’s sleek, compact… Forget OnHub: Google’s sleek, compact wireless AC router, Google Wifi, is now available for pre-order Google's compact wireless AC router, Google Wifi, is available for pre-order By Kevin Parrish — November 15, 2016 11:38 AM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends In October, Google announced a revision to the OnHub router, aptly titled Google Wifi. The new router is actually a system of routers, which use overlapping signals to provide you with better reception throughout your home. The Google Wifi router system is available for pre-order on the Google Store. During October’s event, Google’s Mario Queiroz introduced the new Wi-Fi system, detailing the impressive behind-the-scenes work the router (or routers) do to ensure you receive the best possible reception even as you move throughout your home. The Google Wifi system uses mesh networks to essentially bathe your home in a durable, powerful, Wi-Fi signal. In a news post on Tuesday, Google’s Sanjay Noronha elaborated on precisely how the Google Wifi system works. More: Goodbye, Google Cast! App gets rebranded as the more inclusive Google Home You can buy Google Wifi as just a single router for $129, or as part of a three-pack for $299. According to Google, when you set up the three-router system, your phone or mobile device will seamlessly transition between your various access points, using a background network-assist system which will transition you to the best Wi-Fi access point. It will even juggle you between Wi-Fi channels to make sure you’re not on one that’s too congested by other devices. Another feature introduced at the Google Event will allow parents or router administrators to control access to the routers via a companion app. As was demonstrated, you will be able to pause the internet connection of any device connected to your home router. For instance, a parent could pause their kids’ internet connections to compel them to come to dinner. Or you could pause your roommate’s Wi-Fi when they don’t pay their part of the internet bill — or the rent. Naturally, your home router already likely has this functionality but it is buried in the administrator settings and not quite as accessible as the Google Wifi companion app aims to be. The Google Wifi system is available for pre-order and will ship sometime in December. Just in time for the holidays and just the right size for stocking stuffers.
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Thu, Nov 17, 2016, 7:01 AM AEDT - Australia Markets open in 2 hrs 59 mins Intensified talks on Twitter sale lift sharesBy Glenn Chapman | AFP – Fri, Sep 23, 2016 9:29 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo The Twitter logo displayed on a banner outside the New York Stock Exchange Chatter about a sale of Twitter is intensifying amid sputtering efforts to transform the one-to-many messaging platform into a profitable business. Twitter shares soared 21.45 percent Friday to close at $22.62 on unconfirmed media reports of a potential sale, with Alphabet-owned Google and Salesforce named as possible suitors. The share price gave the San Francisco-based company a market value of $16.13 billion, still well below the $26 level when Twitter made its stock market debut in November 2013. The market action came after a report by CNBC television that Twitter's board was favoring a sale. The Wall Street Journal meanwhile reported that cloud computing group Salesforce was considering a deal, and the news site TechCrunch said Microsoft and Verizon may also be interested. The technology news site Recode said Twitter was seeking up to $30 billion, which could limit the number of bidders. Twitter did not respond to an AFP request for comment. But reports have been circulating for weeks that the popular messaging platform was opening its doors to potential buyers. "Twitter was positioning for sale for some time," technology industry analyst Rob Enderle of Enderle Group told AFP. "The problem is, since they are not profitable, finding someone to actually pay money for them." Google and Salesforce were considered prime suitors for Twitter. Microsoft and Verizon were also on the list of potential buyers. "Both Google and Salesforce could justify the purchase," analyst Enderle said. US telecommunications firm Verizon has been on a mission to be more than "a dumb pipe," buying AOL last year in a deal valued at $4.4 billion and now buying Yahoo for $4.8 billion. Google could benefit from Twitter's strength in online social networking, but would likely face regulatory challenges in an array of countries. Salesforce was seen as a leading contender for Twitter. "I simply love Twitter," Salesforce chief digital evangelist Vala Afshar tweeted on Friday. - Dot-com deja vu - Meanwhile RBC Capital Markets on Friday lowered its price target for Twitter shares to $14, saying that a survey indicated advertisers could be questioning the value of using the platform. Analysts have long maintained that Twitter needs to find new ways to boost its appeal beyond a core of celebrities, politicians and journalists, with its user base stagnant for the past year. In its last quarterly update, Twitter said the number of monthly active users edged up to 313 million, up three percent from a year ago and only slightly more than the 310 million in the prior quarter. Twitter has yet to post a profit, even as it has ramped up its efforts in advertising. "It was never designed for profit," analyst Enderle said. "This is kind of the quintessential dot-com scenario; Twitter went well down the path before thinking about how to make money, and therein lies the problem." In early September, reports swirled that Twitter's board was weighing ways to cut costs, ramp up revenue or maximize shareholder value by selling itself. Speculation that Twitter might be seeking a suitor escalated in August, after co-founder Ev Williams said during a Bloomberg TV interview that the company "had to consider the right options" when it came to whether it should remain an independent company. Twitter this week eased a 140-character limit on tweets, which was put in place due to mobile phone text messaging constraints when Twitter launched in 2006. Twitter also been striving to drive growth by streaming live video on its platform. Twitter drew more than two million people to its first broadcast of an NFL football game last week, part of a range of new sports content available through the network. Analysts remain cautious about Twitter's ability to break out of its rut and accelerate growth. It is far behind Facebook, which has an audience of over 1.7 billion, and Facebook-owned Instagram, with some 500 million. Last month, eMarketer said Twitter's share of US social network users will decline to 28.1 percent this year and will continue to drop through 2020, as it loses users to Snapchat, Instagram, and messaging apps. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » BBC World Service adds 11 languagesAAP The BBC World Service will begin broadcasting in 11 additional languages in a drive to reach millions more people, … Post boss says mail reform took too longAAP Spain ups growth forecast for 2016, 2017AFP House prices affect travel: Virgin CEOAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7479 -0.0074 -0.98% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.6011 -0.0054 -0.89% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7000 -0.004 -0.57% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Socceroos Currency Converter HMAS Darwin NZ Home loans Carrie Fisher Mortgage calculator Dwayne Johnson Budget Rent a Car WGEA pay gap Free iTunes download Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google intros App Preview Messaging feature for Google Play Services By R Padla - September 23, 2016 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google is working on something new that will allow you and me to connect with our friends easier through Android. There’s the idea of ‘App Preview Messaging’ that is now on preview mode, hoping to make connecting through mobile faster and more efficient. After launching the Duo video chat and Allo instant messaging, here’s the Internet giant rolling out a new feature that is expected to be more than helpful. App Preview Messaging is part of Google Play Services on Android. It lets you send an instant message to a contact from an app even if he doesn’t use the same app. This way, anyone can reach another contact even if you are using different apps. With this feature, there’s no way you can’t reach someone or receive a message from people. There’s no excuse now with App Preview Messaging. The feature is still being developed but the concept certainly has potential. For developers of messaging apps for Android, you can test out this feature by checking out the program. Feel free to access and test the feature so you can extend the reach of your app. We don’t know how this will work exactly but based on the illustration, a message may be sent and then received on another device by showing up in the notification shade. You can only read the message or a portion of it complete with the name of the sender, profile photo, and time. We’re guessing there will also be an indication for what kind of app was used to send the message. You will still need to use a specific app to open the message and respond if you need too. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline Google Play Services 8.4 SDK now released, more developer features Google Play Services 9.2 brings back Android Mobile Vision, adds new Text API Allo, Duo messaging apps might be set as default on Android Nougat TAGS Android Apps Google Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,398FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,304FollowersFollow 59,490SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Hey, Siri: You still have a lot of work to do USA TODAY 9/23/2016 Jefferson Graham Click to expand Replay Video Ford moving smaller car production to Mexico The Ford Motor Company is moving ahead with plans to shift production of small cars to Mexico from Michigan. Ford CEO Mark Fields says they will move their production of the Ford Focus to Mexico to create room for "two very important products" coming to the Michigan factories. Fields states that this will not affect on jobs in Michigan what so ever. President-elect Donald Trump has criticized Ford for the decision to shift production to Mexico, and said he would consider levying tariffs on Mexican-made Fords. Wochit Business Boeing to slash jobs, move others for efficiency The airplane maker announces moves to make the most of its resources and talent. CNBC Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? The answer is yes, but not by much. Kiplinger PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Hey, Siri: You still have a lot of work to do USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ford moving smaller car production to Mexico Wochit Business0:38 Boeing to slash jobs, move others for efficiency CNBC0:33 Will my Social Security check get bigger in 2017? Kiplinger1:12 Is China secretly spying on Android devices? Fox Business1:04 Automakers turn to action movies for inspiration The Wall Street Journal.0:55 Shipping industry hampered by Hanjin's debt Reuters1:36 Soon you can smoke weed at some Denver bars and restaurants Newsy0:47 Proposed passenger jet could reach supersonic speeds The Wall Street Journal.1:24 The story behind QWERTY CNN Money1:51 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 UP NEXT LOS ANGELES — Hey, Siri: if you can't find me an Indian restaurant just three miles from my office, what can you get right? With the IOS 10 mobile operating system upgrade, Apple has promised us that its five-year-old personal digital assistant Siri would be better than ever, and would expand beyond the core Apple apps to also work with third-party apps like LinkedIn, Uber and Pinterest.  Popular Searches Lowe's Companies Inc LOW ▼ 67.23 -1.82 -2.64% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 745.03 +1.79 +0.24% Cisco Systems Inc CSCO ▼ 31.58 -0.13 -0.39% Target Corp TGT ▲ 76.16 +4.72 +6.61% The results of my tests is that Siri is slightly improved, but only if you take the time to enunciate correctly and slowly, and teach the voice-activated assistant what you want. But that doesn't always work, as we found out when I tried, over and over again to find that nearby Indian restaurant — and Siri sent me instead to a place in San Jose, Calif., a brisk six-hour drive away. When I comparison shopped with Google's way superior "OK Google," voice assistant on a Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, Google got it right on the first try. After announcing the new Siri at Apple's Worldwide Developers Conference in June, Apple senior vice-president Craig Federighi said that using Siri would now be "the quickest path to getting something done....we want to make that possible." A lofty goal, but it's certainly not there yet.  On Apple's Siri webpage, the company touts many things Siri can do, so I decided to put it to the test, and tried each and every category. Here's a sampling: --Movie listings: "What movies are playing today," is the suggested query. When I asked, the results were a cross-section of A-listers ("Snowden" and "Sully") and others like "Bridget Jones's Baby" and "Mr. Church," along with a roster of six movie theaters within the general area of the USA TODAY Los Angeles offices. Then I tried to expand to showtimes at my local movie theater, asking for the showtimes for "Sully" at the Arclight Cinemas in El Segundo. "I don't see any movies matching "Sally," was Siri's response. I asked over and over again, but it just couldn't get Sully. (If interested, it's playing tonight at 7:15 and 9:50.) Score: C.  --Photos: Apple touts how Siri can now find specific photos of people and places in the iPhone Photos app. With over 100 photos of my friends Michelle and Jennifer, both of whom are clearly labeled in Apple Photos on the iPhone, I asked Siri to pull them up. It located Michelle, but not Jennifer.  I also asked Siri to find "my" photos of my hometown, Manhattan Beach. Siri picked up a few, but not key ones you'd expect, like pictures of the Pier, ocean waves and such, but instead photos taken in my home.  The key to photo requests is inserting the word "my." Without "my" Siri responds with the dreaded, "Here are some photos I found on the Web," which of course wasn't what I was looking for. Score: C. --Hail a car: "Hey Siri, get me an Uber."  Here I truly was saved from having to unlock the iPhone home screen, locate the app and click my location. Siri asked me what kind of car service I wanted. Several choices were offered, and when I dictated "Uber X," she got it, and offered to have a car to me in 2 minutes. The feature did what it was supposed to do. Score: A.  --Read your latest e-mail. I asked her to read my latest e-mail and Siri responded by reading it aloud. But what the assistant couldn't do is go further, to other recent "e-mails." Had I been driving, I would have wanted to hear all the new ones. For text messages Siri offered a wider selection. Score: B. --Work with apps. You can now dictate a message on LinkedIn and send money on Venmo . Both worked, but it took a while to train Siri. I had to repeat people's names several times, and Siri always got them wrong. When I finally opened the apps, highlighted their names and then tried again, it got it. And continued to get it, consistently. Score: B+. --Restaurants: The command follow this syntax:  "Find me a table for four in Chicago."  . When I tried it, using "Santa Monica," instead of Chicago, (my editors prefer I work local) it asked me for the time of the reservation, 7 p.m. I chose, and then it said none of the suggestions were taking reservations at this time. But Siri threw out a bunch of random restaurants to consider — Sushi, Mexican, American fare — which is fine, but that wasn't the idea. I wanted a reservation. When I tried to isolate the restaurant of my choice, and location, Siri said it was "afraid I can't book that right now," and suggested two other eateries. Maddening! Score: D.  With the new tools for Siri, Apple is competing with Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Amazon to provide state of the art voice search and assistant tools. Beyond the apps, Apple also has brought Siri to Macintosh computers, where it's now part of the MAC OS Sierra operating system upgrade. But, as my colleague Ed Baig points out, it's not faring much better there either.  Speaking of Ed, I asked Siri to call him, but Siri said I didn't have his contact information in the iPhone and thus couldn't make the call. Not true! I tried again, this time requesting "Ed....Baig" slowly instead of "EdBaig," and voila, the call went through.  So Siri, it's great when you finally get things right, but after five years of trying to assist us, really, you should be way more efficient by now. Google gets it right most of the time on Android phones, why can't you? App developers I've spoken with over the past months told me they believed that with their involvement, they would come up with new ways and fixes for Siri that Apple never dreamed of.  Let's hope they're right. Hey Siri, we'll check back in with you in a few months for a status update.  Follow USA TODAY's Jefferson Graham on Twitter, @jeffersongraham and listen to the daily #TalkingTech podcast on Stitcher and iTunes. Go to MSN Home More in Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Official: Trump didn't ask for top secret clearance for his kids USA TODAY Students lead new wave of anti-Trump protests USA TODAY Facebook employees form fake news task force USA TODAY What's Mike Pence hiding in his emails? USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 23 GOOG: 786.90 -0.31 Xiaomi’s Mi Box Android TV appears on the shelf at Walmart for $69 Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj Android Android TV Xiaomi Mi Box View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit It appears today is the day that all prices are leaking. Just after finding out about the Google WiFi and its $129 price, Google Home’s $129 price, and the $69 price of the 4K “Chromecast Ultra,” we now have our first clue of the price of Xiaomi’s previously-announced Mi Box Android TV. According to someone who spotted one of the shelf at Walmart, it will run for $69… The Mi Box features Android 6.0 Marshmallow, a quad-core ARM processor, 2GB of RAM, 8GB of expandable (via USB) storage, and an HDMI port which can output 4K video at 60FPS. The box will ship with a slim remote that includes a microphone for voice commands (a la Apple TV) and Xiaomi will also be selling a controller for gaming. Just a couple of weeks ago, a report suggested that the box would be coming at some point in October for a price less than $100. This $69 price tag is pretty believable, and a picture like this — with 3 Mi Box units just sitting on a shelf in their original packaging at Walmart — would be pretty difficult to fake. On this box, we learn that the Box comes with $76 in offers and a free HDMI cable. I’m about to head out to my local Walmart and see if I get lucky enough to nab one. @jasonhowell @androidshow @Ohthatflo @ronxo saw this Mi Box at Walmart today for $69. Was this released yet? pic.twitter.com/AsuNZeU5oJ — George Garrett (@garrettdotcom) September 23, 2016 Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Android TV View THe Guide Xiaomi Mi Box View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google’s cooking up ‘something sweet’ to commemorate Android’s eighth birthday Julian Chokkattu Digital TrendsSeptember 23, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share There are more devices running Gingerbread than Android 7.0 Nougat, Google's latest Android version. These monthly numbers highlight Google's biggest issue with Android: fragmentation.More Eight years ago on September 23, Google released Android 1.0. Today, the mobile operating system has more than 80 percent of the smartphone market around the world. Despite many issues, like a fragmented update process, increased anti-competitive scrutiny by European powers, and increased malware attacks, the operating system has grown remarkably within that short 8-year span. Related: Despite mixed reviews, Google Allo hits number one among top free apps on the Play Store While Friday marks the operating system’s birthday, the Android Twitter account says the company is “whipping up something sweet for a big day” on Saturday. The image in the tweet shows Bugdroid, Android’s green mascot, whisking some eggs next to ingredients including marshmallows, nougat, and Kit Kat bars. We’re whipping up something sweet for a big day tomorrow. #Android pic.twitter.com/I4idH0F4am — Android (@Android) September 23, 2016 If you’re unaware, the ingredients refer to versions of Android — 4.4 KitKat, 6.0 Marshmallow, and the more recent 7.0 Nougat. It’s likely we’ll see a commemorative announcement from the Android team Saturday to celebrate its eighth birthday. Still, it’s unclear why nothing was mentioned today, the anniversary of the release of Android 1.0 eight years ago. Related: Tired of Google Play? Check out these alternative Android app stores We’re not expecting any major announcements, considering Google is holding a major hardware event right around the corner on October 4. The company is expected to launch Google Home, Daydream VR, a Chromecast, and a Wi-Fi router. There has not been any news around Android Wear 2.0, which is still in beta and expected to launch this fall. Android, Inc. was founded in 2003, and Google bought the company in 2005. The first Android-powered handset, the HTC Dream, was released in 2008. Keep an eye out on Android’s Twitter account to see what the team has in store for us Saturday. Allo and Duo news: what we know about Google’s all-new communication apps Intriguing details emerge about Fuchsia OS, Google’s latest project Android Marshmallow’s adoption rate rises to 13.3 percent Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Tech CEO who vowed to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle forced to resign BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Forget Black Friday, Sam’s Club has a serious one-day sales event this Saturday BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google planning to release Wi-Fi router at October event, Home to cost $129: Report Google will push further into the home with several announcements at its October 4 event. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | September 23, 2016 -- 20:19 GMT (13:19 PDT) | Topic: Hardware Image: Google Home Google plans to release its own, self-branded wireless router dubbed "Google Wi-Fi" that will retail for $129, according to Android Police. Google I/O The new features in Android N Google plays social catch-up (again) Big bet: Machine learning, AI will be winning formula Google piles the pressure on Apple Google Home takes aim at Amazon Echo Inside Android Wear 2.0 Android Studio 2.2 goes preview The Google Wi-Fi router is expected to be released at Google's October 4 event, according to the blog, which has correctly pegged past Google releases. The router is said to be designed like a small, white Amazon Echo Dot, and you can reportedly expand it with multiple access points . Android Police further reports that Google's take on Amazon Echo called Google Home, which was announced at Google I/O in May, will cost $129. Home works as a voice-activated speaker capable of connecting to devices around the home (such as the Nest thermostat) and completing basic tasks like playing music or searching Google. A Chromecast Ultra with 4K capability will reportedly cost $69. We have reached out to Google for more information. Google's plan to release a wireless router could suggest a bigger home push from the search giant, as competitors like Amazon and Apple have gone further into the home. We will be covering Google's October 4 event for all the details. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Innovation Amazon Alexa and Logitech Harmony Hub: How to add voice control to your entertainment center Hardware What are the electronic gifts people want? Smartphones OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What are the key differences? Hardware HP Inc's tiny workstation is as tall as a cup of coffee but still packs a punch × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wall Street slumps on weak tech, energy shares By Afp Published: 16:54 EST, 23 September 2016 | Updated: 16:54 EST, 23 September 2016 e-mail Weakness in energy equities and technology giants Apple and Facebook pushed US stocks lower Friday, cutting into the gains of the prior two sessions. An exception was Twitter, which surged 21.4 percent following reports it is in talks with potential acquirers, including Google and Salesforce.com. The Dow Jones Industrial Average shed 0.7 percent to 18,261.45. Twitter shares soared after CNBC reported that the microblogging service is in talks with potential acquirers including Google and Salesforce.com ©Leon Neal (AFP/File) The broad-based S&P 500 declined 0.6 percent to 2,164.69, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 0.6 percent to 5,305.75. Google parent Alphabet ended unchanged, while Salesforce dropped 5.6 percent after both were reported to have shown interest in buying Twitter, which has struggled to build on the growth momentum of its early years. Apple fell 1.7 percent on speculation that iPhone sales have been disappointing, while Facebook lost 1.6 percent on concerns about its online advertising prospects after it acknowledged that it had previously counted cases of users watching for as few as three seconds. Oil-linked stocks retreated, with petroleum prices, as Halliburton shed 1.9 percent and ConocoPhillips declined 2.6 percent. Analysts said the market was due for a pullback after the Nasdaq finished at records the last two days following the Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates low. Michael James, managing director of Wedbush Securities, said the market is torn between the threat of weak third-quarter earnings and belief that the Fed's easy-money policies will propel stocks even higher. He predicted more volatility, saying "it depends which of those views takes hold on a daily basis." Dow member Procter & Gamble fell 1.4 percent following a report from Bloomberg News that said P&G brands in skin care and men's shaving were losing US market share to competitors. Yahoo sank 3.1 percent following the Thursday disclosure that hackers took data on at least 500 million users, one of the biggest thefts of personal data ever. Marriott International shed 1.9 percent after announcing it completed its $13.6 billion takeover of Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS TOWIE star Kate Wright  displays her cleavage racy skintight bodysuit... as fans go wild for her stunning slimmer physique 'I didn't have my teenage years': Priscilla Presley admits Elvis NEVER saw her make-up free... as viewers marvel at her appearance at 71 Scarlett Moffatt displays her fuller figure in a bright pink busty bikini on holiday in Spain before her stunning three stone weight loss  Shout out to HER ex! TOWIE's Chloe Lewis is 'texting Luke Pasqualino after steamy snog at lingerie bash'... weeks after Perrie Edwards split Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in a pout patterned sweater while on promo tour for Allied  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED The apple doesn't fall far from the tree! Doting father Dan Osborne is joined by son Teddy as they pose in matching shirts for new menswear campaign 'Do you know who I am?': Jess Woodley is the 'biggest Made In Chelsea diva' according to co-stars Sam Thompson and Stephanie Pratt 'I just wanted to detox': Kendall Jenner reveals on Ellen she quit Instagram for break from social media... but admits she'll be back Not selfie-assured Gigi Hadid 'urges "immature" Perrie Edwards to get over Zayn'... as 'scrapped Little Mix lyrics speak of "f**king some model chick"' 'He said yes!' Ricky Martin announces his engagement to Arab artist Jwan Yosef Proudly showed off his engagement band on US TV 'You're a chauvinistic pig!': Geri Horner blasts director who wanted The Spice Girls to reveal more cleavage in feisty behind-the-scenes throwback video Police 'searching for Charlie Sheen's children after barefoot Brooke Mueller takes them to a bar and gets into fight' Incident occurred in Utah  'I will NEVER get back with her': Jeremy McConnell furiously denies a reconciliation with heavily pregnant ex Stephanie Davis after her health scare The day Luke Skywalker caught us: Carrie Fisher reveals Mark Hamill saw her at Harrison Ford's apartment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Happy birthday my angel': Adriana Lima goes all out for her daughter Valentina's 7th birthday with unicorn themed party 'Anything he can do, we can do better!' Bikini-clad Stacey Solomon mounts shirtless Joe Swash's back as they recreate Larry Lamb's I'm A Celeb squat feat Michelle Dockery strips off for VERY raunchy scene with chiseled co-star Juan Diego Botto in Good Behaviour Not such a lady now... What sorcery is this? The magical transformation of J.K. Rowling as Harry Potter author defies her years Looks better in her fifties than ever before EXCLUSIVE: Million Dollar Listing star James Harris reveals he is a recovering alcoholic and how his hard partying LA lifestyle threatened his marriage  EXCLUSIVE 'She was a bully': Laura Whitmore 'bombarded Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice with abusive texts saying he was no good' amid fall-out  Ashley James flaunts her ample bust and envy-inducing abs in a scanty pink bikini as she soaks up the sun in Malta Making most of last day Nip/Tuck star Julian McMahon, 48, takes a dip with wife Kelly Paniagua at Australian beach as he rocks 70s style moustache for new film Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth posts a tender throwback shot of her pregnant figure as she gushes over their baby boy Freddie Reign Looking back Easy rider! Liev Schreiber leaves his bicycle at home to zip around New York's wet streets on his scooter He is frequently seen pedalling around the city Not a hair out of place! Kim Murray keeps her immaculately-coiffed blow-dry in check but can barely contain her excitement as Andy storms to victory Charlotte Riley transforms into the Duchess of Cambridge complete with fine jewels and sweeping fringe as she films royal drama King Charles III Frank Ocean reveals he purposely did not submit album for Grammy consideration... after Kanye West vowed to boycott Kanye can go now... Stephanie Pratt confirms The Hills WAS scripted as she reveals just how 'real' reality television actually is  It was all scripted after all  MackinGOSH! Millie wows in a skimpy emerald swimsuit as she shows off her perky bust and never-ending legs in another sultry snap from Mauritius David and Victoria Beckham enjoy a romantic date night out as they head to one of London's top luxury hotels  Quality time together Smouldering Irina Shayk boosts her cleavage with sexy bralet as she showcases supermodel figure in lingerie-clad selfie Perfect match! Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila Alves coordinate in stylish coats for NYC outing The couple which dresses together... Defiant Honey G looks in high spirits at X Factor rehearsals... as Piers Morgan labels controversial rapper 'grotesque and diabolical' We're engaged! The Goonies child star Corey Feldman proposes to Canadian girlfriend Courtney Anne because he's worried Trump might deport her 'I was racing against the clock': The Black Eyed Peas' Taboo speaks about his secret cancer battle for first time Candid revelation   'It's good to shock your body': Kourtney Kardashian says she does 100 SQUATS every day before showering Ready for a cool down 'Christmas IS coming up!' Carol Vorderman bravely prepares to devour TURKEY TESTICLES in nauseating I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Trial 'I'm trying to be a good husband': Darren Day insists his love rat days are behind him as he embraces life as a devoted family man  Famed for his flings EXCLUSIVE 'I could look like a stuffed sausage': New mum Kristina Rihanoff admits she's worried about getting her post-baby body into skimpy outfits Look how they've changed! Young Nicole Kidman, Kylie Minogue and Russell Crowe are unrecognisable in 'Before They Were Famous' footage Emily Ratajkowski shows off incredibly perky posterior in thong swimsuit before treating pals to cheeky topless dance during beach break 'He's a classy guy': Val Kilmer reveals Michael Douglas has apologised after making 'misinformed' claim that the star had throat cancer 'When was the last time you had a good stick?' Carol Vorderman, 55, and Joel Dommett, 30, share a flirty innuendo about 'a sturdy shaft' What will Harry say? Prince's girlfriend Meghan Markle stars as anarchist's lover in a VERY gritty gangster movie Gritty new role EXCLUSIVE: She's been very naughty this year... Ola Jordan is red hot in festive lingerie as Jolly Old St. James urges lovers to use SEX TOYS this Christmas 'What's meant to be will always find a way...' Vicky Pattison plants kiss on hunky former flame... leading to reconciliation rumours after he jets to Oz 'She'll never get back together with him': Kourtney Kardashian is 'over' Scott Disick... despite the pair recently enjoying a luxury getaway to Mexico 'A** parade': Kourtney Kardashian shares very revealing image of sister Khloe in a bathing suit... then posts an equally naughty snap of herself 'I have nightmares about it': Fiona Phillips grows tearful as she discusses her mother and father's fatal battle with Alzheimer's disease Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama - a web of murder, sex and lies TV at its best Sofia Vergara's lawyer brands ex Nick Loeb's pro-life stance on former couple's frozen embryos 'a bid to gain public exposure' Have hit back Is that you, Barbie? Iggy Azalea flaunts her surgically-enhanced chest by going BRALESS under an open blazer at the GQ Men of the Year Awards 'Thanks to all the great women who make us men truly what we': Chris Hemsworth shows his sensitive side as he receives GQ Man Of The Year 2016 So what really happened onboard Flight Brangelina? FAA audio reveals NO fight was reported - despite claims Brad 'lunged' at son Maddox An A-list date night: Kate Beckinsale cosies up to Pierce Brosnan as they film romantic new scenes for The Only Living Boy In New York What a duo! Move over Cookie! Rumer Willis glows in black and white at premiere as she lands role in the third season of Empire Just like her mum Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Bloomin' sexy! Karrueche Tran flaunts her toned tum in a cropped floral bardot top and matching maxi-skirt at art event What a petal 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a £43 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess TOWIE's Chloe Sims upstages cousin Frankie Essex at her DVD launch as she displays eye-popping cleavage in a daringly low-cut gown Stealing the limelight 'People asked if I was pregnant again': Giovanna Fletcher says she was body-shamed FIVE MONTHS after birth... and urges others be less judgemental April Love Geary, 21, posts more sizzling bikini snaps from Necker Island but remains tight-lipped over 'secret marriage' to Robin Thicke, 39 'I'm still still pinching myself': Britain's first transgender newsreader India Willoughby set to make her debut as Loose Women panellist 'It saved my life': Corrie's Sally Dynevor admits cancer storyline helped her own diagnosis and reveals excitement at Helen Flanagan's return Newly flame-haired Bella Thorne bares her abs after gym session with her 'twin' sister Dani Now that's a red hot new look 'Go eat your broccoli!': Piers Morgan cheekily teases Joe Wicks fans after quipping to the fitness guru that he hates vegetables Never one to hold back Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman gag as they battle through stomach-churning I'm A Celeb Big Bush Bake Off trial 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague Lottie Moss shows off her tanned and toned legs in a plunging pink playsuit as she makes early morning exit from London nightclub Legs be having you 'She cared about her career and never lost her femininity': Amal Clooney reveals her mother is her biggest role model at the Texas Conference For Women Cat Deeley puts on a leggy display in a thigh-grazing pair of shorts as she heads to a pampering session Certainly loving the LA lifestyle Dashing good looks! Hollywood hottie Scott Eastwood cuts a suave figure as he leads the arrivals at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards in Sydney Well-suited! Ian Thorpe takes to the red carpet with beau Ryan Channing at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards Red carpet romance Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  A bedroom far, far away 'Has anyone made David disappear yet?': Victoria Beckham begs David Blaine to make husband vanish in a puff of smoke on TV special That's magic Make-up free Jennifer Garner, 44, shows off youthful good looks and endless legs as she enjoys lunch with Alias co-star Victor Garber Looked lovely One Direction... to the bar! Dapper Niall Horan heads to The Nice Guy with a pretty female pal as he continues to enjoy LA life  Best night ever? Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Vampy in velvet! Emma Watson stuns in black dress for Museum Of Modern Art benefit in NYC honoring Tom Hanks Style sensation That's a bit tight! Ireland Baldwin puts on eye-popping display in a TINY bikini top for series of selfies What would dad Alec say? The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London No time to sleep! Britney Spears keeps fans awake as she releases new single Slumber Party at midnight    She's back! Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne opt for casual chic outfits while shopping together at Los Angeles flea market Grown very close in recent months Wildest Dreams! Taylor Swift tops Forbes richest celebs under 30 list with $170 million in ONE YEAR... more than double her nearest rival  She still on top No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere An early Christmas present! Christina Hendricks flaunts her formidable bust in tight dress at Bad Santa 2 premiere Sending the men mad Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Seeing red! Amy Adams and lookalike ginger Isla Fisher stock up for the holidays at Beverly Hills gifting suite Red-dy to party  Double date! Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson hang with longtime friends Steven Spielberg and Kate Capshaw at MOMA tribute to actor Power couples Fabulous at 47! Supermodel Christy Turlington looks elegant in black and diamonds at Tom Hanks MOMA tribute in NYC Always in fashion Poppy Delevingne puts on vibrant display of color as she attends MOMA Film Benefit in sleeveless patterned dress Bright young thing Is she fur real? Lady Gaga wears MASSIVE furry pelt as she pampers herself at Epione Salon in Beverly Hills Made an entrance Laughing out loud! Sarah Paulson has director David O. Russell in fits of giggles as they walk the red carpet for his Past Forward premiere  Girl time! Michelle Williams is attached at the hip with gal pal Busy Philipps...after talking about daughter Matilda's 'petting zoo' Out and about 'I remember feeling very insignificant': Emma Stone wows at La La Land premiere... as she reveals film depicts her worst audition experiences Demi Moore, 54, looks frozen in time as she shows off line-free complexion at screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Looked amazing Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Couples dressing! Kate Mara and boyfriend Jamie Bell are a chic pair in complementary looks at the premiere of Past Forward Prince's record label sues Jay-Z and Tidal for 'streaming all of the late singers music without permission'  Has been streaming since June Allison Williams strikes a flirty pose in floral patterned frock at special Los Angeles screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  'Due to the current climate': Alicia Keys switches from new single to political song Holy War on The Voice The 35-year-old singer got political 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Having a clear out Flower power! Michelle Monaghan clings to summer in pretty floral dress... as she attends her THIRD event in one night  Mellow yellow Alexa Chung flaunts her lithe legs in a quirky leather mini-dress as she attends MOMA film benefit in NYC Now that's one way to ruffle the arts crowd Tutu beautiful! Karlie Kloss stuns in ballerina-inspired black mini dress at Art Party in NYC Always a red carpet regular Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Telling you how to do it Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD 'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Home expected to cost $129, Chromecast Ultra to be priced at $69 Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | September 23, 2016 59 shares 43 15 0 0 0 0 0 1 0               Hot on the heels of a report that leaked the upcoming Google Wifi router, new details on other devices that’ll debut on October 4 have leaked. The Google Home assistant device will cost $129 when it’s announced on October 4, says Android Police. To compare, Amazon’s Echo is $179.99. The Echo is Google Home’s biggest competitor, with both devices letting you get answers to questions and access apps using your voice. While still unofficial, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see Google price Home lower than Amazon’s Echo. The Amazon Echo has been on the market for a while now and has gotten quite a bit of praise and several new features in the process. If Google wants Home to succeed, it’s got to take the fight to the Echo, and giving the Home a price that’s $50 less than the Echo is one way to do that. Meanwhile, Google’s upcoming Chromecast Ultra is expected to be priced at $69. Google’s current Chromecast costs $35, so the Chromecast Ultra would be just about twice the price of the standard Chromecast. The marquee feature of the Chromecast Ultra will reportedly be 4K support. The good news for folks that don’t have a 4K television, though, is that Google is expected to continue offering the $35 Chromecast alongside this Chromecast Ultra. The Google Home and Chromecast Ultra are expected to debut on October 4, along with Google’s new Pixel phones and a Google Wifi router. Google has confirmed an announcement for October 4, but hasn’t said what will be revealed on that date. Source:  Android Police Android Rumors and Leaks Google Previous ArticleSnapchat Spectacles leak shows sunglasses with built-in camera Next ArticleSprint may have ended leasing program for new Android phones Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts While imperfect, today's upgrade methods are still an improvement to what they used to be Snapchat Spectacles leak shows sunglasses with built-in camera Xiaomi Mi Box appears at Walmart store with $69 price tag Swift Playgrounds: Not just for kids View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 1 day ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 5 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 21 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 21 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
null
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   Quinn: Salesforce’s mission of love as it possibly pursues buying Twitter By Michelle Quinn / September 23, 2016 at 12:13 PM It is hard to find a way that Salesforce buying Twitter makes sense except love. Love of Twitter, for its real-time platform, its 24/7 river of opinions and news, its 10-year history of being the place many go to talk when something happens in their cities or in the world. That love is likely combined with fear that the company, even under CEO and co-founder Jack Dorsey, who took over Twitter in 2015, really can’t figure out a way to be an independent firm over the long term. It has struggled to grow its user base even as Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat have mushroomed in size. Advertisers have been leaving, as CNBC reported. Executives have been running for the exits. And it has been besieged with how to handle harassment on its platform, as reported many times. Even with its smart moves such as live-streaming events, such as NFL games and the three upcoming presidential debates, Twitter still has a mountain to climb in terms of gaining meaningful viewers to compete with the likes of network TV and cable. Rumors that Twitter may entertain bids from Salesforce, Alphabet, the parent company of Google, and other potential buyers sent shares of the firm up more than 20 percent on Friday, as Rex Crum wrote. While Google’s interest makes sense — it has struggled to find a foothold in social media — Salesforce, the business-to-business cloud solutions provider, doesn’t as much. The company, led by Marc Benioff, appears to want a social network, having lost a bid for LinkedIn earlier this year to Microsoft. But Twitter? Mark Mahaney, the RBC analyst, said on CNBC that for Salesforce, LinkedIn “was the asset that would have really have been useful to them.” “Twitter is less useful,” he added. Ouch. TechCrunch speculates that Salesforce could use Twitter to expand into new businesses by tapping into the stream of real-time data that Twitter produces. Maybe, but a more likely rationale is that Benioff wants to buy Twitter because, because…. Love of course. Benioff has issued nearly 13,000 tweets and has 275,000 followers. He uses Twitter like his own personal public access channel to promote Salesforce, of course, but also to chime in on news of the day or take elected officials to task. Vala Afshar, Salesforce’s chief digital evangelist, outlined that love in a tweet Friday: Why @twitter? 1 personal learning network 2 the best realtime, context rich news 3 democratize intelligence 4 great place to promote others — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 He followed that up a few hours later, walking back the timing of his earlier tweet: I have tweeted my personal views regarding ‘Why Twitter?’ numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter. — Vala Afshar (@ValaAfshar) September 23, 2016 Twitter has tried to be an independent public company. It’s tired. Sure, if Twitter becomes part of a larger firm, whether it is Google or Salesforce, it will lose some of its renegade, bumpier characteristics. But Twitter needs to survive, and in good hands. Its fate matters, more than Yahoo or LinkedIn and more than many other Internet companies. Twitter is, as Afshar says, a way to “democratize intelligence.” Salesforce’s shares are down more than 5 percent Friday after media reports reported the Twitter rumors. Maybe Salesforce shareholders are also struggling with the rationale for such an acquisition, however exciting it may be. Benioff will have to figure out how to translate his love into something that Salesforce shareholders will understand. Above: Outside Twitter’s headquarters in San Francisco. (John Green/Bay Area News Group) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Google, Jack Dorsey, marc benioff, Microsoft, Salesforce, twitter, Verizon   More Posts in News Facebook discovers more miscalculated ad metrics November 16, 2016   Google’s close ally picked for President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team: report November 15, 2016   Quinn: Let’s get real about the fake news problem at Facebook, Google November 15, 2016       Share this Post Tweet       ttt Why are there still so many naysayers about Twitter even after today’s big news? I guess that just proves that those so-called experts are in fact dumber than you and I. Lafayette Escadrill Experts don’t contribute to anything, they just BS.     About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Google’s close ally picked for President-elect Donald… Is activist investor Starboard looking to run at Hewlett… Weeping guitars: Prince’s estate sues Jay Z’s… Quinn: Let’s get real about the fake news problem at… Tech industry sends Donald Trump a wish list     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close SyrupCast 88: Recall blues Apple Watch Series 2 review: The best wearable just got better Google reportedly set to debut $129 USD home Wi-Fi router on October 4 Rose Behar September 23, 2016 4:13pm Google is set to debut its own Wi-Fi router on October 4th, according to Android Police. The publication states that two independent sources have said the router will be called Google Wi-Fi and will cost $129 USD. One source in particular noted that the router would debut alongside the tech giant’s new Pixel and Pixel XL devices, Google Home and the 4K ‘Chromecast Ultra.’ The router will reportedly have “smart” features, perhaps along the lines of Google’s OnHub router, co-developed with TP Link, which became available in Canada on August 31st at Best Buy for $269 CAD. OnHub brought with it the ability to troubleshoot via smartphone app and the promise of continuous channel optimization. In appearance, it might look something like a white Amazon Echo Dot, which measures in at 32 mm x 84 mm x 84 mm. One of Android Police‘s sources also states that two or more Google Wi-Fi access points can be joined together to create a larger network — though it isn’t clear whether this is a launch feature, or something that may come at some point in the future. Related: Google to rollout Wi-Fi Assistant feature to all Nexus devices in Canada SourceAndroid Police rick So let me guess. Dns is hard coded to Google Dns and it logs all your Web traffic destination or activity. Yes no thanks. Combined with the fact the providers seem to want to force their crappie routers on you or pay for the highest package to get them to put it in bridge mode. I am liking Google and it’s information tracking less and less David Foggia Everything you do is tracked by everything you interact with. Nobody cares about your life at all…at least in terms of the NSA rick Really. No one cares. Is that why Google is rich…….because no one cares about the meta data they capture from people using their services. Who said ANYTHING about NSA. Two completely different things. Go bark at someone about encrypting iphones and leave me alone. David Foggia Ok Rick. I apologize deusfaux what? this must be an internet first. you’re supposed to say something about his mother Stephie Mumble mumble I’m sure she’s a lovely woman. It’s Me People forget that Google got caught sniffing wifi networks and then collecting and storing the intercepted data through their google maps cars. Google claimed that there were accidentally intercepting payload data. And then collecting it. And then storing it. By your description, it seems like a perfect way to get around restrictions placed on their war driving activities. And get people to pay them for it to boot. hardy83 Especially knowing that if you install this, you’ll more than likely have to agree to a dozen+ page EULA in legalese that they know people won’t read or understand that lets them collect it all and brush their hands of any responsibility. Lexcyn Well since OnHub was such a disappointment (still no IPv6 or working USB ports), why should we trust Google with another product they can just basically stop developing for? fred Why would you need ipv6 over USB? Kent Ratke Just going to put this out there. I like my onhub…a lot. Vito R. Rose, the TP Link OnHub came out LAST year… Kent Ratke Yeah, I can confirm I bought mine in Vancouver like last summer. ConcertMaster What’s the point? There are so many routers out there and fundamentally there sounds like nothing special about this offering. There is only so much I’ll trust Google with anyways and routers isn’t one of them. johny love my on hub.. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Business First Look Who will buy Twitter? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Why are these toys considered the '10 worst' for 2016? Clinton leads popular vote, but Trump says he could have won it if he tried Trump ditches press for dinner: could that say anything about his presidency? How to watch the Leonid meteor shower tonight The struggling social media site is reportedly in talks with several suitors, including Google's parent company Alphabet and Salesforce. By Lonnie Shekhtman, Staff writer September 23, 2016 Save for later Saved The Twitter logo and trading information is displayed just after the opening bell on a screen on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, Sept. 23, 2016. Brendan McDermid/Reuters View Caption About video ads View Caption of Twitter is reportedly in talks with several companies that are interested in buying the social media site. Among the suitors, reports CNBC, citing anonymous sources, are Google’s parent company Alphabet and Salesforce, which builds software that helps businesses manage information about their customers. Other companies rumored to be interested in buying Twitter include Verizon, AT&T, Chernin Group, and Microsoft, according to The New York Post. None of the companies involved have confirmed the rumors. The prospect of a sale to technology analysts and observers seems likely, given that Twitter, which began trading publicly in 2013, has been struggling to grow users and revenue. Professional networking site LinkedIn was in a similar situation when Microsoft announced in June that it would buy the beleaguered company for $26.2 billion. Recommended: Are you savvy about social networks? Take our quiz to find out. Twitter has added 9 million monthly users, 1 million of those in the United States, since co-founder Jack Dorsey was brought back in July 2015 as chief executive to save the nearly decade-old company, reports The Wall Street Journal. Facebook, in contrast, grew its monthly users in the same time-frame by 164 million. Test your knowledge Are you savvy about social networks? Take our quiz to find out. Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/16 Rumors of sales talks led to the largest one-day jump in Twitter’s stock value since its first day of trading in 2013. Shares jumped 20 percent to $22.46 per share on Friday. Before that, the stock had fallen 30 percent over the past year, as the Journal reports. An acquisition by Google would make sense, since the search giant has been trying unsuccessfully to gain more share of the social media market. “Twitter potentially  would hold a lot of promise for a company like Google both to expand its advertising business on desktop and mobile, tapping into a stream of consumers of social media who are slowly being lured away from Google by another huge social media platform, Facebook,” writes technology news site TechCrunch. Salesforce’s interest makes less sense on its face. But as TechCrunch suggests, perhaps one of the big attractions for the software maker is the real-time data from Twitter’s 313 million monthly active users. Salesforce is already known as a huge acquirer of companies, and, according to the Journal, has been interested in expanding into new areas of business. In fact, Salesforce tried to buy LinkedIn, but was outbid by Microsoft. Next up Test your knowledge Are you savvy about social networks? Take our quiz to find out. Will Twitter, Facebook bring new viewers by livestreaming debates? First Look How LinkedIn wants to do more than just promote your resume Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 For students, protests are about more than just Trump A post-election surge in hate crimes – and in kindness The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy Powered by wood: Why can't renewable jet fuels take off? What Steve Bannon's White House appointment means to the alt-right Popular Now Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? First Look Why are Greeks protesting President Obama's visit? First Look Racist Facebook post about Michelle Obama spawns online firestorm First Look Life brewing in Martian 'ice cauldrons'? Maybe, say scientists. For students, protests are about more than just Trump   Who owns Gatorade: Coke or Pepsi? Take our 'parent company' quiz!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/16 Latest News First Look Why are these toys considered the '10 worst' for 2016? Doing Good How one of Gen. George Patton’s grandsons helps vets with PTSD Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Google Drive Search Gets a Natural Language Boost, More News By David Roe | Sep 23, 2016 CHANNEL: Document Management Google is bringing the powerful natural language processing (NLP) technology that underlies its search engine to Google Drive. In a blog post announcing the move this week, Josh Smith, product manager at Google Drive, described NLP as a fancy way of saying “search like you talk.” It means that users can type things like “find the Twitter analytics spreadsheet” or “where is my conference presentation” and Drive will suggest search results related to those queries, even if the name does not match. The search employs machine learning to produce more accurate results as time passes.  “Drive NLP will get better with each query — so keep on searching,” Smith wrote. More Improvements to Drive Search The "smarter" searching wasn't the only improvement the Mountain View, Calif.-based company made to the search experience in Google Drive.  The search bar now suggests corrections to misspelled terms, much in the same way the traditional Google search experience does. Part of the announcements included improvements specific to Google Docs, giving users the ability to split documents into multiple columns — think publishing here — as well as the ability to save documents in their original formats. The updated features are available now, though the company is doing a gradual rollout.  Adobe Sign Improves Salesforce Signing Without e-signatures, the process of digitally moving documents from capture to signing the final contract hits a brick wall.   While Salesforce users have had San Jose, Calif.-based Adobe Sign (formerly known as EchoSign) on desktop for a few years now, an upgrade this week makes the process possible from mobile devices as well. This latest upgrade incorporates features from the Salesforce Lightning platform to provide end users and admins a new — and the companies claim, improved — user experience.  The Lightning components will give admins new tools Adobe Sign set up, as well as advanced workflows for San Francisco-based Salesforce users — no coding required. Page admins can build pages as they see fit, using the Adobe Sign Send and Agreement components and an Adobe Sign agreement list. Finally, a new features tool kit gives agreement senders more options when complex workflows are required.  Adobe promise further details will be revealed during its presentation at — where else — Dreamforce. AeroFS Connects To Office Online Enterprise collaboration vendor AeroFS, announced new document creation and editing capabilities for its Amium content-centric collaboration product that provides access to Microsoft Office Online features and version history. The integration is a result of Palo Alto, Calif.-based AeroFS’s participation in the Microsoft Cloud Storage Partner Program. With it, Amium users can create, open, view and edit Word, PowerPoint and Excel documents within Amium — including real-time co-authoring for collaborating on documents. The Amium solution turns any file into a real-time activity feed and conversation. The cloud-based solution unifies file sync and sharing, team messaging and associated collaboration activities in a single view. Editing is a core part of Amium’s Office Online integration, and can be accessed with a single click in any Word, PowerPoint or Excel document. With real-time co-authoring, several people can work in the same document simultaneously and see each other’s updates as they are made. Amium also includes integrations with HelloSign, Stripe, GitHub, PagerDuty, Atlassian's Jira and others. Lexmark Improves Mobile Capture Finally, Lexington, Ky.-based Lexmark made some major enhancements to its Kofax Mobile Capture Platform this week. According to Lexmark, these enhancements give organizations further tools to "create dynamic mobile apps that streamline information-intensive customer interactions and extend self-service capabilities to provide a better customer experience." Customers can now embed mobile capture capabilities within their own mobile capture apps with what the company promises will add little friction to the customer experience. Lexmark's server-based optical character recognition technology helps power these interactions. Also included in the release is the Kofax Mobile Credit and Debit Card Framework — which gives Kofax customers a new method of collecting payment by taking a snapshot of the payment card on mobile device.  The release comes with analytics and interactive dashboards which provide insight into mobile app usage and engagement levels. “Mobile is the preferred and primary channel of engagement for today’s customers. This mindset comes with high expectations for easy to use and frictionless experiences,” Reynolds C. Bish, president of Lexmark Enterprise Software said in a statement.  0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers Hubspot Unveils GrowthBot, a Chatbot for Sales & Marketing Digital Customer Experience Is a Business Priority, CMSWire Survey Says Turn Off Your Printer: It's Almost World Paper Free Day Google Adds Slack Integration to G Suite, More News Dropbox Paper Enhances Collaboration, More Document News Adobe Updates Acrobat DC to Improve Document Editing, Signing Google Drive Search Gets a Natural Language Boost, More News Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags aerofs, digital workplace, eim, document management, document management roll-up, google, google drive, lexmark, kofax, adobe, salesforce, salesforce lightning   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Nov 14 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2016 Nov 22 CMSWire Tweet Jam: The Productivity Paradox #SocBizChat Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management Dec 1 [Igloo Webinar] Don't get left behind: Create a unified digital workplace before it's too late Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Tableau Shifts from Visual Analytics to 'Complete Data Play' view comments Think of Microsoft’s New Outlook Customer Manager as Salesforce Light view comments Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments Hubspot Unveils GrowthBot, a Chatbot for Sales & Marketing view comments Digital Customer Experience Is a Business Priority, CMSWire Survey Says view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Home The new Google Home speaker will reportedly cost $50 less than the Amazon Echo New, 42 comments by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Sep 23, 2016, 4:12pm EDT share tweet Linkedin We figured Google was going to show off its Amazon Echo competitor, Google Home, at its event next month, but up until now, we had no idea on pricing. A report from Android Police today now suggests that the Home will cost $129 when it's released. That’s $50 less than the Echo. We have yet to see how well the Home works, but we do know that while it was built to be used across rooms and to answer questions using Search, Google hasn’t yet opened up its API, so it might not be compatible with as many devices as the Echo. Hopefully the OnHub router isn’t the norm for finding partner companies. We’re also thinking Google will introduce a new router that’s similar to Eero at its event, as well as its new Pixel phones and a Chromecast Ultra that streams in 4K. That new Chromecast is expected to cost $69. A look at Google Home Source: Android Police Next Up In Circuit Breaker Electric Objects’ new EO2 display put cool internet art in my sad bedroom What are Snapchat Spectacles, and do I have to be a teen to wear them? OnePlus' Bullets earphones are criminally underpriced You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The best drone you can buy DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone This Article has a component height of 6. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Gaming Culture Square Enix wants to turn cult classic Nier into something much bigger by Andrew Webster There’s a good chance you haven’t heard of Nier, an action role-playing game released in 2010. Despite coming from Square Enix — the company behind genre mainstays like Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest — the game didn’t sell particularly well, and... New, 0 comments Science US & World Environment China to Trump: Why are you blaming us for climate change? by Alessandra Potenza@ale_potenza In 2012, Donald Trump tweeted that climate change was a concept invented by China to make US businesses less competitive. Four years later, Trump was elected president of the United States — and so China decided to address the preposterous claim,... New, 5 comments Gaming Entertainment Culture Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC by Chris Plante@plante I have sunk a couple thousand dollars into a top-of-the-line gaming PC. After a week with the PS4 Pro, I’m beginning to regret it. PC gaming has secured a monopoly on high-end visuals by catering to a subset of gamers willing to spend limitless... Entertainment TV Culture Full Frontal with Samantha Bee was just renewed through 2017 by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, The Daily Show alum’s acclaimed news comedy series on TBS, has been renewed through 2017. Variety reports that the weekly show, which regularly skewers politics and current events with a feminist bent, was picked up... US & World Tech Facebook The author of The Filter Bubble on how fake news is eroding trust in journalism by Casey Newton@CaseyNewton In the aftermath of a US presidential election that seemed to shock at least half the country, many Americans are asking themselves how they missed the popularity of Donald Trump. One answer is a concept known as the filter bubble: the idea that... Watch This Entertainment Film Watch Lost Boy, a gorgeous and gritty cyberpunk short film by Andrew Webster If you’re a fan of artist and designer Ash Thorp, there’s a good chance you’ve heard him talk about “Lost Boy,” a personal project that looked to blend together elements of Akira and Mad Max into some kind of new sci-fi universe. Well, now that... New, 0 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google Pixel launch: What happened and can I watch it again? Elyse Betters4 October 2016Phones Google Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google's "Made by Google" event received a lot of hype and anticipation as it promised more than just a new product launch. It was in fact Google's chance to rebrand and reposition itself a serious contender in the consumer electronics space and to show it can compete on hardware as well as software. We expected to see a couple of new Pixel smartphones to replace the outgoing Nexus brand, more information on the company's Daydream virtual reality headset, a new Chromecast streaming dongle, Google Home wireless speaker with the Google Assistant built in, and Google's answer to the Amazon Echo and Google Wi-Fi.  Suffice to say, we got all that, and there was a lot to take in. Fortunately for you, we've rounded up everything that was announced on this page, but if you want to watch the keynote speech again for yourself, you can do. What is "Made by Google" about? Google advertised its 4 October event under the tagline "Made by Google". It's to show that Google is ditching the Nexus brand for its flagship smartphones and that it wants to place greater emphasis on hardware. Up until now, Google has sourced third-party manufacturers to make most of its products, for it to then install its software. What Google now wants to do is have more of an input into the hardware itself so it can fully optimise it to work with its software.  Where can I watch the Made by Google event livestream? The livestream started at 5pm UK time and finished at around 6.30pm. If you want to watch it all again to see Google representatives show how to use all the products and software announced, you can do so on YouTube or by clicking play on the video below. Google has also launched a new website specifically for the event. What did Google launch at the Made by Google event? Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones Bell Google unsurprisingly launched two new smartphones at the event: the Pixel and Pixel XL. The two phones were subject to numerous leaks in the days, weeks and months leading up to the event, so we already had a good idea of what to expect. Needless to say, both Pixel smartphones look incredible and we can't wait to get them in for review. The Pixel is the smaller of the two smartphones, with a 5in full HD AMOLED display with 441ppi (pixels per inch), while the Pixel XL gets a 5.5in 2560x1440 Quad HD display with 534ppi. Both screens are protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4 and both get treated to full metal bodies with a glass panel covering the top third of the rear. This glass panel is where you'll find a fingerprint scanner. Both phones come with a 12-megapixel rear camera with f/2.0 aperture and 4K video support and an 8MP snapper on the front. They'll both be available in three colours: Quite Black, Very Silver and Really Blue. The Pixel has a starting price of £599 while the Pixel XL will be more expensive, starting at £719. Both will be released on October 20. Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Everything you need to know Google Daydream Google As well as outline its Daydream virtual reality platform in more detail than before, Google unveiled its own VR headset due for release in November. Google Daydream View is a similar device to other mobile headsets in that it houses a phone, but will only work with Daydream-ready handsets. At present that's just the Pixel and Pixel XL. It also differs from peers in that it is covered in material, not just plastic, for a more comfortable, less geeky feel. Whether that comes across is debateable as, from where we're standing, it looks a bit like a pair of socks, but at least it is different. The headset and dedicated remote control will retail for £69 in the UK, $79 in the US when they are available next month. The Daydream platform will also be adopted by other manufacturers when they introduce compatible handsets, so you will be able to find VR content more easily than before. Apps and videos will be available through a one-stop, dedicated hub. What is Google Daydream and when is it coming? 4K Chromecast Ultra VentureBeat With 4K video hitting the headlines it made sense for Google to jump on the bandwagon with a 4K Ultra HD-ready version of its Chromecast streaming dongle. What's more, it announced that there will be movies on its Google Play store that are in 4K to view on it. The Chromecast Ultra, which looks like the current Chromecast 2, will also stream UHD content with HDR and even Dolby Vision picture tech if needed. And other content providers' 4K videos will be compatible too. It'll be available from November in the States for $69. Current thinking is that it'll cost £69 in the UK, but might be a little lower. Google 4K Chromecast Ultra: Everything you need to know Google Home Google Google announced an Amazon Echo-like device called Google Home in May, and then at its Made by Google event, it announced when you would be able to get your hands on the speaker. Google Home is a Wi-Fi enabled, voice-activated speaker that works as a smarthome control centre and an assistant for the whole family. You can use it to play entertainment throughout your entire house, manage every-day tasks, and ask Google what you want to know. Google Home also acts as a Chromecast Audio receiver. The device itself has interchangeable bases available in various colours and finishes. Underneath that swappable shell there is a speaker that can playback songs and allow Google Assistant to talk to you. The speaker features dual side-facing passive radiators, which deliver full range, clear highs, and rich bass. At the top of the device there is a capacitive touch display with four LEDs. You'll use this interact with Home, like trigger the Assistant, adjust volume, etc. As for buttons, there are none at the top (just dual mics that listen for your voice). There is a single mute button on the shell. Google Home is able to filter and separate speech from noise and offers "best-in-class voice recognition", according to Google. A big part of Google Home is going to be Google Assistant that powers it. Like Amazon's Echo, it's going to offer a full range of services all powered by your voice and connected into a range of other services and devices. At launch, Google Home works with Nest, SmartThings, Philips Hue, IFTTT, YouTube Music, Spotify, Pandora, Google Play Music, TuneIn, and iHeart Radio. Google Home is now available for pre-order in the US for $129. It will be in stores on 4 November. It's coming soon to the UK, Google told Pocket-lint, but it's not yet available to pre-order in the country. What is Google Home, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Google Wi-Fi Google Google has announced a new Wi-Fi router at its Made by Google event. Last year, Google introduced the OnHub router with TP-Link and Asus, but this year, Google has made its own device called Google Wi-Fi. Each base station looks like a Scandinavian-style, double-stacked hockey puck that Google described as a "visually subtle" disk. You can buy multiple routers to form a mesh network. You basically put several of these disks around your home to boost your network, allowing you to get Wi-Fi signal everywhere, from your bathroom to your basement. Think of Google Wi-Fi as an expandable system for better coverage. Instead of one router, multiple routers work together to deliver fast input to throughout your home, Google said. It's basically a modular system. Google Wi-Fi has a feature called Network Assist that allows it to actively manage and optimise your network behind the scenes so you don't have to adjust settings. Google Wi-Fi handles networking automatically, picking channels, etc, and it keeps the signal strong in every corner of your house by transitioning your device to the best router for less congestion and better speed. Google Wi-Fi will be available for pre-order in November in the US. It costs $129 for one base station or $299 for three and should ship in December. It won't be coming to the UK for now, but Google said it “hopes to make it available in the future". Google Wi-Fi router announced, pre-orders start in November Google Andromeda Android Police The Wall Street Journal reported last year that Google is attempting to fold Chrome OS into Android. Engineers at Google have reportedly been trying to combine the two systems over the past three years, with the goal of unveiling a single, unified operating system by 2017. Google 'Pixel 3' laptop running Andromeda OS planned for 2017 For instance, more recently, Android Police claimed Google will release a Bison/Pixel 3 convertible laptop in Q3 2017, while 9to5Google said a Nexus-branded, 7-inch tablet made by Huawei will arrive by the end of 2016. Both these devices will run a new OS called Andromeda, which is thought to be the name of Google's hybrid Android/Chrome OS. What is Google Andromeda? We expected to hear more about Andromeda at Google's event but sadly this wasn't the case. If rumours about devices running the new OS are true, we could see a separate event later in the year. Want to know more? Related news is available through Pocket-lint's Google hub. Sections Google Android Phones Smarthome OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus: What's the story so far? Want the OnePlus 3T? You'll have to go to O2 Popular In Phones On Pocket-lint OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? OnePlus 3T: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Apple iPhone 8 and iPhone 8 Plus: What's the story so far? Want the OnePlus 3T? You'll have to go to O2 Apple iPhone 8 might include two 5.5-inch models with dual cameras OnePlus 3T launch event: What happened and can you still watch it? OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Watch Dogs 2 contains sexually explicit full frontal nudity, Ubisoft promises patch When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch will get Mario game from day one, Skyrim and Splatoon too Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← [Video] Google Allo vs. Google Hangouts Google AI’s photo recognition achieves 94 percent accuracy → Exclusive: Google Home will cost $129, Chromecast Ultra will cost $69 Sep 24 Posted by ishubhamsingh Speaking to Android Police, two sources claim that Google will announce its Google Home and the 4K ‘Chromecast Ultra’ devices will be priced at $129 and $69, respectively, at its October 4th event. Google Home was announced at Google I/O in May. Our sources also confirmed that the personalized base covers Google showed at I/O will be a feature of the final device. The $129 price point for Google Home matches that of the previously-unrumored Google Wifi, a router that will allegedly be able to create a single, large wireless network using multiple access points. Read More Exclusive: Google Home will cost $129, Chromecast Ultra will cost $69 was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2czikxr via Blogger http://ift.tt/2d6HG6U Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on September 24, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← [Video] Google Allo vs. Google Hangouts Google AI’s photo recognition achieves 94 percent accuracy → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (609) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (185) IFTTT (192) TalkAndroid (723) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,106) Android Authority (3,130) Games (3,566) Phones (3,566) apps (3,567) tablets (3,569) android (9,386) Recent Posts Google Allo updated with Smart Smiley emoji suggestions and chat themes November 17, 2016 T-Mobile introduces “Magenta Friday” – Deals on phones and accessories November 17, 2016 T-Mobile announces Black (and magenta) Friday deals including free lines, a free Galaxy S7, and accessory sales November 17, 2016 Steam multiplayer favorite Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes comes to Daydream VR November 17, 2016 Deal: How to Build Habit-Forming Products (Up to 80% off) November 17, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,149 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Google might launch a new 'Google Wi-Fi' router at October event Elyse Betters23 September 2016Smart Home Google (OnHub) Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Google's a couple weeks away from announcing new hardware, including a home router product, according to a new report. Android Police claimed the Mountain View, CA-based company has developed something called Google Wi-Fi. Consumers can reportedly expect this Wi-Fi device to be unveiled on 4 October during Google's #MadebyGoogle event, where Google is also expected to introduce two flagship phones under the brand "Pixel", rather than Nexus, though they're still designed to showcase Android. Google Wi-Fi will apparently be able to link up with multiple units, allowing it to form a mesh network of sorts, kind of like Eero. The single one will cost $129, and it's not yet clear if it will be related to the company's existing OnHub router range or something different. Android Police suggested it will be similar to OnHub in that it offers smart features and a better range than most routers. Keep in mind OnHub routers are made by other companies, and Google is marketing its October event under the "Made by Google" tagline, which suggests everything we see at the show will be Google-branded and maybe even Google-made. Other things expected to be unveiled on 4 October include the Google Home speaker and a 4K-capable Chromecast dubbed Chromecast Ultra. You can read more about all those devices from Pocket-lint's roundup. Update: Droid-Life is now offering some information on Google Wi-Fi. It claimed the router is dual band and features two ports, AC1200 speeds, 802.15.4 radios, and Bluetooth. It can also be setup "in minutes" and is said to look like a small, white Amazon Echo Dot. Sections Google Smarthome Source: Android Police What is Google Home, how does it work, and when can you buy it? Amazon Echo review: It's all about Alexa Hive review: The British Gas system that's the hub of all things Dyson 360 Eye review: Finally, a robotic vacuum that really works Popular In Smart Home On Pocket-lint How does the Eve app compare to Apple Home app? Amazon Echo Dot review: The tiny personal assistant with big personality How to solve Sick Building Syndrome at home and work Anyone can buy anything using your Amazon Echo, here's how to stop it Samsung Family Hub connected fridge now available in UK A guide to Elgato Eve HomeKit accessories Tesla Solar Roof will power your home and look good in the process Bonjour is a smart alarm clock that doubles as a personal assistant O2 Home offers an easy route down the smarthome path Logitech Pop is a smarthome switch that can quite literally get the party started OnePlus 3T vs Google Pixel XL: What's the difference? Watch Dogs 2 contains sexually explicit full frontal nudity, Ubisoft promises patch When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch will get Mario game from day one, Skyrim and Splatoon too Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Google Pixel tips and tricks: Getting to grips with Google's phone Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8 edge: What's the story so far? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Android celebrates its 8th birthday as Google teases something “sweet” for tomorrow +13,565 Chris Chavez Sep 23rd, 2016 It may sound odd, but in some ways Android has a few different birthdays. November 5th, 2007 is the day we saw Google’s Andy Rubin announce the Open Handset Alliance — and the Android mobile operating system along with it — but it wasn’t until September 23rd, 2008 that Google released the Android 1.0 SDK. This was also the same day the T-Mobile G1 (HTC Dream) was made official, a full 8 years ago today. In honor of Android’s 8th birthday, Google seems to be teasing something on their Android Twitter account, mentioning that they’ve whipped up “something sweet” for tomorrow — not today. What that ends up being is anyone’s guess, the post on Twitter just shows an Android figurine baking something (KitKats, Marshmallows, and Nougat are pictured), but we have a feeling it will be some sort of tribute video or possibly a promo of some sort. Of course, that has stopped some from speculating. We’re seeing people post everything from Nougat 7.1, to Allo/Duo integration, and everything in between. We’re proud to say that we at Phandroid have been following Android since the beginning, covering all angles of the platform exhaustively over the past 8+ years. It’s been a fun ride and we’re not going anywhere. Next week, Google’s rumored Pixel smartphones are expected to make their debut and as always, we’ll be covering the event live at their October 4th event in San Francisco. Stay tuned. [Twitter] local_offer    Google   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (16) stars Further Reading OnePlus 3T charging proves solid Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more Google and Facebook are challenging bogus websites Google WiFi preorders launch Free Daydream Views now available stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 10 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
null
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Data And Telecom      Nashville Passes ‘One Touch Make Ready’ Ordinance Related Content Topic :  Cell Phones  Cell phones are so ubiquitous that in many areas they outnumber people Blog :  CenturyLink Buying Level 3, Selling Data Centers and Colocation Assets Article :  Telecom and Fleet Management Enjoy a Close Relationship Nashville Passes ‘One Touch Make Ready’ Ordinance Carl Weinschenk |   Data and Telecom   |   Posted 23 Sep, 2016          |         |     Share Five Barriers for Enterprise Mobility How Google Fiber and other competitive service providers physically deploy their networks is a sticky issue. Newcomers often have to ask providers already in the market to participate in the process. For obvious reasons, the incumbents tend to drag their feet. This issue has gotten a lot of attention in Nashville, where Google Fiber is planning to offer services. This week, it got good news: The Metro Council approved the “One Touch Make Ready” ordinance. This is thought likely to expedite Google’s initiative, according to Computerworld: Without the measure, each ISP has had to send out a separate crew to a utility pole to move its own line to make room for a new one. The ordinance would permit a single company to make the wire adjustments on a pole instead of waiting for existing providers -- competitors like Comcast or AT&T-- to make the changes, which could take months. The ordinance passed by voice vote and Mayor Megan Barry is expected sign it into law. The story says that AT&T is considered the most likely incumbent to challenge the law in court. Cable Industry Working on Full Duplex The cable industry has long fought to overcome one of the challenges of its legacy: Its networks carry data far faster downstream (from the core of the cable system to the subscriber) than upstream. It seems that the industry is on the verge of finally putting technology in place that eliminates the issue. In a blog at industry consortium CableLabs’site, Vice President of Wireless Belal Hamzeh wrote that a specification was introduced at last winter’s conference that supports full duplex operation. Full duplex is the technical term for a system with equal speeds in both directions. Its advance will be in the form of an extension of version 3.1 of the Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification (DOCSIS). The post has no word on when the extension will become part of DOCSIS, but the sense is that momentum is strong. Hamzeh pointed to Cisco’s contribution of a reference design for advanced echo cancellation silicon as an example of what he calls the “staggering” support from the vendor ecosystem. Crack the Vote Every four years, Americans hear that the vote may be hacked. This year, the rumbles are louder because of the hacks during the primary season of the Democratic National Committee and, in general, the higher frequency of attacks on government and political databases than in previous years. Kelly Jackson Higgins at Dark Reading reports that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security is offering to help localities protect the voting process. DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson claims to have confidence in the security infrastructure, but acknowledges that the dangers are greater than before. He says that those trying to hack voting systems are more sophisticated than previously. The story notes that within the past few months, Arizona’s registration system was infected with malware and data from 200,000 Illinois voters was stolen. Spark and WebEx to Work Within Salesforce Unified communications (UC) works better and achieves more of its goals if it is integrated into the applications that it is meant to help. That’s why, according to ITWorld, Cisco has made a deal to enable Spark and WebEx from within Salesforce. The story says that the first integration of Spark voice and video collaboration with an outside product was with Apple. That initiative allows Spark voice and video collaboration to be launched from within the iPhone. The Salesforce arrangement may be a bigger deal because Salesforce is a corporate mainstay. The goal is to make life as easy as possible for employees. According to the story: In collaboration, Salesforce is integrating Spark and WebEx into Sales Cloud and Service Cloud using the Salesforce Lightning Framework. This means sales prospects, customers and partners an employee has been working with in Salesforce can be reached right from the app, with no need to look up and re-enter contact information just to set up a virtual meeting, said Rowan Trollope, Cisco’s senior vice president and general manager of IoT and applications. OpenDaylight Introduces Boron The OpenDaylight Project has introduced Boron, the fifth release of the common platform for network virtualization. The wraps were taken off a week before the group’s summit, which will be in Seattle. The release, according to the story at eWeek, focuses on improving performance, tools and other elements around network functions virtualization (NFV) and the cloud. Commentary in the story says that Boron provides carrier-grade capabilities to the platform. The OpenDaylight Project started in 2013. Efforts to achieve similar goals have been undertaken by the Open Networking Foundation and Open Platform for NFV (ONF and OPNFV). Carl Weinschenk covers telecom for IT Business Edge. He writes about wireless technology, disaster recovery/business continuity, cellular services, the Internet of Things, machine-to-machine communications and other emerging technologies and platforms. He also covers net neutrality and related regulatory issues. Weinschenk has written about the phone companies, cable operators and related companies for decades and is senior editor of Broadband Technology Report. He can be reached at cweinsch@optonline.net and via twitter at @DailyMusicBrk. Save          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 5 Oculus Rift alternatives if you’ve changed your mind Chris Burns - Sep 23, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Today we’re running down a number of alternatives to the Oculus Rift, a device made by the folks who re-invigorated the modern world of virtual reality computing. While no device is exactly like the Oculus Rift, there are a few devices that fit the bill for a wide variety of computing situations – especially gaming. If you’ve been convinced today that you need to send your Oculus Rift right back where it came from, we’ve got a bit of info about that, as well. The Big Ones On the 13th of October, AKA one of the spookiest days of the year, the PlayStation VR headset will be released. This device requires a PlayStation 4 to function, of course, but users that already have that will only be dishing out $399 USD for the unit. See some more FAQ here and some PlayStation VR first-impressions, too. Then there’s the device that’s closest to the Oculus Rift and, depending on who you’re asking, rivals its opponents in a variety of areas. Enter the HTC Vive. We have a full HTC Vive Review waiting for all interested parties to partake in. This device uses room-scale tracking to allow its wearer the ability to stand up, move around, and interact with their virtual realm in a way a bit more massive than the Rift’s current release. Samsung Gear VR Every single person that owns a Galaxy smartphone of any sort – from the past several years – should strongly consider dropping a hundred bucks on this device if they don’t already have it. The Samsung Gear VR takes the Galaxy S and Galaxy Note line and turns a smartphone into a portal into the awesomeness that is mobile VR. It’s not quite the same as a PC-based VR experience, but it’s a WHOLE lot more mobile. This device offers an experience that’s elevated above the Google Cardboard / Daydream experience as it exists at press time, and remains a real healthy alternative to the Oculus Rift without a doubt. Google’s VR Collection There’s always Google Cardboard. Users lucky enough to happen upon a Google Cardboard giveaway (they’re everywhere) or see Google’s VR booth at a trade show or special entertainment event can get these accessories for free. For everyone else, there’s the rest. ABOVE: The New York Times gave away their own-branded version of the Google Cardboard headset. Still cardboard. Still very basic. Still works just fine. Android devices and iPhones are capable of running virtual reality apps, but Google’s concentration remains squarely on Android. They’ve just released their Google VR SDK out of Beta mode, so the already-massive amount of apps available to Android users of all sorts can grow at a higher rate than it was already at. For everyone that doesn’t already own a Google Cardboard headset, there’s no excuse! We’ve got a list of Google Cardboard-compliant headsets we’ve tested back in April. Seek and ye shall find the least expensive option with no moral or monetary strings attached. Returns For those VR enthusiasts that’ve ordered an Oculus Rift and wish to return their order, a few options exist. First, there’s cancelling the order in the first place – that can be done at any point before the device is shipped. This can be done by heading to the Oculus Support page – which, incidentally, doesn’t seem to have gotten the same web design attention that the rest of Oculus’ site has, but there it is anyway. If the device has already shipped, it can be returned if the box it came in remains unopened. According to Oculus, “The unused Oculus Rift can be returned within 30 days from when it was shipped.” Users that’ve opened their boxes and begun using the headset will be out of luck. To eBay they should probably go, if they’re no longer welcome. Story Timeline IMAX virtual reality movie theaters are coming this year MSI launches Windows 10 PCs geared towards Virtual Reality Facebook brings reactions to virtual reality Google is building a virtual reality Chrome browser for Android Steam kicks off weekend-long Virtual Reality sale HTC announces VIVEPORT, a global app store for virtual reality content Google Daydream Labs tackle virtual reality's social problems Tags Androidgoogleoculusoculus riftPhonesSamsungSamsung Gear VRsmartphonevrVR headsets Must Read Bits & Bytes Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Entertainment Business Lifestyle Community Bulletin Board Opinion Health Sport Youth People Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Business Home > Business Nicholson promotes The Frick at PowerBreakfast Posted 2 months ago. Christian Morrow Leave a comment NEW HORIZONS—Frick Pittsburgh Director Robin Nicholson tells PowerBreakfast attendees his plans for exhibitions and partnerships that will build a larger, younger and more racially diverse audience. Though he’s been here for two years as newest director of The Frick Pittsburgh museum, Robin Nicholson, a transplanted Scotsman most recently from Virginia, few in the business community know him. But a lot are going to want to, because he’s done something most around here haven’t—he’s partnered with Google. “It’s interesting with all cultural institutions and big Google presence in the city how everyone is so frustrated that they can’t get in touch with these people at Google who have all these great ideas and presumably all this money—and nobody was getting any sponsorship,” he told the audience at the African American Chamber of Commerce PowerBreakfast.  “Fortunately at my previous institution, the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts had worked with them on Google art project—taking high resolution images, creating online exhibition and using their street-mapping to create 360 walk-arounds of the interior. If go to google maps they just launch it for the Frick two weeks ago.” Nicholson is in the process of entice and develop new audiences for the Frick, and he’s hit on a concept that so far appears to be a winner in that regard—fashion. WELCOMING WORDS—Doris Carson Williams jokes that all her African American Chamber of Commerce members will want Nicholson’s card because he knows how to partner with Google. (Photos by J.L. Martello) “It brings in a new diverse and younger audience and I thought the Frick had an opportunity to establish a niche, as we have an extended collection of Gilded Age fashion in permanent collection,” he said. Share “So I got in touch with an associate in Brooklyn working on a show call Killer Heels: The art of the High-Heeled Shoe. It spoke to history, with some dating back to the 17th century, but also a lot of cutting edge designers and in-your face shoes. We anticipated about 14,000 visitors. We got 24,000. And of those, we estimate 10,000 were new visitors. That’s an extraordinary capture rate.” 1 2Next page » Also On New Pittsburgh Courier: Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 22 photos Launch gallery Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars 1. Chris Rock 1 of 22 2. Chrissy Teigen and John Legend 2 of 22 3. Sylvester Stallone & His Wife 3 of 22 4. Pharrell Williams 4 of 22 5. Kerry Washington 5 of 22 6. Rachel McAdams and Michael B. Jordan 6 of 22 7. Mindy Kaling 7 of 22 8. Andra Day 8 of 22 9. The Weeknd 9 of 22 10. Kevin Hart (R) with fiancee Eniko Parrish 10 of 22 11. Common 11 of 22 12. Priyanka Chopra 12 of 22 13. Lady Gaga 13 of 22 14. Whoopi Goldberg 14 of 22 15. Sofia Vergara 15 of 22 16. Dorith Mous 16 of 22 17. Robin Roberts 17 of 22 18. Leonardo DiCaprio 18 of 22 19. Brie Larson 19 of 22 20. Charlize Theron 20 of 22 21. Olivia Wilde 21 of 22 22. Jennifer Lawrence 22 of 22 Skip ad Continue reading Nicholson promotes The Frick at PowerBreakfast Red Carpet Rundown: 2016 Oscars comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular Colin Powell slams Trump, endorses Clinton The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. Passionate, proud Franklin named first permanent Black head football coach at Penn State Trump Victory: The Plight of African Americans has suddenly and drastically changed Erasing juvenile records…Duquesne Law School and Housing Authority win expungement grant 2016 Women of Excellence list unveiled Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2016 Copyright ©2016, Interactive One, LLC . All Rights Reserved - Interactive One Affluent. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Variety Continue to Variety () SKIP AD Variety Editions: U.S Latino Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Music Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Latino Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Digital News 5 Reasons Why Google Would Want to Buy Twitter Janko Roettgers Senior Silicon Valley Correspondent @jank0 0 Share This Article Email LinkedIn Print Pin It Tumblr Sipa via AP Images September 23, 2016 | 12:25PM PT Chatter about a possible Twitter acquisition went into high gear Friday after CNBC reported that both Google and Salesforce are weighing to make an offer for the company. There are still doubts whether any of this will come together quickly — Twitter’s board may be asking for up to $30 billion, according to a Recode report. But the interest seems to be real, and the price tag is poised to go down if Twitter continues to struggle with some of its key growth metrics. Which brings us to the question: Why would anyone want to buy a company like Twitter? Turns out that there are plenty of good reasons, especially for a suitor like Google. And not all of them are terribly obvious. Mobile social. Okay, this one is a no-brainer — sort of. Google has long struggled with its social strategy. Not only did Google+ never become anything close to a viable Facebook competitor, Google’s singular focus on Google+ also led to the company missing the success of media-centric mobile social networking like Instagram and Snapchat. Acquiring Twitter could give Google the foundation to start over on social, and use it as a launchpad for a modern mobile social service that doesn’t look like Facebook circa 2010. Plus, a new owner would have a lot more leeway than Twitter’s current leadership to innovate. That’s because Google wouldn’t be beholden to the protectionism that has made it so hard for Twitter’s leadership to change core concepts of its service. Instead, the company could strike a kind of bargain for a fresh start and, for example, also give Twitter’s user base those long-overdue anti-harassment tools. Customer relations. This one is a bit less obvious. Twitter is already being used by countless big brands and small businesses alike to engage with their customers. Those relationships are increasingly valuable to Google, especially as consumers migrate from search to messaging and smart assistants. Facebook knows this very well, which is why it is actively targeting businesses with its Messenger platform. Google is playing catch-up in this space, but it may even be able to leapfrog Facebook if it integrated Twitter with its own assistant. In a scenario like this, consumers could ask a company questions about their products from Google Home, the company’s upcoming smart speaker, its new Allo messenger or Twitter’s mobile app — and a company would field all those inquiries through the same interface, automatically replying to some and manually answering others. Live video. This is another area where Google is playing catch-up with Facebook. Sure, YouTube has had live video for years, but Facebook Live has gotten a lot more attention from media and consumers alike. Twitter’s Periscope has felt that squeeze as well, but the company managed to recover with a flurry of live streaming deals, most notably for Thursday Night Football. Google could use some of that momentum to stay relevant in the live video space, and Periscope’s team could help the company continue to innovate in the mobile streaming space. Advertising. Another no-brainer. For all of its struggles, Twitter has built a fairly solid ad business, to the tune of $535 million for the most recent quarter. And Twitter has just begun to monetize some of its assets, including video, where the company recently introduced an aggressive revenue-sharing deal. Google knows how to sell ads, and could help Twitter realize its full potential in this space. Developer tools. One of Twitter’s most-overlooked assets is Fabric, its collection of mobile developer tools. Fabric helps mobile app developers with anything from analytics to monetization, and it is being in use in more than two billion installed apps. Spotify, Tinder, Ebay and Pandora are just some of its higher-profile users. Tools like this are great for Google because they can make it easier for developers to build apps for phones running the company’s Android operating system. But more importantly, it would also offer Google a huge opportunity to get a foothold in apps installed on hundreds of millions of iPhones, giving the company a chance to make money even if consumers decide to buy a phone built by Apple. Filed Under: Android Google Twitter Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 2016-2017 Oscar Predictions Most Popular 1 TV 11:20AM PT What Donald Trump’s Presidency Could Mean for PBS 2 TV 10:12AM PT ‘Gilmore Girls’: Secrets of the Musical in the Netflix Revival (Watch) 3 TV 9:45AM PT Will Skinny Bundles Like AT&T’s DirecTV Now Destroy Pay TV? 4 TV 9:30AM PT Alex Wagner Named Co-Host of Saturday ‘CBS This Morning’ 5 TV 8:53AM PT TV Ratings: ‘This Is Us’ Returns Strong in Post-Election Tuesday No Frontrunner in Sight for Supporting Actor Oscar Race Oscars: ‘Voyage of Time’ Faces Challenge in Treating Voters to ‘IMAX Experience’ ‘No Oscar Campaigning,’ Academy Says, While Providing the Opportunity Ava DuVernay on Trump and Mass Incarceration: ‘He Feels It’s a Business’ Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Digital News from Variety The Power of Content Cate Blanchett deja ver el poder femenino en el tráiler de 'RED' CW Midseason Schedule: 'Supernatural' & 'DC's Legends Of… Off-White's Virgil Abloh Talks Spring Shoes and Dressing the… TVLine Items: Rookie Blue Star Visits Chicago, Colony Adds Three… T-Mobile starts holiday sales a week early with Magenta Friday Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife @hollywood TV Line BGR WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2016 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google's Home might cost $50 less than Amazon's Echo Jeff Dunn Sep. 23, 2016, 3:12 PM 7,174 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Google Home. Google Google’s Home smart speaker will cost $129, according to a new report from Android Police. The report says Google will confirm the price at its scheduled press event on October 4, as expected. The company first unveiled the diminutive speaker at its Google I/O conference this past May. The Home is more or less Google’s version of the Amazon Echo, which has been a surprise hit for the ecommerce giant since launching in late 2014. It utilizes the company’s new Google Assistant digital assistant, which recently arrived alongside the Allo chat app. If this latest rumor holds true, the Home would undercut the Echo’s $180 going rate, but would still cost much more than the $50 Echo Dot, a smaller version of the Echo which Amazon recently relaunched. Beyond the Home, the report corroborates previous rumors and says Google will also use the event to launch an upgraded version of its Chromecast media streamer. That will reportedly be called the Chromecast Ultra, support both 4K and HDR video, and cost $69. If true, that'd make it the cheapest 4K HDR streamer on the market today. Alongside the Home and 4K Chromecast, Google is expected to launch two new smartphones under its ‘Pixel’ branding at that same October 4 event. Business Insider will be attending the event, so be sure to check back here in a couple of weeks for all of our live coverage. Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: Sorry, Apple: The Lightning port doesn't magically make EarPods sound better More: Tech Gadgets Google Google Assistant Amazon Echo Amazon Chromecast Android Rumors Google @home facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google's Home might cost $50 less than Amazon's Echo Google's Home might cost $50 less than Amazon's Echo Google’s Home smart speaker will cost... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 23 GOOG: 786.90 -0.31 OffHub: Google set to announce a router called ‘Google WiFi’ on October 4th Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj onhub Google WiFi View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We already know that Google is planning a whole slew of hardware products for its October 4th event, but now we know of one more: Google WiFi. This little white box — purportedly similar in size to the Amazon Echo Dot — will apparently cost $129 and allow you to connect multiple Google Wifi access points within your home to easily create one big WiFi network… Interestingly, this product seems to be pitted as a successor to Google’s OnHub, which has over the last couple of years brought user-friendly WiFi routers made by Google in collaboration with hardware partners. Android Police‘s source claims that the Google WiFi router will similarly have “smart” features, assumably including the aforementioned ability to automatically set up a mesh network — probably similar to Eero. Other than that, details are light, but we can probably expect many of the features that Google has introduced with OnHub to come to this as well. This is pure speculation on my part, but you’ll probably be able to set up and manage the router from an app, it’ll probably have more than a couple antennas, there might be smart prioritization features, and automation capabilities thanks to IFTTT also wouldn’t be surprising. Alongside Google Home, the new Pixel phones (both a smaller and bigger device), a 4K Chromecast, and perhaps more, Google’s October 4th event is looking to be one of the biggest — if not the biggest — single-day hardware drops for the Mountain View company ever. Guides onhub View THe Guide Google WiFi View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 23 GOOG: 786.90 -0.31 Google Home will apparently sell for $129, 4K ‘Chromecast Ultra’ for $69 Ben Schoon - 2 months ago @NexusBen Chromecast Google Google Assistant Google Home View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google is set to debut a lot of new hardware at its October 4th event including new smartphones, a recently revealed WiFi router, and two other products we’re looking forward to: Google Home and the refreshed 4K Chromecast. As the event nears, we’re hearing more details on these products, and now we have pricing (via Android Police) for the Google Home and the “Chromecast Ultra”… Google Home will reportedly sell for $129 upon release, just like Google WiFi. Google originally announced Home at I/O 2016 as a competitor to the Amazon Echo family which traded Amazon’s services for direct integration with Google’s, including the power of Google Assistant. With a price of $129 the Home will be in an excellent position to sell, undercutting the standard Amazon Echo by $40. Of course, the Home will still need to compete with the recently released $50 Echo Dot, which will be a harder battle. As for the “Chromecast Ultra,” the report claims the price will land at $69, twice the price of the current Chromecast. Right now it’s unclear if Google will be offering more with the Ultra on top of 4K and HDR capabilities, but if it doesn’t, customers may opt for Xiaomi’s upcoming Mi Box Android TV instead since the price is allegedly also under $100. These rumors seem pretty definitive, but as with any product release, things can change at the last minute. With just two weeks to wait, things are getting exciting for Google’s upcoming hardware — you might want to begin preparing your wallets. Guides Chromecast View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Google Assistant View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Networking News / Could a new Wi-Fi router steal the show at Google's Pixel launch? Could a new Wi-Fi router steal the show at Google's Pixel launch? by Chris Smith 23 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments Google will boost its home networking hardware line-up at its October 4 event with a new router called Google Wifi, a report on Friday has claimed. AndroidPolice sources say a new $129 (around £100) Google Wifi router will offer longer range connectivity than most off the shelf routers. According to one source, Google Wifi routers will be capable of linking together to create larger wireless networks. The sources say it will be a companion device for Amazon Echo-rivalling Google Home device previewed at I/O and scheduled for a further unveiling on October 4. Those familiar with the situation also claim Google’s new solution will be relatively small and inconspicuous - around the size of an Echo Dot. Related: Google OnHub review How this will gel with the current OnHub router remains unknown, but the sources say it will offer some of the same ‘smart’ features. The OnHub can prioritize which devices should receive the most bandwidth and benefit from the fastest speeds. If the report is to be believed, Google’s October 4 event is shaping up to be quite the extravaganza. We expect the new HTC-made Pixel and Pixel XL phones to make their bow and hear more information concerning the availability of Google Home. Google’s Daydream VR plans should be further detailed and we might even see a 4K Chromecast dongle. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Latest Deals From Ebay NEW TP-LINK Google OnHub On Hub Dual-Band AC1900 Wireless WiFi Gigabit Router $132.99 View Item Asus OnHub Dual Band AC1900 WIFI Gigabit Router On Hub Google Fast Ship Priority $144.98 View Item NEW ASUS Google OnHub Dual-Band WiFi Wireless Router Model SRT-AC1900 SEALED $128.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Blu-ray Players DVRs and Media players Gadgets Headphones Portable Audio Projectors More Surround Sound Systems TVs Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / DVRs and Media players News / The 4K Chromecast Ultra will double the price tag, report claims The 4K Chromecast Ultra will double the price tag, report claims by Chris Smith 23 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments The rumored 4K-ready Chromecast Ultra streaming device will cost twice as much the current HD iteration, according to reports. According to AndroidPolice sources, which earlier on Friday predicted a new Google Wii router, the updated dongle will be $69, compared with the $35 asking price for the 2nd-gen Chromecast. The source says Chromecast Ultra will be HDR enabled, but regardless, it would be disappointing to see Google double down on the price tag, when the Chromecast range is renowned for its good value. Google Chromecast 4K: What is it and when will it launch? The Chromecast Ultra is expected to arrive at Google’s Pixel launch event on October 4, alongside Google Home device previewed at I/O. In better news for Google fans, today’s report also claims the Amazon Echo-rivalling Google Home speaker will be available for $129. That would undercut the Echo by $40. With the advantage of Google’s conversational Assistant technology on board, the Echo may face a run for its money. Would you pay twice as much for a Chromecast with 4K capabilities? Is Echo vs Home shaping up to be the tech battle of 2017? Share your thoughts in the comments below. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Latest Deals From Ebay Grace Digital CastDock X2 - Chromecast Audio speaker dock $113.91 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Report: “Google Wi-Fi” router to launch Oct. 4, Google Home to cost $129 A year after the Google OnHub's release, Google takes a second swing at a router. by Ron Amadeo - Sep 23, 2016 7:10 pm UTC Login to bookmark 114 The Google OnHub, Google's now old router? Ron Amadeo As part of Google's multi-device release extravaganza on October 4, Android Police claims Google is going to launch a Wi-Fi router. Another Wi-Fi router. Google's current Wi-Fi router is the Google OnHub, a $200, single-port router that was released over a year ago. Google promised that the OnHub would receive regular updates, and while minor bugfixes and security updates were provided, much of the hardware is still left unactivated: the USB port still doesn't work, and the included smart home antennas are still dormant. Popular user-requested features like IPv6 support and NAT loopback never arrived, either. Now Google is apparently poised to release a new Wi-Fi router, simply called "Google Wi-Fi." Android Police says the new router looks like a "white Amazon Echo Dot"—so a hockey puck with a light on top—and it costs $129. The site also says the router will have mesh Wi-Fi capabilities, meaning you can buy more than one and link them together for better coverage. How OnHub customers feel about waiting a year for updates that never arrived, only to see their device replaced by something else, remains to be seen. Google's move makes a little more sense when you look at the company's new internal structure. The OnHub was a weird product cooked up by the Google Fiber and Chrome teams, and now with the new Google Hardware group up and running, Google Wi-Fi would undoubtedly be a reboot of the router concept under the new division. Google has confirmed an October 4 launch event in San Francisco, with the pre-event teasers all referencing the upcoming Google Pixel phones. Previous reports indicated that Google's Daydream VR, a new Chromecast, and Google Home will all launch at the event, too. Android Police still says those launches are all still happening, with Google Wi-Fi joining the party. The site also claims to know the prices for the Google Home and new Chromecast. Google Home will run $129, and the new "Chromecast Ultra"—capable of 4K and HDR playback—will cost $69. October 4 is shaping up to be a busy day. Expand full story Reader comments 114 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Ron Amadeo / Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work. @RonAmadeo on Twitter  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Admins aggro about Azure AM absence Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Commish urges UK.gov to mean it when it talks about transparency Seagate plans to bring down the 16TB HAMR... soon(er) Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Admins aggro about Azure AM absence Seagate plans to bring down the 16TB HAMR... soon(er) HDS has HCI – but it's not hyper-converged infrastructure Aw, snap: Independent disk drive failure rates from Backblaze Hadoop experiencing growing pains in lamestream businesses Microsoft just got its Linux Foundation platinum card, becomes top level member Firefox hits version 50 Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs New Ransoc extortionists hunt for actual child abuse material Analysts apply Occam's razor to Tesco Bank breach Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Commish urges UK.gov to mean it when it talks about transparency Managed services biz hires 'forensic' beanies to review dodgy accounting The only thing worse than working at CSC? An Xmas redundo programme at CSC Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Brit smart streetlight bods Telensa named 'global market leader' Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Verity Stob UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger More like this Artificial Intelligence Chatbot Siri Watson Emergent Tech Artificial Intelligence Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Machine-learning boffins debate making software human 23 Sep 2016 at 18:56, Katyanna Quach Katyanna Quach Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ai Recent Articles Boffins twist beams of neutrons into pasta to cook up holograms Uni students float into Hyperloop finals with levitating prototype BYE, EVERYBODY! Virtual personal health assistants are coming, says Gartner Machine communication is an area generating much excitement in AI. The ability to give machines a voice and personality has been the subject of many sci-fi films, and the push in natural language processing has brought that idea closer to reality. All the big AI players are investing in some sort of chatbot. Google just released Allo, a messaging app that incorporates its Google Assistant. Apple users have Siri, the voice-powered assistant. Amazon has its AI assistant Echo. Microsoft has Cortana for their computers. And IBM has Watson, a machine that famously beat human competitors by answering more questions correctly on the American game show Jeopardy. Being able to make machines more human-like is a sign of dominance in the field. Companies are always trying to outdo each other. Google’s AI arm DeepMind used WaveNet to make machines sound more natural, and even inserted breathing sounds. The week after DeepMind’s announcement, Microsoft claimed to have achieved the lowest word-error rate in its speech recognition system. Another area that chatbots could change is customer service. Many startups are gearing their chatbots toward providing a better service to users, whether it’s booking tickets or supporting customers through call centers. But is the technology getting ahead of what users actually want? Recent research by Dr Chris Brauer, who is director of innovation and senior lecturer at Institute of Management Studies at Goldsmiths University, suggests so. Speaking at the Re•Work Deep Learning Summit today in London, Brauer explained that it was more helpful to design chatbots around how human the interaction feels, rather than how human the chatbot should be itself. Talking to a chatbot can be dehumanizing, and to overcome that developers should think about including an “empathetic design.” “It’s important that the bot seems like it can see the world from someone else’s perspective in order to build a foundation of trust,” Brauer said. People are more likely to be honest to a service that doesn’t judge and have too many human qualities. Brauer asked Blake Morrison, professor of creative and life writing and fellow colleague at Goldsmiths University, what kind of character the ideal chatbot should have. Nick Carraway from The Great Gatsby, Morrison answered. “He doesn’t give you very much away about himself, he’s an observer of others. He allows you little insights into his life, but his main interest is telling you a story where he plays a small part. But he’s there all the time observing everything. And you think he’s given you the true picture,” he told his colleague. “In conclusion, there isn’t any value in bots having unique personalities – it’s more about the experience,” Brauer said. He did note, however, that he thought that bots could be a “disruption” in the future, and the way we interact with them could change in the future. But for now it’s still “early days.” If your chatbot is an asshole, then so are you Luka.ai envisions a different future. Artem Rodichev, a machine learning engineer at AI chatbot start-up Luka.ai, said he believes better service comes when the chatbot is more personalized and adaptable to an individual’s needs. To do that, the AI has to have personality. “How do you give a bot personality? It’s simple – you talk to it,” Rodichev said during a presentation at the deep-learning summit. The chatbot has to be given a dataset of words and a lot of messages stored in texts or whatsapps so it can learn to talk like the user. As it learns to respond like the user, it begins to adopt a similar personality. A bit like how Microsoft’s chatbot, Tay, was tricked into becoming a Hitler-loving sex troll after miscreants found and exploited a debugging codeword to teach the software rude phrases: saying "repeated after me" followed by a neo Nazi outburst told Tay to learn that phrase and say it back to other people in conversation. Luka.ai uses recurrent neural networks to draw upon a bank of words stored in its internal memory and to process arbitrary sentences as inputs. The sentences in the messages are split into words, which are converted into a vector in a high-dimensional space – a technique known as Word2vec. Various algorithms decide if a particular word is good or bad by assigning a high or low score to it, and then choose how the chatbot should respond. The output text is chosen by how well it correlates to the input text, which the system has learned from analyzing streams of text from the user. Over time as the user works with the chatbot, it learns to adapt. It will improve and be more reliable, Rodichev said. “We aren’t there yet. But in the future, chatbots will be like the one seen in the movie Her,” Rodichev told The Register. ® Sponsored: Customer Identity and Access Management Tips and corrections 28 Comments More from The Register Artificial intelligence will eradicate channel drudgery, says Lenovo boss Canalys Channels Forum 2016 Any intelligence would be a start, grumble partners 16 Comments Reg readers cluster in pub to ponder artificial intelligence Reg Events And hear why a mic-dropping, beer hurling AI would be a real advance 3 Comments White House to bring us up to speed on artificial intelligence hype latest Will AI kill or cure? 11 Comments Google Research opens machine intelligence base in Zurich 'Mountain Views of a different kind' quips gros fromage 20 Comments Facebook's AI boss is on a mission to end spoon-fed machine intelligence Yes, let computers off the leash with unsupervised learning 9 Comments Hawking and friends: Artificial Intelligence 'must do what we want it to do' Rise of the Machines *Cough* Don't enslave us *cough* 120 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Performance-Driven licensing This eBook discloses high-level findings of VMTurbo’s September 2015 industry survey “Licensing, Audits &amp; Compliance in the Cloud Era” Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. MAX Mail Archive provides secure, compliant archiving in the cloud The MAX Mail Archive is available as a standalone service or as an integrated part of our complete email security, continuity and archiving service. Most read Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack Spotlight Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Zombie Moore's Law shows hardware is eating software Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Google investment in OK to reach $2 billion by 2018 - KSWO, Lawton, OK- Wichita Falls, TX: News, Weather, Sports. ABC, 24/7, Telemundo - Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Ultimate Women’s Christmas Package Ultimate Men's Christmas Package News Local News Oklahoma Headlines National International Tech Political Stories from the Associated Press A Child Who Hopes Entertainment CNN Videos Recalls Weather My SkyWarn 7 Radar Online 24/7 Live Streaming Weather Video 5th Season Weather FAQ Sports High School Sports Cameron Oklahoma Sports Headlines National Sports OU OSU OKC Thunder Texas Sports Headlines Cowboys Rangers Video Slideshows 7 News Video On Demand Medwatch Medwatch Articles Medwatch Videos MedWatch Blog Business Community Lifestyle Lost and Found 7News Editorial What's On Programming Schedule 7-Too Programming guide Telemundo Program Guide abc.com About Us On-Air Staff Bios KSWO-TV Coverage Map KSWO Job Listings EEO Report Closed Captioning on KSWO 7 News 7News app update How to use the SkyWARN 7 weather app Google investment in OK to reach $2 billion by 2018 2016-09-23T18:56:56Z2016-09-23T18:56:56Z By Rhiannon Poolaw, Producer Email Connect rpoolaw@kswo.com MAYES COUNTY, OK (KSWO) – Google announced the continued expansion of facilities in their existing site in Mayes County to a total investment of $2 billion by 2018, with increased local employment to more than 400 people. “Google’s $2-billion-dollar investment announcement in Oklahoma is yet another example of our state’s success in attracting, retaining and growing some of the best companies in the world. Google is a model corporate neighbor, having reinvested in its community more than $1.5 million in STEM grants and tech programs. We’re pleased not only with the investment Google has made in Oklahoma, but also with the commitment the company has made in using Oklahoma’s abundant renewable energy, like wind, to power a sizable portion of its operations. This announcement is a win for Mayes County and the entire state of Oklahoma,” said Governor Mary Fallin. Google’s data centers are some of the most efficient in the world, using 50 percent less energy than the typical data center. Google is the first major Internet services company to gain external certification of the high environmental, workplace safety, and energy management standards of its data centers. The data center in Mayes County is the first data center to achieve Google’s Zero Waste to Landfill commitment, which means when waste leaves the data centers, none of it goes to a landfill—100 percent is diverted to a more sustainable pathway, with no more than 10% of it going to a waste-to-energy facility, unless waste-to-energy can be proved more valuable than alternative diversion paths. "We’ve made progress on our expansion since our announcement in 2012, having expanded by many hundreds of thousands of square feet. The expansion of facilities in Mayes County will bring our investment to a total of $2 billion by 2018, with our local employment at more than 400 people. Since opening our data center operations here in 2011, we have received tremendous support from the local community and state of Oklahoma, which has allowed us to grow and operate at 'Google speed.' Oklahoma is an important home for Google, and we look forward to a bright future here." - Joe Kava, Vice President of Google Data Center Operations  “Google’s continued expansion at its Oklahoma data center campus is great news for Oklahoma. The $2 billion capital investment and creation of more than 400 high-quality STEM jobs in Oklahoma further demonstrates our state’s position as a leader in tech,” said Secretary of Commerce and Tourism, Deby Snodgrass. Google also announced a $100,000 grant to the Workforce Development division of the MidAmerica Industrial Park to support the continued growth and development of STEM education in Northeast Oklahoma. Copyright 2016 KSWO. All rights reserved. Local NewsNewsMore>> Lawton man hospitalized after making threats to local schools Lawton man hospitalized after making threats to local schools Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 2:40 PM EST2016-11-16 19:40:05 GMT (Source KSWO) LAWTON, OK (KSWO)- Michael Plume Jr. was taken to Taliaferro Mental Health Facility after making threats towards a Lawton school. MacArthur High and Middle Schools were placed on lockdown from the time the second classes started until law enforcement apprehended Michael Plume Jr.,18. Michael Plume Jr. sent texts from his mother’s home on the 1300 block of Northwest Kingsbury stating he was going to "shoot up" Mac. Plume told police he knew that they were there becaus... LAWTON, OK (KSWO)- Michael Plume Jr. was taken to Taliaferro Mental Health Facility after making threats towards a Lawton school. MacArthur High and Middle Schools were placed on lockdown from the time the second classes started until law enforcement apprehended Michael Plume Jr.,18. Michael Plume Jr. sent texts from his mother’s home on the 1300 block of Northwest Kingsbury stating he was going to "shoot up" Mac. Plume told police he knew that they were there becaus... Fire danger increasing across OK Fire danger increasing across OK Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 2:23 PM EST2016-11-16 19:23:40 GMT (Source KSWO) OK (KSWO)- Outdoor burning is not advised today or tomorrow. Dry, windy conditions will be present across the state. “Wind will be a factor beginning today as warm dry conditions continue,” said George Geissler, Oklahoma State Forester. “Any fire that starts will spread rapidly, so we are urging everyone to delay any outdoor activity that might spark a blaze. Simple postponement of burning can mean the difference during these dangerous conditions.” According ... OK (KSWO)- Outdoor burning is not advised today or tomorrow. Dry, windy conditions will be present across the state. “Wind will be a factor beginning today as warm dry conditions continue,” said George Geissler, Oklahoma State Forester. “Any fire that starts will spread rapidly, so we are urging everyone to delay any outdoor activity that might spark a blaze. Simple postponement of burning can mean the difference during these dangerous conditions.” According ... Students Win Cash Prizes for Racing CO2 Cars Students Win Cash Prizes for Racing CO2 Cars Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 1:47 PM EST2016-11-16 18:47:43 GMT (Source Duncan Area Economic Development Foundation) DUNCAN, OK (KSWO) – The Duncan Area Economic Development Foundation has announced the winners of their 2016 Duncan Area Youth Engineering Contest for 7th to 12th grade students in the Red River Technology Center school district. “It was exciting to have so many schools participate this year. We had over 380 cars race!” stated Jeannie Bowden, Race Coordinator, “The partnership between educators, volunteers, and our area employers shows the value all groups plac... DUNCAN, OK (KSWO) – The Duncan Area Economic Development Foundation has announced the winners of their 2016 Duncan Area Youth Engineering Contest for 7th to 12th grade students in the Red River Technology Center school district. “It was exciting to have so many schools participate this year. We had over 380 cars race!” stated Jeannie Bowden, Race Coordinator, “The partnership between educators, volunteers, and our area employers shows the value all groups plac... Free holiday meals for military families, register now Free holiday meals for military families, register now Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 1:39 PM EST2016-11-16 18:39:52 GMT LAWTON, OK (KSWO) — Active-duty E-1 through E-6 military families and the families of post-9/11 wounded, ill or injured of all ranks may register by December 6 at www.operationhomefront.net to receive a free holiday meal. The distribution event will take place from 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on December 9 at Cameron University. The meal kit includes non-perishables as well as a gift card redeemable for perishable groceries. Operation Homefront will distribute 400 holiday meals to ... LAWTON, OK (KSWO) — Active-duty E-1 through E-6 military families and the families of post-9/11 wounded, ill or injured of all ranks may register by December 6 at www.operationhomefront.net to receive a free holiday meal. The distribution event will take place from 10:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. on December 9 at Cameron University. The meal kit includes non-perishables as well as a gift card redeemable for perishable groceries. Operation Homefront will distribute 400 holiday meals to ... Altus Band commemorates 75th Anniversary of Pearl Harbor Attack Altus Band commemorates 75th Anniversary of Pearl Harbor Attack Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 1:33 PM EST2016-11-16 18:33:40 GMT (Source Altus High School) ALTUS, OK (KSWO)- The Altus High School Band will commemorate the 75th Anniversary of the Pearl Harbor attacks in the Waikiki Holiday Parade. The band has been raising money to attend this prestigious event for the past three years.  Students worked after school jobs and conducted fundraisers to help raise the funds for the trip. “We are thrilled to be working with the Altus High School band on their trip,” said Parade President Jake Peppers.  The student’... ALTUS, OK (KSWO)- The Altus High School Band will commemorate the 75th Anniversary of the Pearl Harbor attacks in the Waikiki Holiday Parade. The band has been raising money to attend this prestigious event for the past three years.  Students worked after school jobs and conducted fundraisers to help raise the funds for the trip. “We are thrilled to be working with the Altus High School band on their trip,” said Parade President Jake Peppers.  The student’...    Can't Find Something? 1401 SE 60th Street Lawton, OK 73501 (580) 355-7000 FCC Public File nbowers@kswo.com (580) 355-7000 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google's ‘Show and Tell' AI can tell you exactly what's in a photo (almost): System generates captions with nearly 94% accuracy Latest version of the system is faster to train and far more accurate Picture captioning AI can now generate descriptions with 94% accuracy  Firm has now released the open-source code to let developers take part By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 14:54 EST, 23 September 2016 | Updated: 15:30 EST, 23 September 2016 e-mail 69 shares 42 View comments Artificial intelligence systems have recently begun to try their hand at writing picture captions, often producing hilarious, and even offensive, blunders. But, Google’s Show and Tell algorithm has almost perfected the craft. According to the firm, the AI can now describe images with nearly 94 percent accuracy and may even ‘understand’ the context and deeper meaning of a scene. According to the firm, Google's AI can now describe images with nearly 94 percent accuracy and may even ‘understand’ the context and deeper meaning of a scene. The AI was first trained in 2014, and has steadily improved in the time since Google has released the open-source code for its image captioning system, allowing developers to take part, the firm revealed on its research blog. The AI was first trained in 2014, and has steadily improved in the time since. Now, the researchers say it is faster to train, and produces more detailed, accurate descriptions. The most recent version of the system uses the Inception V3 image classification model, and undergoes a fine-tuning phase in which its vision and language components are trained on human generated captions. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tick tock truck: Giant clock at a deserted airfield is made... Oxygen levels in ancient oceans could explain mystery of why... Star Wars-like holographic TV is coming: BBC tests display... Nearly HALF of Galaxy Note 7s have been returned in the US... Share this article Share 69 shares The most recent version of the system uses the Inception V3 image classification model, and undergoes a fine-tuning phase in which its vision and language components are trained on human generated captions HOW IT WORKS   The AI can describe exactly what's in a scene The system uses the Inception V3 image classification model as the basis for the image encoder, allowing for 93.9 percent classification accuracy. These encodings help the system to recognize various objects in an image. Then the image model is fine-tuned, allowing the system to describe the objects rather than simply classifying them. So, it can identify the colours in an image, and determine how objects in the image relate to each other. In this phase, the system’s vision and language components are jontly trained on human generated captions. Examples of its capabilities show the AI can describe exactly what is in a scene, including ‘A person on a beach flying a kite,’ and ‘a blue and yellow train traveling down train tracks.’ As the system learns on a training set of human captions, it sometimes will reuse these captions for a similar scene. This, the researchers say, may spur some questions on its true capabilities – but while it does ‘regurgitate’ captions when applicable, this is not always the case. ‘So does it really understand the objects and their interactions in each image? Or does it always regurgitate descriptions from the training data?,' the researchers wrote.  As the system learns on a training set of human captions, it sometimes will reuse these captions for a similar scene. This can be seen in the examples above  'Excitingly, our model does indeed develop the ability to generate accurate new captions when presented with completely new scenes, indicating a deeper understanding of the objects and context in the images.' An example shared in the blog post shows how the components of separate images come together to generate new captions. Three separate images of dogs in various situations can thus lead to the accurate description of a photo later on: ‘A dog is sitting on the beach next to a dog.’  ‘Moreover,’ the researchers explain, ‘it learns how to express that knowledge in natural-sounding English phrases despite receiving no additional language training other than reading the human captions.’ MICROSOFT'S CAPTION BOT GETS IT HILARIOUSLY WRONG  Microsoft's CaptionBot, which analyzes pictures in order to formulate captions, has been spot on with some results, but horridly wrong for others – it thought the First Lady Michelle Obama was a cell phone. When it was released to the public earlier this year, the program seemed to be accurate with almost all of the images it received. Microsoft's CaptionBot, which analyzes pictures in order to formulate captions, has been spot on with some results, but horridly wrong for others But recently, it mistook an elbow as a woman brushing her teeth and a close up of a human eye as a close up of a doughnut near a cup. 'It's early days for image captioning,' a Microsoft spokesperson told Dailymail in April. 'Like any artificial intelligence system, we use feedback from users of CaptionBot to improve our results and make it more accurate.'    Read more: Research Blog: Show and Tell: image captioning open sourced in TensorFlow Share or comment on this article e-mail 69 shares Most watched News videos Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Victoria Fritz hides her baby bump moments before giving birth Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo President-elect Trump and family dine out at famous 21 Club Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed Cops shoot man holding 2-year-old girl hostage Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Little girl leaps to her sister's defense during scolding EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Inside America's 'creepiest mall': Apocalyptic images... It's a steak out! Trump hoodwinks reporters and sneaks out... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... Mayhem at Oklahoma airport after father of Kansas City... REVEALED: North Carolina parents who featured on Extreme... 'He ruined my life and I was going to kill him': Jilted... 'My life goal is to assassinate Trump': Ohio man is first to... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller... The dramatic moment a police sniper shot a child kidnapper... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Revealed: 6,000-year-old amulet was created with ancient technology that is STILL used by Nasa today Who's a CLEVER boy then? Impressive footage shows cockatoos making tools using different materials to reach... Unearthed after 1,100 years, the Anglo Saxon burial ground where dozens of hollowed-out tree trunks were... Nasa and AT&T join forces for system to track every drone in America in bid to thwart flying cyberattacks  Can YOU spot the plane hiding in the ocean? Colourful brainteaser features a very carefully disguised... Giant hissing cockroaches can grow bigger testicles to impress a mate OR horns to battle rivals: Researchers... Revealed: 2.5-million-year-old teeth of our ancestors suggest they may have mostly eaten GRASS Pluto's cold heart could be hiding an OCEAN: Dwarf planet's strange spin points to a subsurface sea Apocalypse now? Humankind has a one in 500 chance of being wiped out this year, warns mathematician  Mark Zuckerberg hacked AGAIN: Facebook founder's accounts taken over for second time this year Why watching Strictly Come Dancing could make you more emotionally sensitive to your partner The quest to find the world's oldest ice: 1.5 million year-old sheet could unlock the secrets of global... The 'reminiscence bump': Researchers reveal why we can best remember things that happen between 15-25 Slicing perfectly through an iPhone, car parts, light bulb and bowling ball… this ultra-powerful jet spray... Not so smart after all: AI robot now has to get a 'real job' after FAILING a university exam for the fourth... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours The incredible blue dunes of Mars: Stunning new NASA image reveals layers of ancient rock Revealed: 6,000-year-old amulet was created with ancient technology that is STILL used by Nasa today Mystery of London's killer fog solved: Researchers reveal how chemicals combined to form acidic haze that killed 12,000 in 1952 The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it actually works The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the iMac to the Pencil Apocalypse now? Humankind has a one in 500 chance of being wiped out this year, warns mathematician  Nintendo NES classic mini edition consoles are selling for FIVE TIMES their real price on eBay Unearthed after 1,100 years, the Anglo Saxon burial ground where dozens of hollowed-out tree trunks were used as coffins and wooden planks line the graves Who's a CLEVER boy then? Impressive footage shows cockatoos making tools using different materials to reach food Snapchat confidentially files for IPO that could value it at $25 BILLION MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'I am so happy!' Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, announces that she has entered a courtship with her friend of 15 years, weeks after watching her sister Jinger marry  'The wedding's off': Bachelor's Ben Higgins blindsides fiancee Lauren Bushnell by putting nuptials on hold during therapy session  Trouble in paradise 'I didn't have my teen years as a normal girl': Priscilla Presley, 71, admits Elvis NEVER saw her make-up free... as TV viewers marvel at her 'young' appearance 'He said yes!' Ricky Martin announces engagement to Arab artist Jwan Yosef The 44-year-old pop star proudly showed off his engagement band Police call off search for Charlie Sheen's children after they were spotted at a car wash with Brooke Mueller - hours after she arrived at a bar barefoot with them and got into a fight Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Jennifer Garner shops with daughters Violet and Seraphina... after her father Bill joined her in Capital One advert Was dressed down in a $123 sweatshirt 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread EXCLUSIVE: Million Dollar Listing star James Harris reveals he is a recovering alcoholic and how his hard partying LA lifestyle threatened his marriage  She can't get enough! Lady Gaga steps out in her favourite fur coat and slips into a sexy dress for low-key night out At No Name Club How escape artist David Blaine was shot in the stomach multiple times to prepare to take a bullet in his MOUTH - and why the final trick didn't go as planned  'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Two arrested after Deadliest Catch star Jake Harris is beaten, robbed and thrown from a moving car after meeting a couple in a casino Stephanie Pratt confirms The Hills WAS scripted as she reveals just how 'real' reality television actually is  She shot to fame in the American reality TV show It's good to be Hannity: Fox News host tops New York Rich List with $29m in the past year - more than Matt Lauer and his co-workers Megyn Kelly and Bill O'Reilly Here Comes Honey Boo Boo star Kaitlyn Cardwell has successful surgery to have extra thumb removed The four-year-old bravely went under the knife The day Luke Skywalker caught us: Carrie Fisher reveals Mark Hamill saw her at Harrison Ford's apartment Speaking about affair 'People don't recognise me anymore': Obese pasta-lover loses 120lbs in a YEAR after tracking her progress on Instagram  Went from 283lb to 161lb Sisters in style! Tiffany and Lara Trump attend family dinner with Donald at the famed 21 Club wearing the SAME $385 bejeweled Alice + Olivia sweater  Emily Ratajkowski shows off incredibly perky posterior in thong swimsuit before treating pals to cheeky topless dance during beach break 'I've got the best vagina in the world!' Iggy Azalea gushes about her 'award winning' vulva after being crowned Woman of the Year by GQ  We're engaged! The Goonies child star Corey Feldman proposes to Canadian girlfriend Courtney Anne because he's worried Trump might deport her Rare unseen photos of Marilyn Monroe go up for sale for $400,000 - as her GRAVE marker goes back under the hammer one year after it first sold for $212,500 Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in a pout patterned sweater while on promo tour for Allied Lucky lips! Easy rider! Liev Schreiber leaves his bicycle at home to zip around New York's wet streets on his scooter Added some power to his wheels! 'Happy birthday my angel': Adriana Lima goes all out for her daughter Valentina's 7th birthday with unicorn themed party Certainly went to town! 'I was racing against the clock': The Black Eyed Peas' Taboo, 41, speaks about his secret cancer battle for first time Had testicular cancer 'I just wanted to detox': Kendall Jenner reveals on Ellen she quit Instagram for break from social media... but admits she'll be back Move surprised her fans Nip/Tuck actor Julian McMahon takes a dip with wife Kelly Paniagua at an Australian beach as he rocks 70s style moustache for new film Flammable Children 'You're a chauvinistic pig!': Geri Horner blasts director who wanted The Spice Girls to reveal more cleavage in feisty behind-the-scenes throwback video So what really happened onboard Flight Brangelina? FAA audio reveals NO fight was reported - despite claims Brad 'lunged' at son Maddox Frank Ocean reveals he purposely did not submit album for Grammy consideration... after Kanye West vowed to boycott the ceremony over the omission Bob Dylan will NOT attend Nobel Prize award ceremony as 'other commitments make it unfortunately impossible' Snub from singer First and second kiss! Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo lock lips twice after getting hitched on Counting On Couldn't keep their hands off each other! Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth posts a tender throwback shot of her pregnant figure as she gushes over their baby boy Freddie Reign Feeling wistful? Perfect match! Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila Alves coordinate in stylish coats for NYC outing Both wore black coats with a button up shirt Not a hair out of place! Kim Murray keeps her immaculately-coiffed do in check as she watches husband Andy storm to victory in ATP World Tour Finals Gigi Hadid 'urges "immature" Perrie Edwards to get over Zayn'... as 'scrapped Little Mix lyrics speak of "f***ing some model chick"' What sorcery is this? The magical transformation of J.K. Rowling as Harry Potter author defies her years Her Midas touch extends to her beauty routine too Newly flame-haired Bella Thorne bares her abs after gym session with her 'twin' sister Dani Was dressed for action in a grey sports bra Steven Spielberg's daughter Destry Allyn launches modelling career as she seductively tugs on mini dress in new photo shoot 'She cared about her career and never lost her femininity': Amal Clooney reveals her mother is her biggest role model at the Texas Conference For Women Move over Cookie! Rumer Willis glows in black and white at premiere as she lands role in the third season of Empire Cut a chic figure Smouldering Irina Shayk boosts her cleavage with sexy bralet as she showcases supermodel figure in lingerie-clad selfie 'A** parade': Kourtney Kardashian shares very revealing image of sister Khloe in a bathing suit... then posts an equally naughty snap of herself Risque shots Celebrity chef Matthew Tivy, 55, dies from brain tumor while awaiting trial on charges of having sex with a teenage boy WWE wrestler Big Van Vader announces on Twitter he is dying of congestive heart failure and has two years to live  Tragic news UnLAWful behaviour! Actor Jude grabs Ludivine Sagnier's bare breast as his character Pius XIII struggles with celibacy in The Young Pope Michelle Dockery strips off for VERY raunchy scene with chiseled co-star Juan Diego Botto in Good Behaviour Downton Abbey star No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Megyn Kelly reveals she shoplifted and threw house parties in new memoir... but says it all stopped when her father tragically died after they argued one night 'I believe that Roger Ailes made the company look bad': Megyn Kelly fires back at Bill O'Reilly after he criticized her for speaking out about being sexually harassed What will Harry say? Prince's girlfriend Meghan Markle stars as anarchist's lover in a VERY gritty gangster movie Plays a fashion model 'It's good to shock your body': Kourtney Kardashian says she does 100 SQUATS every day before showering Revealed the secrets to her impressive derriere Look how they've changed! Young Nicole Kidman and Russell Crowe are unrecognisable in 'Before They Were Famous' footage April Love Geary, 21, posts more sizzling bikini snaps from Necker Island but remains tight-lipped over 'secret marriage' to Robin Thicke, 39 Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Lavish affair Sofia Vergara's lawyer brands ex Nick Loeb's pro-life stance on former couple's frozen embryos 'a bid to gain public exposure' Latest in the battle 'She'll never get back together with him': Kourtney Kardashian is 'over' Scott Disick... despite the pair recently enjoying a luxury getaway to Mexico The sweet life! Paris Hilton flaunts taut torso in pineapple maxi-skirt and lands in Australia without a hitch after passport was deemed invalid Wildest Dreams! Taylor Swift tops Forbes richest celebs under 30 list with $170million in ONE YEAR...more than double her nearest rival  Another massive year 'Thanks to all the great women who make us men truly what we': Chris Hemsworth shows his sensitive side as he receives GQ Man Of The Year 2016 An A-list date night: Kate Beckinsale cosies up to Pierce Brosnan as they film romantic new scenes for The Only Living Boy In New York In downtown Manhattan Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters 'He's a classy guy': Val Kilmer reveals Michael Douglas has apologised after making 'misinformed' claim that the star had throat cancer 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague Demi Moore, 54, looks frozen in time as she shows off line-free complexion at screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Looking radiant Bloomin' sexy! Karrueche Tran flaunts her toned tum in a cropped floral bardot top and matching maxi-skirt at art event Pretty as a picture! Prince's record label sues Jay-Z and Tidal for 'streaming all of the late singers music without permission'  The company has been streaming since June Is that you, Barbie? Iggy Azalea flaunts her surgically-enhanced chest by going BRALESS under an open blazer at the GQ Men of the Year Awards Smooth operator: Nip/Tuck's Julian McMahon, 48, sports wrinkle-free complexion as he arrives at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards Michael Schumacher's loved ones 'extremely hopeful they'll see him as they once knew him' as he continues to recover from serious skiing injury David and Victoria Beckham enjoy a romantic date night out as they head to one of London's top luxury hotels  Quality time together Vampy in velvet! Emma Watson stuns in black dress for Museum Of Modern Art benefit in NYC honoring Tom Hanks Looked sleek and sexy Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Well-suited! Ian Thorpe takes to the red carpet with beau Ryan Channing at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards Dashing good looks! Hollywood hottie Scott Eastwood cuts a suave figure as he leads the arrivals at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards in Sydney 'I used to have nightmares about it': Russell Watson reveals he predicted he'd have a brain tumor as a child  The tenor has twice overcome one Sparkle and shine! Jessica Seinfeld rocks eye-catching studded sweater at premiere of Nightcap  Rather understated - yet extremely stylish Those are no 'mom jeans'! Kourtney Kardashian looks cool as she rocks skin tight ripped trousers for outing with son Mason She's one rockin' mom Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne opt for casual chic outfits while shopping together at Los Angeles flea market Enjoyed some outdoor retail therapy together Tutu beautiful! Karlie Kloss stuns in ballerina-inspired black mini dress at Art Party in NYC She's a red carpet regular Katy Perry stuns in off-the-shoulder jumpsuit as she attends Capitol Records' 75th Anniversary Gala Looked absolutely sensational Poppy Delevingne puts on vibrant display of color as she attends MOMA Film Benefit in sleeveless patterned dress Floral sensation Cat Deeley puts on a leggy display in a thigh-grazing pair of shorts as she heads to a pampering session Enjoyed a day off in California Laughing out loud! Sarah Paulson has director David O. Russell in fits of giggles as they walk the red carpet for his Past Forward premiere  'Has anyone made David disappear yet?': Victoria Beckham begs David Blaine to make husband vanish in a puff of smoke on TV special That's magic Ariel Winter dons tiny shorts for fast food at In-N-Out Burger in Burbank Finished off her scantily-clad ensemble with a grey top Livin' la Vida Las Vegas! Ricky Martin announces Sin City residency on The Ellen DeGeneres Show Ready to shake his bon-bon Flower power! Michelle Monaghan clings to summer in pretty floral dress... as she attends her THIRD event in one night  Mellow yellow Billy Bob Thornton, 61,  reveals favorite My Little Pony character while promoting raunchy sequel Bad Santa 2 The 61-year-old actor showed his tender side Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Couples dressing! Kate Mara and boyfriend Jamie Bell are a chic pair in complementary looks at the premiere of Past Forward That's a long haul! Tom Hiddleston looks a little weary after arriving back in LA after London trip Carried his own luggage with a large rucksack  Allison Williams strikes a flirty pose in floral patterned frock at special Los Angeles screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Girl time! Michelle Williams is attached at the hip with gal pal Busy Philipps...after talking about daughter Matilda's 'petting zoo' Spotted in Los Angeles 'I remember feeling very insignificant': Emma Stone wows at La La Land premiere... as she reveals film depicts her worst audition experiences Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  Rihanna shows off her fiery red locks as she's spotted on the set of Bates Motel in Vancouver  The Needed Me singer has a soft spot for acting Gummy mummy! Joyous Christina Milian flashes her perfect smile as she visits salon with daughter The pair looked blissfully happy Amy Adams and lookalike redhead Isla Fisher stock up for the holidays at Beverly Hills gifting suite They are two of Hollywood's hottest stars Baby joy! Sunset Beach star Ashley Hamilton welcomes a daughter with girlfriend Renee Karalian The 42-year-old son of George Hamilton  Has Margot moved to LA? Australian actress puts on a loved up display with boyfriend Tom Ackerley as they arrive in after bidding farewell to the UK That's a bit tight! Ireland Baldwin puts on eye-popping display in a TINY bikini top for series of selfies Shared busty selfies of herself Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  'I love my husband and kids more than acting': Nicole Kidman reveals she and Keith Urban decide their next career moves during 'family meetings'  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia Fabulous at 47! Model Christy Turlington looks elegant in black and diamonds at Tom Hanks MOMA tribute in NYC The Vogue model wore a black dress Alexa Chung flaunts her lithe legs in a quirky leather mini-dress as she attends MOMA film benefit in NYC Ruffling the fashion crowd  Nobody's looking at the water! Shanina Shaik shows off her bountiful booty in a bikini by the sea... after admitting that she prefers swimsuits 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship He said yes! New Kids On The Block singer Jonathan Knight proposes to boyfriend Harley Rodriguez during African holiday Popped the question Make-up free Jennifer Garner, 44, shows off youthful good looks and endless legs as she enjoys lunch with Alias co-star Victor Garber Always simply chic One Direction... to the bar! Dapper Niall Horan heads to The Nice Guy with a pretty female pal as he continues to enjoy LA life  Loving life in LA New couple? Avril Lavigne and Ryan Cabrera 'snuggle up' at New York City restaurant where they sip wine and mingle with pals Extremely affectionate  Sheer beauty! Milla Jovovich leads the style crowd at special Los Angeles screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Looked stylish  Cleopatra comin' at ya! Pregnant Marion Cotillard wears Egyptian-inspired outfit to Allied screening in NYC Growing baby bump Double date! Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson hang with longtime friends Steven Spielberg and Kate Capshaw at MOMA tribute to actor Paid homage to Hanks 'Our little man!' Jurnee Smollet-Bell announces birth of first child with cute Instagram snap The Friday Night Lights and True Blood star, 30, shared her happy news Is she fur real? Lady Gaga wears MASSIVE furry pelt as she pampers herself at Epione Salon in Beverly Hills Made quite the entrance Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Pink Pony club 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Chrissy Teigen looks chic in all white before she slips into plush black ensemble to match John Legend on romantic date night in NYC 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Body image struggles Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'Due to the current climate': Alicia Keys switches from new single to political song Holy War on The Voice The 35-year-old singer got political  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy Magazine Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind No time to sleep! Britney Spears keeps fans awake as she releases new single Slumber Party at midnight    Big release for star How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Studio City The 29-year-old was spotted looking tanned  An early Christmas present! Christina Hendricks flaunts her formidable bust in tight dress at Bad Santa 2 premiere Looked radiant  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Sally Wood, 38, shows off her post-baby body in a leather dress as she joins husband Ronnie ,69, at The Rolling Stones' Exhibitionism launch in New York Caitlyn Jenner puts on leggy display as she goes on her daily coffee run in Malibu in patterned mini skirt Long hair was as usual parted in the middle Beauty and brains! Cindy Crawford goes back to school to expand on her savvy business skills The 50-year-old posted a snap of her desk  Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Also rocked a fluffy, off-the-shoulder sweater  Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold?  Shakira thanks fans for well wishes during son's illness and says one-year-old tot is 'back to his cheerful self' Canceled appearance at Latin Grammy's recently From boho to the boudoir! Elsa Pataky shows off her enviably-toned body in sultry lingerie campaign images Wife of Chris Hemsworth Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Poppy appeal! Glamorous Dame Joan Collins continues to sport a Remembrance Day poppy as she makes a super chic entrance at LAX Georgia May & Co hit the pub after Royal Academy do: Model joined by Suki Waterhouse and Lily Donaldson for a night on the town  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Dad broke achy hearts and her sister came in like a wrecking ball He's ripped! Nick Jonas displays buff biceps and six-pack abs as music, film and TV star covers new Men's Fitness Looking good  'There are areas we're exploring': HBO executive CONFIRMS Game Of Thrones prequel talks with creator George R.R. Martin As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the pieces in the collection Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5million mansion Making a tidy profit too Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  Revealed in his memoir, Just Getting Started From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Partially-burned body of missing 26-year-old man found buried in shallow grave at Jersey shore after killer reveals location to police 23 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Law & Disorder / Civilization & Discontents Judge skewers Oracle attorney for revealing Google, Apple trade secrets [Update] Lawyer “screwed up and she never should have done what she did,” judge says. by David Kravets - Sep 23, 2016 11:52 pm UTC Login to bookmark 76 Jeff Pachoud/Getty Images UPDATE 4:52pm PDT: The judge presiding over the case on Friday neither held Oracle's attorney in contempt nor issued any sanctions. Instead, the judge ruled that issuing such an order would be "heavy handed." (PDF) The judge ordered that Oracle would have to pay for Google's expenses in its successful bid to seal the transcript of the lawyer's courtroom disclosure—an amount that will be determined later. ORIGINAL STORY: The federal judge who presided over the Google-Oracle API copyright infringement trial excoriated one of Oracle's lawyers Thursday for disclosing confidential information in open court earlier this year. The confidential information included financial figures stating that Google generated $31 billion in revenue and $22 billion in profits from the Android operating system in the wake of its 2008 debut. The Oracle attorney, Annette Hurst, also revealed another trade secret: Google paid Apple $1 billion in 2014 to include Google search on iPhones. Judge William Alsup of San Francisco has been presiding over the copyright infringement trial since 2010, when Oracle lodged a lawsuit claiming that Google's Android operating system infringed Oracle's Java APIs. After two trials and various trips to the appellate courts, a San Francisco federal jury concluded in May that Google's use of the APIs amounted to fair use. Oracle's motion before Alsup for a third trial is pending. Oracle argues that Google tainted the verdict by concealing a plan to extend Android on desktop and laptop computers. As this legal saga was playing out, Hurst blurted out the confidential figures during a January 14 pre-trial hearing, despite those numbers being protected by a court order. The transcript of that proceeding has been erased from the public record. But the genie is out of the bottle. Google lodged a motion (PDF) for sanctions and a contempt finding against Hurst for unveiling a closely guarded secret of the mobile phone wars. During a hearing on that motion Thursday, Judge Alsup had a back-and-forth with Hurst's attorney, former San Francisco US Attorney Melinda Haag. According to the San Francisco legal journal The Recorder, Haag said that her client Hurst—of the law firm Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe—should not be sanctioned because of "one arguable mistake made through the course of a very complex litigation." According to the Recorder (subscription): But at the end of Haag's initial remarks, Alsup asked her a blunt question: "Do you admit that [Hurst] should not have revealed this to the court in the way that she did?" Haag declined to answer directly and tried to make a legal argument, but Alsup cut her short. Haag's "dodging," the judge said, was "not helping." "I think you're afraid to come out and admit that [Hurst] screwed up and she never should have done what she did," he said. "If the shoe was on the other foot, you would be jumping up and down." "It takes away from the rest of a very good argument that you made that you wouldn't make that concession," he said. The judge went so far as to say that he "hopes" that, when Orrick lawyers ask for confidential information in other case elsewhere, "someone raises this." Haag, undeterred by the dressing down, said that Google could not show bad faith necessary to hold Hurst in contempt. When Alsup said that he was inclined to side step a bad faith finding by granting Google's motion for sanctions under Rule 37 of the Federal Rule of Civil Procedure, Haag responded by citing two cases that held even a Rule 37 sanction motion requires a finding of bad faith. "I'm not saying it's OK," Haag finally conceded late in the hearing. "I'm saying she shouldn't be held in contempt for doing so." Google attorney Bruce Baber argued that at a minimum, sanctions were necessary to protect the legal process. "This is not about trying to punish anyone," Baber said. "It's important for the court to clarify the protective order." Meanwhile, Hurst also said in open court in January that regarding the Google-Apple agreement to place Google search on iOS, "the revenue share was 34 percent." "That percentage just stated, that should be sealed," Google lawyer Robert Van Nest countered at the time, according to the transcript. “We are talking hypotheticals here. That’s not a publicly known number.” Whether the figure was the percentage kept or paid by Google is not clear. Although Judge Alsup did not rule on Google's motion for contempt or sanctions, he is expected to do so soon. After deliberating for three days in May, the Oracle-Google jury concluded that the Android operating system did not infringe Oracle-owned copyrights because Android's re-implementation of 37 Java APIs was protected by "fair use." Expand full story Reader comments 76 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - David Kravets / The senior editor for Ars Technica. Founder of TYDN fake news site. Technologist. Political scientist. Humorist. Dad of two boys. Been doing journalism for so long I remember manual typewriters with real paper.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
null
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Rumor: Google will introduce a new router called Google WiFi at the Pixel Event +8,703 Ashley King Sep 23rd, 2016 Android Police is reporting that Google is set to launch more than just the Pixel phones at its event on October 4th. Two sources have stated that the company plans on introducing a new Wi-Fi router called Google WiFi. The device will cost $129 and will supposedly have “smart” features that resemble OnHub, but in a much smaller package. No, that’s not Google WiFi. It’s an Echo Dot. In fact, the sources claim that this new router will resemble Amazon’s new Echo Dot, which itself is just a chopped off version of the Echo (and OnHub). The truly interesting thing about this leak is that once of the sources claims the routers can be linked together to create a large, meshed wireless network. Aside from the new router, Google is slated to reveal the Pixel, Pixel XL, and the new Chromecast Ultra that is capable of streaming in 4K. While everything released so far is rumor, Android Police is careful to note that the devices have been described by two independent sources, so it’s very likely that the information here is about as accurate as you can get for a leak.   local_offer    Chromecast   Google   Google OnHub   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (10) stars Further Reading OnePlus 3T charging proves solid Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more Google and Facebook are challenging bogus websites Google WiFi preorders launch Free Daydream Views now available stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 10 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
  Subscribe SRSLY Podcast Follow us on Twitter New Statesman Podcast Home Politics Culture World Science & Tech More Our writers Long Reads New Times Magazine Events Us Election Subscribe Close menu Left groups attack Labour for “retreating into Little England” on immigration The Staggers Meet Britain's largest voter group - the authoritarian populists The Staggers “Aberdeenshire business owner wins election”: Scottish local press is chill about Trump Media The New Statesman and Speri Prize Lecture EVENTS Consumer CityMetric Business New Statesman Tech Spotlight Cyber View All Close menu Why a Homer Simpson philosophy course isn’t as strange as it sounds TV & Radio Alex Nunns' new book is insightful – but can't settle the myth of Corbyn Books SRSLY #68: The Gilmore Girls Special TV & Radio The New Statesman and Speri Prize Lecture EVENTS Consumer CityMetric Business New Statesman Tech Spotlight Cyber View All Close menu Hillary Clinton deserved to lose World #PresidentTrumps1stTantrum scenarios list Donald Trump arguing with his own parody Twitter account Media The Simpsons take a dig at Donald Trump's win, and admit “being right sucks” TV & Radio The New Statesman and Speri Prize Lecture EVENTS Consumer CityMetric Business New Statesman Tech Spotlight Cyber View All Close menu Cost of cyber awareness training? A Lot Less than $1 Billion Security #PresidentTrumps1stTantrum scenarios list Donald Trump arguing with his own parody Twitter account Media Apple is selling a book for £250 – and, yes, it is just a book Technology The New Statesman and Speri Prize Lecture EVENTS Consumer CityMetric Business New Statesman Tech Spotlight Cyber View All Search Search form Search Menu Getty Show Hide image Internet 23 September 2016 “Stinking Googles should be killed”: why 4chan is using a search engine as a racist slur Users of the anonymous forum are targeting Google after the company introduced a programme for censoring abusive language. By Amelia Tait Follow @@ameliargh         Print HTML Contains examples of racist language and memes. “You were born a Google, and you are going to die a Google.” Despite the lack of obscenity and profanity in this sentence, you have probably realised it was intended to be offensive. It is just one of hundreds of similar messages posted by the users of 4chan’s Pol board – an anonymous forum where people go to be politically incorrect. But they haven’t suddenly seen the error of their ways about using the n-word to demean their fellow human beings – instead they are trying to make the word “Google” itself become a racist slur. You were born a Google, and you are going to die a Google #OperationGoogle https://t.co/OMSFUxx6sL — Rev. Dr. Pog EXTREME (@brabakr) September 23, 2016 In an undertaking known as “Operation Google”, some 4chan users are resisting Google’s latest artificial intelligence program, Conversation AI, by swapping smears for the names of Google products. Conversation AI aims to spot and flag offensive language online, with the eventual possibility that it could automatically delete abusive comments. The famously outspoken forum 4chan, and the similar website 8chan, didn’t like this, and began their campaign which sees them refer to “Jews” as “Skypes”, Muslims as “Skittles”, and black people as “Googles”. If it weren’t for the utterly abhorrent racism – which includes users conflating Google’s chat tool “Hangouts” with pictures of lynched African-Americans – it would be a genius idea. The group aims to force Google to censor its own name, making its AI redundant. Yet some have acknowledged this might not ultimately work – as the AI will be able to use contextual clues to filter out when “Google” is used positively or pejoratively – and their ultimate aim is now simply to make “Google” a racist slur as revenge. Posters from 4chan “If you're posting anything on social media, just casually replace n****rs/blacks with googles. Act as if it's already a thing,” wrote one anonymous user. “Ignore the company, just focus on the word. Casually is the important word here – don't force it. In a month or two, Google will find themselves running a company which is effectively called ‘n****r’. And their entire brand is built on that name, so they can't just change it.” There is no doubt that Conversation AI is questionable to anyone who values free speech. Although most people desire a nicer internet, it is hard to agree that this should be achieved by blocking out large swathes of people, and putting the power to do so in the hands of one company. Additionally, algorithms can’t yet accurately detect sarcasm and humour, so false-positives are highly likely when a bot tries to identify whether something is offensive. Indeed, Wired journalist Andy Greenberg tested Conversation AI out and discovered it gave “I shit you not” 98 out of 100 on its personal attack scale. Yet these 4chan users have made it impossible to agree with their fight against Google by combining it with their racism. Google scores the word “moron” 99 out of 100 on its offensiveness scale. Had protestors decided to replace this – or possibly even more offensive words like “bitch” or “motherfucker” – with “Google”, pretty much everyone would be on board. @jazzcook07 All those stinking googles should be killed or go back to Africa.#WorthlessGoogs #GoogleRiots #GooglesGonnaGoog #DumbGoogles — Moon Man (@gayretard911) September 22, 2016 Some 4chan users are aware of this – and indeed it is important not to consider the site a unanimous entity. “You're just making yourselves look like idiots and ruining any legitimate effort to actually do this properly,” wrote one user, while some discussed their concerns that “normies” – ie. normal people – would never join in. Other 4chan users are against Operation Google as they see it as self-censorship, or simply just stupid. Memes from 4chan But anyone who disregards these efforts as the work of morons (or should that be Bings?) clearly does not understand the power of 4chan. The site brought down Microsoft’s AI Tay in a single day, brought the Unicode swastika (卐) to the top of Google’s trends list in 2008, hacked Sarah Palin’s email account, and leaked a large number of celebrity nudes in 2014. If the Ten Commandments were rewritten for the modern age and Moses took to Mount Sinai to wave two 16GB Tablets in the air, then the number one rule would be short and sweet: Thou shalt not mess with 4chan. It is unclear yet how Google will respond to the attack, and whether this will ultimately affect the AI. Yet despite what ten years of Disney conditioning taught us as children, the world isn’t split into goodies and baddies. While 4chan’s methods are deplorable, their aim of questioning whether one company should have the power to censor the internet is not. Google also hit headlines this week for its new “YouTube Heroes” program, a system that sees YouTube users rewarded with points when they flag offensive videos. It’s not hard to see how this kind of crowdsourced censorship is undesirable, particularly again as the chance for things to be incorrectly flagged is huge. A few weeks ago, popular YouTubers also hit back at censorship that saw them lose their advertising money from the site, leading #YouTubeIsOverParty to trend on Twitter. Perhaps ultimately, 4chan didn't need to go on a campaign to damage Google's name. It might already have been doing a good enough job of that itself. Google has been contacted for comment. › Dear Labour: stop wasting time, and join us in a progressive alliance Amelia Tait is a technology and digital culture writer at the New Statesman. Subscribe Most Popular Last 24 hours Labour has checkmated itself on Brexit By Jolyon Maugham Could Conor McGregor get too big for UFC? By Daniel Harris PMQs review: Jeremy Corbyn is enjoying landing blows over Brexit By George Eaton Meet Britain's largest voter group - the authoritarian populists By Julia Rampen The best laid plans… By Mark Shucksmith More         Print HTML Related articles Living the Meme: What happened to David after David After the Dentist? A timeline of the entire US election in memes Living the Meme: What happened to that guy who filmed a double rainbow? Subscription offer 12 issues for £12 + FREE book LEARN MORE Close This week’s magazine Getty Show Hide image Technology 13 November 2016 A “remote tower” could let you land at Heathrow – with air traffic control 600 miles away This new technology already exists, and is part of a quiet revolution in how planes land. By Ashley Nunes         Print HTML Imagine this. At the end of a long journey, your plane touches down gently at Heathrow Airport, its air-traffic control tower easily visible from the runway. Then the pilot informs you that the air-traffic controllers who helped guide your plane to the ground aren’t in the tower at all. They are comfortably seated in a room more than 1,000 kilometres away, watching your plane on video monitors rather than looking out of the tower’s windows in London. This isn’t science fiction. The technology already exists. Known as “remote tower”, it consists of high-resolution video cameras and surveillance sensors that monitor and record movement – of aircraft and other vehicles – at an airport. The information is then transmitted in real time to an off-site location. This allows air-traffic controllers to watch and manage an airport from somewhere other than the on-site control tower. Control towers have been a staple of airports for almost as long as air travel has been possible. One of the first – constructed in Croydon in 1921 – was little more than a glorified hut. A lot has changed since then. Control towers today are architectural wonders, rising high into the sky, giving controllers a bird’s-eye view of the airport. They can withstand strong winds and seismic forces. And they don’t come cheap. It cost over £50m to build Heathrow’s control tower, which opened nearly a decade ago. Manchester spent £20m on its tower and Birmingham’s came in at £10m – hardly small change in an era of austerity. Remote towers are expected to cost a fraction of these sums, because structures filled with cameras and sensors are cheaper to build than those filled with human beings. Sensing a financial windfall, countries are rushing to test the idea. A remote tower in Ireland is already serving an airport from 300 kilometres away. The same has been done in Australia from a facility over 1,500 kilometres away. From Germany to India and the United States, interest in remote towers is taking off. But the technology could deliver more than just cost savings. In an unassuming building a few kilometres from Heathrow is the virtual control facility (VCF). National Air Traffic Services (Nats) describes it as a “remote off-site facility that almost completely replicates the Heathrow tower”. Almost, because there are no glass windows that controllers can look through to find planes. Given the VCF’s location away from the airport, there are no planes to look at anyway. Controllers rely instead on surface radar, weather displays and communication consoles to do their job. The VCF’s purpose is simple: to keep Heathrow running through a control-tower calamity. Such a calamity – say, a tower fire – would normally force air-traffic control services to cease. As a result, planes would be grounded and tens of thousands of passengers would be stranded. It’s hardly an appealing prospect for Europe’s busiest airport. The VCF aims to prevent this. In the event of an emergency, tower controllers can relocate to the VCF and continue moving some planes. More continuity would result in less disruption. Because the VCF doesn’t include video-imaging capability (controllers cannot see the planes they are directing), it is, in essence, a “lighter” version of the remote tower concept. Yet it shows the potential safety and efficiency benefits of managing planes from off-site locations. The transition to remote towers will not be immediate. For the concept to work, particularly at large airports, huge amounts of data must be transferred from the runways to the remote location. That might be an attractive target for hackers and the risk of a breach rightly worries those considering the remote tower idea. In order to address these concerns about data manipulation and viruses, controllers will need to devise near-impenetrable fail-safes to thwart potential cyber attacks. Another challenge is nature. The camera technology used in remote towers must give controllers a clear view of the airport at all times. However, cases have been reported in which insects in front of cameras have blocked the view. Camera outages in the aftermath of a storm can cause similar problems, particularly if they occur at a crucial moment in traffic control. The concept is forcing the aviation industry to rethink what has been the norm for nearly a century – the notion that a control tower should be at the airport for which it is responsible. And the industry seems to be getting on board. So the next time you want to thank the air-traffic controllers who got you home safely, don’t go looking in the tower: they might not be there.  Subscribe This article first appeared in the 10 November 2016 issue of the New Statesman, The Trump apocalypse Most Popular Last 24 hours Labour has checkmated itself on Brexit By Jolyon Maugham Could Conor McGregor get too big for UFC? By Daniel Harris PMQs review: Jeremy Corbyn is enjoying landing blows over Brexit By George Eaton Meet Britain's largest voter group - the authoritarian populists By Julia Rampen The best laid plans… By Mark Shucksmith More         Print HTML Related articles Cost of cyber awareness training? A Lot Less than $1 Billion #PresidentTrumps1stTantrum scenarios list Donald Trump arguing with his own parody Twitter account Apple is selling a book for £250 – and, yes, it is just a book Subscription offer 12 issues for £12 + FREE book LEARN MORE Close This week’s magazine © New Statesman 1913 - 2016 About us About us Advertising Contact us History Privacy policy RSS feeds Subscribe Terms and conditions Supplements CLOSE GOOD JOURNALISM IS NEEDED MORE THAN EVER. SUPPORT US TODAY. Trump, Brexit, the rise of the far right across Europe – these are turbulent times for the world. Help us hold our leaders to account and tell the stories the world needs to hear. Support the New Statesman by taking out a subscription here or making a donation here. The fight back begins now. SUBSCRIBE HERE Close
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Google made this cake to celebrate Android’s 8th birthday SyrupCast 88: Recall blues Google’s Daydream virtual reality development kit is now available Patrick O'Rourke September 23, 2016 2:11pm Google’s Daydream VR platform SDK, the company’s new Android VR platform announced back at I/O 2016, is now available to developers. After spending a few months in beta, Google’s VR SDK has made it to version 1.0 and is now available to download, giving developers the ability to integrate asynchronous reprojection, high-fidelity spatialized audio, and new input from Daydream’s controller. Google is also offering Unity and Unreal integration for VR experiences right out of the box. Daydream-ready phones and headsets are set to release this Fall. Currently, the ZTE Axon 7 and Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe are the only devices released so far that are Daydream-certified  ZTE Axon 7 and ASUS Zenfone 3 Deluxe. Minimum Daydream specifications include a Snapdragon 820 SoC, 4GB of RAM, 1920 x 1080 pixel OLED display and Android 7.0 Nougat. Developers can also signup for Google’s Daydream Access Program in order to get access to frequent updates about the new platform directly from Google engineers. It’s expected that Google will reveal more about its future plans for Daydream. Related: Google’s Daydream is poised to bring VR to the masses SourceGoogle ViaAndroid Authority Matt @ Patrick O’rourke your title of this post needs some editing. Reailty ?? Needs to be changed to Reality ???????? Patrick O’Rourke Thanks for the heads up. Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Wifi, a $129 router from Google, may debut on October 4 Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | September 23, 2016 32 shares 28 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0               October 4 is looking like it’ll be a big day for Google, with rumors that the company will unveil new Pixel smartphones, a new Chromecast, and a VR headset on that date. Now a new report claims that Google’s got yet another device that it plans to show off. Google will reportedly announce an own-brand Wi-Fi router on October 4. The device will be called Google Wifi, claims Android Police’s sources, and will cost $129. The Google Wifi is said to be “like a little white Amazon Echo Dot” that will have smart features and enhanced range. The highlight feature, though, will be the ability to link two or more Google Wifi routers to create one big wireless network. What’s interesting about this news is that Google already sells its OnHub routers, which are devices that are offered in partnership with companies like ASUS and TP-Link. While those devices are built by other manufacturers, though, it sounds like this Google Wifi will be all Google, similar to how Google is transitioning from Nexus phones that were announced with a partner to pure Google Pixel phones. What do you make of today’s report? Are you interested in a $129 Google Wifi router? Source:  Android Police Android Rumors and Leaks Google Previous ArticleSprint may have ended leasing program for new Android phones Next ArticleVerizon prepaid customers will get HD Voice support on September 25 Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Sprint may have ended leasing program for new Android phones Google Home expected to cost $129, Chromecast Ultra to be priced at $69 While imperfect, today's upgrade methods are still an improvement to what they used to be Snapchat Spectacles leak shows sunglasses with built-in camera View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 1 day ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 5 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 2 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 21 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 7 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 21 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note AT&T reportedly thinking about Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Verizon Wireless Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Verizon says no 128GB Pixel XL in PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Microsoft integrates Google's AMP tech into Bing's mobile app Listen | Print By James Walker     Sep 23, 2016 in Technology Microsoft has announced that the Bing app for iOS and Android now uses Google technology to load webpages faster. The app now supports the AMP initiative which streamlines webpages to reduce their size, prioritising user experience over ads and tracking. AMP (Accelerated Mobile Pages) was unveiled by Google in October 2015. The company partnered with publishers and tech companies worldwide to create the open-source initiative, making it free for all. Microsoft has now integrated AMP into the Bing mobile app, letting it load content significantly faster than before. AMP uses specially developed lightweight webpages. It supports responsive design and optimised interactive elements, including adverts. These are reflowed into the main content so they load quickly and don't trigger a performance penalty. To ensure the page is always loaded in the fastest time possible, AMP content is cached on Google's servers across the world. The technology is already supported by publishers including the BBC, Condé Nast, The Guardian and Vox Media. Starting today, it's present in the Bing app, enabling up to 80 percent faster page loads of compatible content. Bing will now consume less data and display pages faster, two significant benefits which will directly improve the user experience. Microsoft's Bing app now supports AMP technology Microsoft Microsoft has integrated AMP into the news feed displayed in the Bing app's search results and homepage. For each article, Bing now detects whether the page is compatible with AMP. If it is, it downloads the AMP-ready page from the nearest location. A small lightning-bolt icon is added to the article header to show it has been loaded using AMP. If AMP is not present, the page is loaded as normal. Microsoft says it runs its own performance techniques to optimise the loading times of content that doesn't use AMP. "We started experimenting with AMP in our Bing App last May and have noticed that AMP pages load, on average, approximately 80 percent faster than non-AMP pages," said Marcelo De Barros, Group Engineering Manager in charge of the AMP integration at Bing. "Lighter pages also translate into less data being transferred over the network, requiring less network bandwidth to be downloaded." AMP can deliver tangible performance improvements but the technology isn't without its critics. Sceptics are concerned that Google already has too much of an impact on the way in which online content is consumed. AMP takes that a step further. Despite being an open-source initiative, it is heavily reliant on Google technology and servers. Many publishers have opted to retain complete control of their content and code, preventing the mobile web from being dominated by AMP. Microsoft said it has observed a "significant increase" in AMP adoption. It has rolled out the updated Bing app today in response to this. It said it is "happy to be collaborating" with other AMP participants. The Bing app with AMP technology is available now on iOS and Android. More about Microsoft, Google, google amp, Bing, Mobile   Microsoft Google google amp Bing Mobile Internet webpages Latest News Top News A month into Mosul assault, tough fighting still ahead Report claims that Al-Qaeda leader killed in attack in Libya Budget Android phones caught sending texts back to China Op-Ed: Big Data and the Internet of Things — the evolution of analytics Milan Melindo in crucial 3rd attempt to win a world title fight UN warns of mass atrocities in South Sudan Poland asks Russia to return 2010 presidential jet wreckage Syria regime bombs rebels as Aleppo food aid runs out Review: New on DVD for November 15 Special Obama urges 'course correction' on globalisation Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? February 25 AAPL: 96.76 0.66 How-To: 50 getting started tips for new Spark users Jeff Benjamin - 9 months ago @JeffBenjam Apps & Updates Apps Apps how to email Readdle Comments (15) Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit As we told you about earlier, Readdle has released the highly anticipated update to its Spark email client for iOS. Spark 1.6 adds support for the iPad, including iPad Pro, syncing of settings and accounts, and watchOS 2 support among other things. Needless to say, it’s a major update that vaults it clear to the top of third-party email offerings on iOS. But what if you’ve been holding out and have just now decided to give Spark a chance? If that’s the case, then you should definitely check out this breakdown of 50 different tips for new Spark users. Like I always say, even if you’re a veteran user, chances are you may still learn a thing or two. For an overview of Spark and the new version 1.6 release, be sure to have a look at our initial article concerning Spark’s recent update. That post will help you determine if Spark is right for you. Once you’ve finished reading, come back here for a look at many of the awesome features that Spark makes available. I understand that this post is very lengthy, so if you wish to have an abridged version of all 50 items covered here, then have a look at our video walkthrough below. The video runs down all of the primary talking points, and gives new Spark users a good idea of what to expect and what the app is capable of doing. Video walkthrough Adding accounts Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts → Add Account. Spark lets you add a mix of Google, Exchange, Yahoo, iCloud, Outlook, or other IMAP account types. All accounts can be easily combined into a single unified inbox. 1Password integration When adding new accounts, you may tap into the credentials stored within 1Password by utilizing the lock button in the upper right-hand corner of the login window. Syncing settings and accounts via iCloud Go to: Settings → Sync Settings via Cloud. One of my favorite things about the latest Spark update is its ability to sync both settings and accounts via iCloud. This makes it possible to set up new devices with Spark virtually hassle free. You will still need to verify at least one email address on your account before Spark will let you proceed with syncing. This is a good thing, however, as it can help protect your data if your iOS device happens to fall into the wrong hands. Setting default email address Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts → Default E-mail Address. The default email address is the address used when composing new emails. It’s also possible to have Spark utilize the most recently used address. Of course, you can always change the from address on the fly when composing new email. Refreshing the inbox Although Spark supports push email from sources like Google, it’s still possible to perform a manual refresh by pulling down on the inbox panel. Using the Smart Inbox The Smart Inbox is one of the premier features in Spark. It essentially allows you to divide the inbox up into multiple sections to help prioritize importance. When using the Smart Inbox, only new emails appear at the top of the inbox. New email is further broken down into hierarchical sections, beginning with personal emails, notifications, and newsletters — in that particular order. Viewing message details Tapping on the subject line, name of the sender, or details button within an email will reveal the message details. Details contain information like From and To address, subject line, time, and message type. Message Detail actions Additional actions can be performed on message detail fields by tapping on them. For example, when tapping on the sender’s email address, you’ll see options for Copy, Compose, Add to Contacts, Save, and More. Changing Message Type You can change the type of a received email by tapping the details button below the subject line, and tapping the message type. You can select between three message types: Personal, Notifications, and Newsletter. If an email arrives that you believe has the wrong message type, use the message details to reassign it with the proper type. Composing email Composing a new email is easy; just tap the compose button in the bottom right hand-corner of the interface. Minimizing email To minimize an in-progress draft, tap the ‘x’ button in the upper-left hand corner of the compose window, and then tap the Minimize button. Swiping between emails You can easily swipe between emails in the inbox. This is a great way to navigate through a batch of new emails quickly and efficiently. As you swipe, the email being currently viewed is highlighted with a light blue tint in the inbox’s list. Pinning emails Pinning is the equivalent of marking an email as important. Tap the pin button above the message details to quickly pin an email. Pinned emails will appear at the top of the Smart Inbox, and are also available as a Sidebar item and/or Widget. Snoozing emails Like the soon to be defunct Mailbox, Spark lets you snooze emails. Snoozed emails will be removed from the inbox until a later time. Tap the snooze button in the upper right-hand corner of an open message to get started. Customize Snoozes Go to: Settings → Snoozes. Spark lets you customize snooze availability and specific snooze intervals. Using Swipes One of my favorite Spark features is the ability to configure four different swipes gestures that correspond with various actions. By using swipe gestures on email in the inbox, you can execute one of the following actions: Mark as read/unread Delete Archive Move Move to… Pin Snooze Move to Spam Save to Evernote, Dropbox, Box, Google Drive, OneDrive More (iOS Share Sheet) Customizing swipes Go to: Settings → Personalization → Swipes. Spark features left short, left long, right short, and right long swipe gestures. Each swipe can be configured via the app’s settings. Changing notification preferences per account Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts, and tap on the account that you wish to configure. You can change the notification preferences for individual email accounts on a per-account basis. Notification preferences let you decide between keeping all notifications, using smart notification curation, or disabling notifications altogether. Smart notifications only send alerts when receiving email from known sources, keeping automated emails, like newsletters, at bay. Setting signatures Go to: Settings → Signatures. Spark lets you add multiple signatures, and assign a default signature to a specific email account. Changing signatures on the fly When composing an email, you can swipe between configured signatures on the fly, or you can tap the ellipses button in the bottom right-hand corner of a signature to further manage closing sentiments. Customizing badges Go to: Settings → Badges. Notification badges can be a huge source of annoyance and distraction, so it’s great to see options inside of Spark’s preferences for managing how badges are displayed. Spark lets you disable all badges outright, or only show badges when receiving email from specific accounts. Attaching photos It’s easy to attach photos to an email you’re composing by tapping the photo button in the upper left-hand corner of the compose window. Use the list button at the top of the photo picker to filter photos by album. Attaching files Next to the photos button, you’ll find a traditional paperclip button for attaching items to email. Since iOS doesn’t feature a traditional filesystem, attachments can be made by tapping into services like iCloud Drive, Dropbox, Google Drive, Box, or OneDrive. Searching using natural language Spark features awesome searching capabilities that allow you to quickly hone in on a specific email that you’re looking for. By incorporating natural language search, you can use search queries like this: Emails with jpeg attachments from yesterday. Saving search queries Tap the star button next to a search query to save that search for future usage. When you perform a new search, you can easily tap into search history or saved searches. Mass archiving and deleting By using the drag handles at the bottom of an inbox list, you can quickly archive or delete all emails in the list. Managing multiple inbox items Tap and hold on any email within an inbox to jump into edit mode. While in edit mode, you can select multiple emails and quickly mark as read/unread, move, archive or delete. Using Quick Replies You can use quick replies with emails that feature a personal message type. Quick replies allow you to reply to an email in brisk fashion using a single tap. It goes without saying that quick replies work great when used on Apple Watch. Adding Custom Quick Replies Go to: Settings → Quick Replies → Add New. Spark lets you add additional custom quick replies, which allow you to create your own text snippet with corresponding emoji icon. Changing background color Go to: Settings → Background Color. Spark ships with three different background colors: Dark Sky, Dark Blue, and Light Blue. Background colors influence the Widget and Sidebar area, as well as the status bar. Customizing the email viewer and default browser Go to: Settings → E-mail Viewer. By default, Spark makes it so that the primary toolbar action contained within emails is the archive option. You can easily change this to display the delete or both the archive and delete options if you wish. You can also configure what happens when an email is archived or deleted, and select the default browser. In case you’re wondering, Spark supports Safari View Controller, and all of the benefits that it brings to the table. Using Widgets Go to: Settings → Personalization → Widgets. Widgets allow you to quickly access specific Spark features. With Widgets, you can access Spark’s calendar. Although there are definite overlaps with Sidebar items, Widgets can be easier to access on the fly. Using the Sidebar Go to: Settings → Personalization → Sidebar. The Sidebar contains shortcuts to the Smart Inbox, Attachments, Snoozed email, and more. You can further customize the Sidebar shortcut cards via the Sidebar preferences. Changing sound preferences Go to: Settings → Sound Preferences. Not feeling Spark’s own sound library? You can use the Sound Preferences to switch back to standard iOS sounds. Viewing multiple email attachments When viewing one of several attachments within an email, tap the attachment button in the upper right-hand corner to open the handy attachment picker. Viewing a list of attachments across all accounts Tap the Attachments shortcut in the Sidebar or in the Widgets list to access all attachments across all accounts. View Recently Seen email Tap the Recently Seen shortcut in the Sidebar or in the Widgets list to have a look at recently viewed email. Setting up Smart Folders Go to: Settings → Personalization → Widgets (or Sidebar) → Add new → Smart Folder. You can configure Smart Folders, which act as email filters, via Spark’s preferences. Like search, Smart Folders utilize natural language to hone in on specific emails. You can further tighten the scope of a Smart Folder by configuring the accounts used within the search query. Searching for emails via Spotlight Spark features accurate email searching directly from iOS 9’s Spotlight search interface. Changing Notification Actions Go to: Settings → Notification Actions. Spark lets you customize the primary and secondary actions that appear when interacting with banner or Lock screen notifications. Options include Mark as Read, Archive and Delete. Connecting services Go to: Settings → Connected Services. Although standard iOS share sheet support is there, you can interact with various services directly from Spark’s interface when using connected services. Using the Calendar Widget The aforementioned Calendar Widget is only available as a Widget, not as a Sidebar item. Spark’s calendar interfaces taps into the already existing calendar accounts on your iOS device, and lets you schedule events, create invites, respond to invites, and more. Saving emails as PDFs Tap the Share button when viewing an email, and tap the Save as PDF button to create a great-looking PDF that can be copied directly to iBooks. Managing privacy settings Go to: Settings → Privacy. Privacy settings let you disable remote image loading, and prevent notification actions from being performed on an incoming email without verifying your device’s passcode. Mark multiple messages read Tap the mark button in the upper right-hand corner of an inbox group heading to quickly mark all messages within that group as read. Undoing actions Most actions executed within Spark, such as archiving an email, can be undone using the Undo button that appears briefly at the bottom of the interface. Just be sure to act fast. How to add an email alias Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts → Tap the account that you wish to set up an alias for. Aliases can be easily added or removed from Mail Account settings. How to delete an email account in Spark Go to: Settings → Mail Accounts → (tap the account you wish to remove) →  Remove Account. Removing an account from Spark is simple and straightforward. iPad (and iPad Pro!) support is here As I noted in our initial hands-on with Spark 1.6, iPad support was my most anticipated new feature in the latest Spark 1.6 update, and it doesn’t disappoint. Along with general iPad support, Spark natively works with the super-sized 12.9″ screen of the iPad Pro. Wrangling email while using Split View for side-by-side multitasking is productivity bliss on such a large screen. Manage email on Apple Watch Not only can you receive email notifications directly on Apple Watch, but Spark’s latest update adds support for watchOS 2. This means that the app now runs natively on Apple Watch, and as such, is noticeably faster. Along with support for the iPad Pro, this is one of the primary reasons that I’ve decided to go with Spark as my full time email client. The future Spark isn’t perfect, but it’s one of the best solutions for managing email on iOS. It’s also backed by a company, Readdle, that isn’t a risky startup. That bodes well for the long-term viability of such an app. After Sparrow, and now Mailbox, I said I would never give my heart to another third-party email client again, but Spark, with so many options and features in tow, is good enough that I decided to give in. Readdle hasn’t been shy about the fact that it’s working on a Mac version of Spark, and if it can pull it off, that will be what truly pushes this client to the next level. As it stands now, Spark is one of the best email experiences available on iOS, and I wholeheartedly recommend you give it a shot. Guides Apps Lead the curve on tomorrow’s iOS and Mac app hits while being the first to hear news and updates on yesterdays app sensations (and flops). View THe Guide Apps View THe Guide how to View THe Guide Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. cdm283813 - 9 months ago Reply Why is the swipe gesture to delete opposite from the iPhone? LikeLike isail (@isail) - 9 months ago Reply You can change it. Not sure if they are different by default but doubt it. LikeLike jiggerslovesthemapples - 9 months ago Reply Good to see you again, Jeff! They really put you to work here, eh? 😃👍🏼 Monster of a post, Jeff, good work! 👍🏼 Love Spark and use it more than the stock Mail app, although must say the interface is a bit cluttered. Fantastic email client tho. LikeLike Voo Doo (@mojowork_in) - 9 months ago Reply I would like to know how Readdle is able to offer Spark for free. Their privacy policy is quite vague on what exact data the app collects, so maybe they are looking at data mining as an income source….maybe they’re counting on sales of the upcoming Mac version? Anyone have some insight? LikeLike Sketcher (@Sketcher0204) - 9 months ago Reply They just mentioned on Twitter that they will generate revenue by having additional paid functionality for teams starting with version 2.0. LikeLike isail (@isail) - 9 months ago Reply Worth mentioning is that aliases are entered comma separated: a@abc.com, b@def.org LikeLike Matthew Judy - 9 months ago Reply iOS designers (and developers), please take note: things like the floating buttons in the bottom right, overlapping sheets, hamburger menus, and bold color blocks are part of Google’s “Material” design guidelines for Android. They are very clean and cool looking, but they do not belong in an iOS application. Forcing one platform’s design patterns into place on other platforms results in increased cognitive load for users, and headaches for developers. Please refer to Apple’s own Human Interface Guidelines, and (if you’re able) the “Designing Intuitive User Interfaces” session video from Apple’s WWDC 2014 conference. LikeLiked by 4 people chriscarnie2 - 9 months ago Reply I agree with you. I enjoy the Spark app, but I really hate it when developers don’t design their apps to look like an iOS app. LikeLiked by 1 person Sven Blum (@SvenBlum) - 9 months ago Reply They save your exchange passwords on their servers. Maybee that’s not something you want… LikeLike chrishoward - 9 months ago Reply Argh! Posted a reply and it said I had to be logged in to comment – even tho I had! Try again… Gave Spark a try after reading this, and feature for feature, Airmail is easily superior. And Spark as a few issues… – Smart Inbox becomes next to useless when you have multiple email accounts, as it wastes screen real estate, and doesn’t unify new mail – Unified view has no indicator what account the email is from – No Unread mail view Airmail matches Spark on most features, does some better, and has other really useful ones like Send To which can send to 28 services, including Todoist, Dropbox, Wunderlist, Google Drive, Github and Evernote. It includes views for Unread, Attachments, Threads, Today and Smart view (which, usefully, can be multiselected – e.g. Today and Attachments shows today’s attachments). Plus Airmail has a desktop version. I didn’t’ see any features in Spark that weren’t matched or bettered by Airmail, except for Spark’s Widgets. And they don’t offer enough of an advantage to outweigh Airmail’s superiority. Spark also has an iPad client, which Airmail doesn’t but even then, I still prefer Boxer on the iPad to Spark Airmail is the still number 1 for me. LikeLike Bruce Burton - 9 months ago Reply Sounded all good until I found out it doesn’t support my works Exchange server as its ‘too old’ (2 years) Are you serious? No go for me based on that. LikeLike Martin de Weger - 7 months ago Reply Can you move mail to archive instead of delete it on the watch app? LikeLiked by 1 person michaele11111 - 6 months ago Reply How can I set the frequency/minutes for checking for new mail? I can’t seem to find a setting for this. LikeLike Komrad - 5 months ago Reply How do you create a new folder in you mailbox? I cannot figure out how to do this basic operation. LikeLike revtechsreview - 2 months ago Reply can i sync the information on calendar 5 on the calendar of spark? LikeLike Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Cloud   /   What Makes Google's Allo a Smarter Approach to Messaging       What Makes Google's Allo a Smarter Approach to Messaging     By Don Reisinger  |  Posted 2016-09-23                   1 of Back To Start Pause Loading... What Makes Google's Allo a Smarter Approach to Messaging Google has built artificial intelligence into its new Allo "smart messaging" app to deliver a better chatting experience. Here's why it could challenge entrenched competitors such as WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger. Allo Displays the Familiar Google Bare Bones Design Allo has Google's typical sparse application design, with a standard chat timeline taking up a large chunk of the screen's real estate. At the bottom, users click on the "Say something" area, where they can choose to type out text, dictate a response or toss in some emojis. The design is intuitive. Smart Reply Reduces Typing Time Allo comes with a Smart Reply function that's designed to limit the amount of time users are typing content. The feature automatically analyzes what's being discussed in the conversation and can suggest quick responses. The app also can suggest photos or emojis that relate to what's being said in the conversation. Smart Reply is Allo's response to suggestions users find in other messaging apps. Google Allo Is Always Learning Machine learning is a key component in Google Allo. The app continually analyzes what users are saying so it can suggest more relevant responses, data points and other information as conversations continue. Google wants Allo to be the "smart" chatting application, and it needs the artificial intelligence gained through machine learning to achieve that goal. Text Bubble Size Is a Form of Expression In what appears to be a growing trend in the marketplace, Allo has text bubbles that can be modified by size depending on what the user is trying to convey. So, if users are "whispering," Allo allows them to send out small text bubbles, according to Google. Those who want to "shout" can send big text bubbles. It's a gimmick, for sure, but it's one that resonates with chat users. There's Photo Sharing With Doodles Like other chatting applications, Allo features support for photo sharing. However, the app adds a bit more to the feature with help from doodling. After posting a picture to a chat, users can doodle on it to enhance their message. Photo sharing has become a must-have in the chatting world, and Allo offers that and a bit more. Allo Taps Into a Google Assistant That's a Work in Progress Allo supports Google Assistant, a bot of sorts that can deliver relevant information after receiving a query. For instance, users in an Allo conversation can ask Google Assistant for nearby restaurants, get answers to questions, find points of interest or call up YouTube videos for both participants in the conversation to watch. Google was quick to note, though, that Assistant is currently in preview and will be improved as time goes on. End-to-End Encryptions Protects Chats Those who want end-to-end encryption will find it with Allo. When users turn on the app's Incognito mode, all conversations from that point on will feature end-to-end encryption, so not even Google can see what's being said. The mode also supports private notifications and the ability for users to set expiration dates on chats. You Get to Play With Stickers Like varying sizes of text bubbles, today's chat users expect stickers in their chatting apps. Stickers can be pinned to chat messages to add some more context to the conversation. According to Google, the stickers are designed by independent artists and studios from across the world to add "some fun to the conversation when words aren't enough." Also Serves as a One-on-One Personal Assistant Google Assistant can be used as a personal assistant in Allo. When users aren't chatting with others, they can have a one-on-one "conversation" with Google Assistant. Users can ask Google Assistant for sports scores and weather forecasts, or find out when their airline flight leaves, for example. It will even suggest when to leave for a destination to ensure users don't miss an important event. Anything users find out from Google Assistant can be added to their calendar as reminders or events. What to Know About Allo's Availability Google's Allo is available as a free download in Apple's App Store and the Google Play marketplace. The app works with any iPhone, iPad or iPod Touch and requires iOS 9.1 or later. On the Android side, Allo requires Android 4.1 or newer. Google doesn't say whether any Android-based smartphones or tablets are incompatible with the software, so any device running Android 4.1 or later should work with Allo. Deloitte Survey Finds Manufacturers Highly Vulnerable to Cyber-Threats View Slideshow » Why Samsung is Paying $8 Billion for Harman Auto Electronics View Slideshow » Akamai Reports DDoS Attacks Hit New Heights in 2016 Third Quarter View Slideshow » HTC Bolt Smartphone Arrives on Sprint Network With Android Nougat View Slideshow » 10 Features Samsung Should Build Into the Galaxy S8 Smartphone View Slideshow » Why DNS Servers Are an Unprotected Back Door into Your Network View Slideshow » 11 Revolutionary Advances in Wireless Tech in 2016 View Slideshow » Panasonic Updates Toughpad FZ-G1 With More Power, Longer Battery Life View Slideshow » Broadcom, Qualcomm Latest Acquirers in Busy Chip Space View Slideshow » Why Donald Trump and Silicon Valley Don't See Eye to Eye View Slideshow » View All Slideshows >   Google is hoping to compete in the crowded mobile messaging application market with Allo. The app, which Google released Sept. 20, is available on both Android and iOS. In its listing in the Apple App Store and Google Play, the search giant calls Allo a "smart messaging" app that uses artificial intelligence to deliver a better chatting experience. The app offers a smart reply function that allows users to respond to a text message without ever typing. The app also can analyze what's being said and offer suggestions on what to say next. Plus, Google Assistant is baked into the software, giving users the option to ask for and discover local points of interest or decent spots to eat. At its core, Google Allo is a chatting application that includes familiar features such as emojis, big text bubbles and an incognito mode for secure conversations. But it's also a more intelligent take on messaging—and one that could challenge entrenched competitors such as WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger. Read on to learn more about Google's free Allo messaging app.           Don Reisinger is a freelance technology columnist. He started writing about technology for Ziff-Davis' Gearlog.com. Since then, he has written extremely popular columns for CNET.com, Computerworld, InformationWeek, and others. He has appeared numerous times on national television to share his expertise with viewers. You can follow his every move at http://twitter.com/donreisinger.             Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Search Video Recaps > Search Buzz Video Recap: Google Penguin 4.0 Live, AMP In Core Results & App Indexing Stumbles Search Buzz Video Recap: Google Penguin 4.0 Live, AMP In Core Results & App Indexing Stumbles Sep 23, 2016 • 10:17 am | (1) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Search Buzz Video Round Recap Prev Story Next Story Big news this morning, Google officially confirmed that Penguin 4.0, the real time version of that spam algorithm, is now live. We saw Google testing it earlier and some folks were talking about the launch date. We have a lot more information about this release at the beginning of the video, so watch it. We go through the question, should Google comment about algorithm updates more often? Google launched Allo, a preview of the Google Assistant, I am not so impressed. Google launched AMP in the core mobile results. Some publishers saw massive spikes in AMP traffic, without explanation. Google also said with the AMP launch, AMP pages will be shown before App deep link URLs in the mobile results. Google also published a survey asking webmasters questions about AMP. Google said there is no reason to rush into PWAs. Google said the interstitial ad penalty can be triggered on scroll as well. Google is testing more shadows on the card stytle layout. Google launched Google Trips, a sweet travel assistant. Google is showing new vacation search result boxes and answers. Google has a new book preview in book knowledge cards. Google AdWords call conversion tracking is easier. There is a bug with the AdWords certiifcates saying they expired in 1969. That was this past week in search at the Search Engine Roundtable. Make sure to subscribe to our video feed or subscribe directly on iTunes to be notified of these updates and download the video in the background. Here is the YouTube version of the feed: For the original iTunes version, click here. Search Topics of Discussion: Google Penguin 4.0, The Real Time Penguin Algorithm Is Live Google Testing Penguin In The Wild? Some Think So. Google On Penguin 4.0: We Don't Have Any Dates To Announce Poll: Should Google Comment About More Google Algorithm Updates & Changes? Google Launches Allo With Google Assistant Preview Google AMP In Core Mobile Results Fully Live? Google Confirms: Google AMP Results Now Rolling Out Are You Seeing Huge Traffic Surges From Google AMP Since Thursday? Google AMP Trumps App Indexing In Google Mobile Search Results Google Search Console AMP Error Report Update After Scanning Change Take Google's Survey On Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) Google: You Don't Have To Rush Into Progression Web Apps (PWA) The Google Interstitials Mobile Penalty May Impact Popups On Scroll Google Tests Shadows With The Card Style Layout Google Trips Feels Like The Perfect Travel Companion Google Showing Flights & Hotel Costs For Vacation Searches Google's New Preview Book To Book Knowledge Cards Google AdWords Call Conversion Tracking Now Easier Google AdWords Certification Bug Says Valid Through December 31, 1969 Please do subscribe via iTunes or on your favorite RSS reader. Don't forget to comment below with the right answer and good luck! Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google Penguin 4.0, The Real Time Penguin Algorithm Is Live   Comments: pierre boulianne 09/25/2016 04:03 pm 4.0 blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Google to Ban AdSense Publishers With Fake News Sites Twitter Now Lets You "Mute" Keywords and Phrases Digital Point Forums Aggregate Rating Schema in Google Listing - is it worth nowdays ? What is the right keyword density in an SEO article? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Google gets more time to answer EU charges: official AFP on September 24, 2016, 3:50 am Google gets more time to answer EU charges: official Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Google gets more time to answer EU charges: official - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Brussels (AFP) - EU anti-trust authorities have granted US tech giant Google a few extra weeks to answer charges that it has abused its market dominance, an EU official told AFP on Friday. The Silicon Valley firm now has until October 13 to answer questions about its Google Shopping search engine, October 26 for its Adsense advertising business and October 31 for its Android mobile phone operating system. "In each of these cases, Google asked for additional time to review the documents in the case file," according to an official from the European Commission, the executive of the 28-nation union. "In line with normal practice, the commission analysed the reasons for the request and granted an extension allowing Google to fully exercise its rights of defence," the official told AFP. Brussels has accused Adsense of restricting some websites from displaying ads from Google's competitors. The EU has also recently beefed up its charge sheet in an earlier case against Google which alleges that the firm abused the dominance of its search engine for online shopping. There are now three EU cases against Google in total, with the EU having also filed charges in April against it for its Android mobile phone operating system. Google has already offered a general defence against the charges from the European Commission. Former Danish economy minister Margrethe Vestager has launched a series of EU anti-trust cases against US firms in the past two years, drawing complaints from Washington. Other EU investigations include cases against Starbucks, Amazon and McDonald's. Google's response will be the company's last chance to avoid sanctions, which could amount to fines up to 10 percent of the group's annual global sales or $7.4 billion based on their 2015 results. Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Google gets more time to answer EU charges: official - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News Slain mobster Pasquale Barbaro’s car may have been 'bugged' Enemies may have planted a tracking device in Pasquale Barbaro's car so hitmen could follow and kill him. New NSW Deputy Premier facing scandal on day one of the job Two-days after Nationals leader Troy Grant was forced to step down as deputy premier, his freshly appointed replacement is facing a scandal of his own. School bus aftermath: Bloodied students capture carnage on phones Kids smashed into seats and windows as vehicles crash at 80k/ph. Teen 'headlocked and dragged' by man during afternoon walk Haylee Dick walked along a Central Coast reserve on Tuesday evening when she suddenly felt a presence behind her. Meningococcal teen 'thought it was gastro' Friends of a South Australian man thought he was struck down by gastro when he developed diarrhoea and vomiting. Rose Tattoo member admits part in gun plot Former Rose Tattoo drummer Paul DeMarco has pleaded guilty to conspiring to supply guns following similar pleas from his co-accused. Show Me More Recommended Videos Compare & Save Personal Loans Unsecured Personal Loan - Fixed comp. rate p.a. 9.26% Fixed Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 12.83% Fixed Rate Personal Loan-Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 15.99% Personal Loan Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 16.85% Unsecured Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.12% Personal Loan Unsecured comp. rate p.a. 13.84% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Unsecured Variable Personal Loan comp. rate p.a. 16.24% Variable Rate Personal Loan-Unsec comp. rate p.a. 16.72% Important Disclosures Compare more Car Loans Car Loan (New) comp. rate p.a. 5.49% Low Rate Car Loan Special Offer comp. rate p.a. 5.93% Advantage Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.49% Fast Loan - Low Rate - New Car comp. rate p.a. 6.73% New Car Loan comp. rate p.a. 6.73% Important Disclosures Compare more Home Loans Basic Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 3.60% Discount Variable Home Loan Special Offer comp. rate p.a. 3.84% Fresh Start Basic Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 3.94% Great Rate Variable Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 4.09% Fresh Start Variable Rate Home Loan comp. rate p.a. 4.12% Important Disclosures Compare more Credit Cards frank credit card purch. rate p.a. 11.99% Vertigo Platinum purch. rate p.a. 12.74% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Vertigo Visa purch. rate p.a. 13.24% Low Rate purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate Visa Card purch. rate p.a. 13.49% Low Rate Card purch. rate p.a. 13.99% Rewards purch. rate p.a. 18.79% Amplify Classic purch. rate p.a. 19.49% First purch. rate p.a. 19.74% Important Disclosures Compare more Savings Accounts High Interest Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.20% Online Savings Account max rate p.a. 3.05% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Online Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Maxi Saver max rate p.a. 3.00% Bonus Saver max rate p.a. 2.80% Savings Maximiser max rate p.a. 2.75% Online Saver max rate p.a. 2.75% Progress Saver max rate p.a. 1.91% Important Disclosures Compare more Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Woman flashes entire train of people during spontaneous dance routine Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP WATCH: Young woman dances on Melbourne train, flashes undies to commuters Supermoon of the century OUR PICKS New NSW Deputy Premier facing scandal on day one of the job South Australian cop allowed to live at home following three-hour siege Schoolgirl kicked in face during brutal attack at skate park Marsh quits as Australia's chairman of selectors MOST VIEWED WATCH: First pizza delivered by drone! Woman flashes entire train of people during spontaneous dance routine Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
null
null
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville Everyday Health (EVDY): Quick, Call The Doctor! By Scutify Sep 22, 2016 10:37 pm PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. Everyday Health (EVDY) is looking so pale that it may be secretly looking up its symptoms on rival website, WebMD. Everyday had never exactly been the picture of health. The WebMD wannabe had racked up a $2.38 per share net loss when it went public in February 2014. The company made money in 2014 but slumped back to a $12 million loss or -$0.36 last year. Housed in luxurious $4.5 million Manhattan suites far from Silicon Valley, Everyday is showing some disturbing symptoms exacerbated by the changing industry. Here's how the prognosis looks to TheStreetSweeper: Investors may find other viewpoints here plus additional risks and backgroundhere. Now let's look at why we think this healthcare search site needs to call the doctor. *1. Google Changes Ten years ago, WebMD was part of Google's experimental program to help improve health search results. The experiment worked and WebMD became a popular site for consumers to diagnose their own illnesses. The Mayo Clinic developed its own well-recognizedsymptom checker as well. Everyday Health and other content aggregators rushed in and began offering their solutions. The problem is that they depend heavily on Google searches because, unlike WebMD and Mayo, they aren't recognized brands. Now a decade later Google wants to keep eyeballs glued to its own pages rather than rushing them away to the content aggregators. Google began this effort in June, when it rolled out a new symptom search for Androids and Apple phones or tablets. So Google remains firmly ahead of the game as more and more people switch from PC to smartphone searches. *2. Looming: More Risk Everyday Health and other content providers are dependent on Google, the No. 1 destination for health information: Get strong Google results or die. Other risks posed by Google's new symptom search, include: *The app is initially available in English in the U.S. with plans to expand over the months into other languages, countries and enhancements, thus introducing future challenges to Everyday Health. *Google's symptom search eliminates the need to cross-check symptoms on WebMD or Everyday Health because cross-checking can be accomplished on Google. *Google is partnering on symptom search with institutions such as Harvard Medical School and the Mayo Clinic. Doctors are helping with Everyday Health's symptom lookup but most content is by writers who aren't doctors. Examples include: (Source: Everyday Health) *3. Mobile App Downloads Decline Mobile is of growing importance to Everyday Health, where mobile accounts for75% of total traffic. Everyday's 2014 mobile revenues grew 82% to $68 million. But mobile has slowed drastically, with 2015 revenues hitting only $73 million or just 8% growth. However the company stopped breaking out mobile revenue after the third quarterof 2015, so we assume revenue growth has further declined. The chief reason for the mobile disappointment is likely because iPhone users show far, far more interest in WebMD than Everyday. Everyday Health download rankings frequently fall below 1,500 in the health and fitness category: (Source: App Annie) That compares with WebMD's app which consistently ranks around the top 73 downloads: (Source: App Annie) An insidious threat has already taken a toll and is set to virtually kill the ability of sites like Everyday Health to make money from ads... *4. Ad-Blockers Gobble Profitability Pathway Enter the friend of consumers; teeth-gnashing enemy of web sites: Ad-blockers. Ad-blockers are the bane of sites that get paid for each click a PC user makes on an ad - often accidentally. The ad-blockers are becoming more popular among mobile device users. This is a big worry since more and more people are closing their desktop computers and picking up their phones to check Facebook, Twitter and other sites. Already eMarketer predicts 26% of internet users in the U.S. will use ad blocking software this year... a striking 34% year-over-year jump. But what is possibly more concerning is that now about 8% of ad blockers are used on mobile devices, according to the Reuters Digital News Report 2016. That suggests there's plenty of room for ad blocker growth among mobile users. And Reuters adds: "around a third of respondents say they plan to install one on their mobile in the next year." Researchers found the vast majority who have downloaded a blocker use them regularly, indicating that once downloaded "people rarely go back." Another report found that about 419 million smartphone users worldwide are blocking ads - far more than the nearly 200 million people who used ad blockers on desktops the year before. This is terrible news for companies like Everyday Health. Ad blockers are shoving the door shut just as content providers thought they saw a beacon of light in mobile. This development couldn't have come at a worse time for WebMD and peers ... *5. WebMD Foretells EVDY Drop A slave to Google, WebMD has watched users drop, setting off a bomb slowly reverberating through the industry. And we've found the drop is even worse than most realize. WebMD's then-CEO David Schlanger said during the second quarter earnings call on August 8 that users dropped 6% year over year ... and organic searches had fallen. "During the second quarter, approximately 58% of our US consumer page views were from organic search referrals primarily from Google. This compares to approximately 71% in the prior-year period. The remaining 42% of our US consumer page views are generated through direct traffic to our sites, newsletter outreach and referrals from social platforms." But the real drop in organic traffic appears to be 22.7%, according to our calculations. (Our calculations: Base year split of 71% from Google, 29% from other ... Following year, Google traffic dropped by "x" percent; other increased by 37% ... Google traffic = 0.71-x .... Other traffic = 0.29*1.37 .... So total traffic = 0.29*1.37 + (0.71-x) ... Then we have (0.71-x) / (0.29*1.37) + (0.71-x) = 0.58 ... X = 16.13% ... So Google traffic dropped from 71% to 54.87% ... a drop of about 22.7%) The user drop-off was very hard to take, even though profits had actually risen. Market confidence crumbled away. WebMD's stock had already dropped 16% over three months and the shares just continued falling: (Source: Nasdaq) CEO Schlanger left WebMD about September 19 under "mutual agreement." The industry leader is in a lot of pain under Google's changes and we can expect even more for Everyday. After all, its valuation is just $268 million versus WebMD's $1.9 billion. *Conclusion Everyday Health faces growing complications -- big industry changes, Google's new symptom search partnership with Mayo and Harvard that's pushing out content providers, poor mobile app downloads, increasing consumer interest in ad revenue-killing ad-blockers, and WebMD's issues that may foretell Everyday's direction. But before management will be able to begin futile resuscitation efforts, we expect the stock to swoon to $3.50 per share. Important Disclosure: The owners of TheStreetSweeper hold a short position in EVDY and stand to profit on any future declines in the stock price. Editor's Note: As a matter of policy, TheStreetSweeper prohibits members of its editorial team from taking financial positions in the companies that they cover. To contact Sonya Colberg, the author of this story, please send an email to scolberg@thestreetsweeper.org. This article was written by Sonya Colberg for The Street Sweeper on Sep 22, 2016. This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 All-Time High in Russell 2000 ETF 2 CABLE TAKES IT ON THE CHIN 3 WHY HAR STOCK SURGED 25% ON MONDAY 4 GOLD Puts In Temporary Bottom 5 Where Did The Bulls Go? See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2016 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google gets more time to answer EU charges: official By Afp Published: 13:54 EST, 23 September 2016 | Updated: 13:54 EST, 23 September 2016 e-mail EU anti-trust authorities have granted US tech giant Google a few extra weeks to answer charges that it has abused its market dominance, an EU official told AFP on Friday. The Silicon Valley firm now has until October 13 to answer questions about its Google Shopping search engine, October 26 for its Adsense advertising business and October 31 for its Android mobile phone operating system. "In each of these cases, Google asked for additional time to review the documents in the case file," according to an official from the European Commission, the executive of the 28-nation union. There are now three European Uinion cases against Google in total, including the charges in April for its Android mobile phone operating system ©Justin Sullivan (Getty/AFP/File) "In line with normal practice, the commission analysed the reasons for the request and granted an extension allowing Google to fully exercise its rights of defence," the official told AFP. Brussels has accused Adsense of restricting some websites from displaying ads from Google's competitors. The EU has also recently beefed up its charge sheet in an earlier case against Google which alleges that the firm abused the dominance of its search engine for online shopping. There are now three EU cases against Google in total, with the EU having also filed charges in April against it for its Android mobile phone operating system. Google has already offered a general defence against the charges from the European Commission. Former Danish economy minister Margrethe Vestager has launched a series of EU anti-trust cases against US firms in the past two years, drawing complaints from Washington. Other EU investigations include cases against Starbucks, Amazon and McDonald's. Google's response will be the company's last chance to avoid sanctions, which could amount to fines up to 10 percent of the group's annual global sales or $7.4 billion based on their 2015 results. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS TOWIE star Kate Wright  displays her cleavage racy skintight bodysuit... as fans go wild for her stunning slimmer physique 'I didn't have my teenage years': Priscilla Presley admits Elvis NEVER saw her make-up free... as viewers marvel at her appearance at 71 Scarlett Moffatt displays her fuller figure in a bright pink busty bikini on holiday in Spain before her stunning three stone weight loss  Shout out to HER ex! TOWIE's Chloe Lewis is 'texting Luke Pasqualino after steamy snog at lingerie bash'... weeks after Perrie Edwards split Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in a pout patterned sweater while on promo tour for Allied  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED The apple doesn't fall far from the tree! Doting father Dan Osborne is joined by son Teddy as they pose in matching shirts for new menswear campaign 'Do you know who I am?': Jess Woodley is the 'biggest Made In Chelsea diva' according to co-stars Sam Thompson and Stephanie Pratt 'I just wanted to detox': Kendall Jenner reveals on Ellen she quit Instagram for break from social media... but admits she'll be back Not selfie-assured Gigi Hadid 'urges "immature" Perrie Edwards to get over Zayn'... as 'scrapped Little Mix lyrics speak of "f**king some model chick"' 'He said yes!' Ricky Martin announces his engagement to Arab artist Jwan Yosef Proudly showed off his engagement band on US TV 'You're a chauvinistic pig!': Geri Horner blasts director who wanted The Spice Girls to reveal more cleavage in feisty behind-the-scenes throwback video Police call off search for Charlie Sheen's children after being spotted at a car wash with mom Brooke Mueller hours after from turning up at a bar barefoot with them  'I will NEVER get back with her': Jeremy McConnell furiously denies a reconciliation with heavily pregnant ex Stephanie Davis after her health scare The day Luke Skywalker caught us: Carrie Fisher reveals Mark Hamill saw her at Harrison Ford's apartment Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'Happy birthday my angel': Adriana Lima goes all out for her daughter Valentina's 7th birthday with unicorn themed party 'Anything he can do, we can do better!' Bikini-clad Stacey Solomon mounts shirtless Joe Swash's back as they recreate Larry Lamb's I'm A Celeb squat feat Michelle Dockery strips off for VERY raunchy scene with chiseled co-star Juan Diego Botto in Good Behaviour Not such a lady now... What sorcery is this? The magical transformation of J.K. Rowling as Harry Potter author defies her years Looks better in her fifties than ever before EXCLUSIVE: Million Dollar Listing star James Harris reveals he is a recovering alcoholic and how his hard partying LA lifestyle threatened his marriage  EXCLUSIVE 'She was a bully': Laura Whitmore 'bombarded Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice with abusive texts saying he was no good' amid fall-out  Ashley James flaunts her ample bust and envy-inducing abs in a scanty pink bikini as she soaks up the sun in Malta Making most of last day Nip/Tuck star Julian McMahon, 48, takes a dip with wife Kelly Paniagua at Australian beach as he rocks 70s style moustache for new film Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth posts a tender throwback shot of her pregnant figure as she gushes over their baby boy Freddie Reign Looking back Easy rider! Liev Schreiber leaves his bicycle at home to zip around New York's wet streets on his scooter He is frequently seen pedalling around the city Not a hair out of place! Kim Murray keeps her immaculately-coiffed blow-dry in check but can barely contain her excitement as Andy storms to victory Charlotte Riley transforms into the Duchess of Cambridge complete with fine jewels and sweeping fringe as she films royal drama King Charles III Frank Ocean reveals he purposely did not submit album for Grammy consideration... after Kanye West vowed to boycott Kanye can go now... Stephanie Pratt confirms The Hills WAS scripted as she reveals just how 'real' reality television actually is  It was all scripted after all  MackinGOSH! Millie wows in a skimpy emerald swimsuit as she shows off her perky bust and never-ending legs in another sultry snap from Mauritius David and Victoria Beckham enjoy a romantic date night out as they head to one of London's top luxury hotels  Quality time together Smouldering Irina Shayk boosts her cleavage with sexy bralet as she showcases supermodel figure in lingerie-clad selfie Perfect match! Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila Alves coordinate in stylish coats for NYC outing The couple which dresses together... Defiant Honey G looks in high spirits at X Factor rehearsals... as Piers Morgan labels controversial rapper 'grotesque and diabolical' We're engaged! The Goonies child star Corey Feldman proposes to Canadian girlfriend Courtney Anne because he's worried Trump might deport her 'I was racing against the clock': The Black Eyed Peas' Taboo speaks about his secret cancer battle for first time Candid revelation   'It's good to shock your body': Kourtney Kardashian says she does 100 SQUATS every day before showering Ready for a cool down 'Christmas IS coming up!' Carol Vorderman bravely prepares to devour TURKEY TESTICLES in nauseating I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Trial 'I'm trying to be a good husband': Darren Day insists his love rat days are behind him as he embraces life as a devoted family man  Famed for his flings EXCLUSIVE 'I could look like a stuffed sausage': New mum Kristina Rihanoff admits she's worried about getting her post-baby body into skimpy outfits Look how they've changed! Young Nicole Kidman, Kylie Minogue and Russell Crowe are unrecognisable in 'Before They Were Famous' footage Emily Ratajkowski shows off incredibly perky posterior in thong swimsuit before treating pals to cheeky topless dance during beach break 'He's a classy guy': Val Kilmer reveals Michael Douglas has apologised after making 'misinformed' claim that the star had throat cancer 'When was the last time you had a good stick?' Carol Vorderman, 55, and Joel Dommett, 30, share a flirty innuendo about 'a sturdy shaft' What will Harry say? Prince's girlfriend Meghan Markle stars as anarchist's lover in a VERY gritty gangster movie Gritty new role EXCLUSIVE: She's been very naughty this year... Ola Jordan is red hot in festive lingerie as Jolly Old St. James urges lovers to use SEX TOYS this Christmas 'What's meant to be will always find a way...' Vicky Pattison plants kiss on hunky former flame... leading to reconciliation rumours after he jets to Oz 'She'll never get back together with him': Kourtney Kardashian is 'over' Scott Disick... despite the pair recently enjoying a luxury getaway to Mexico 'A** parade': Kourtney Kardashian shares very revealing image of sister Khloe in a bathing suit... then posts an equally naughty snap of herself 'I have nightmares about it': Fiona Phillips grows tearful as she discusses her mother and father's fatal battle with Alzheimer's disease Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama - a web of murder, sex and lies TV at its best Sofia Vergara's lawyer brands ex Nick Loeb's pro-life stance on former couple's frozen embryos 'a bid to gain public exposure' Have hit back Is that you, Barbie? Iggy Azalea flaunts her surgically-enhanced chest by going BRALESS under an open blazer at the GQ Men of the Year Awards 'Thanks to all the great women who make us men truly what we': Chris Hemsworth shows his sensitive side as he receives GQ Man Of The Year 2016 So what really happened onboard Flight Brangelina? FAA audio reveals NO fight was reported - despite claims Brad 'lunged' at son Maddox An A-list date night: Kate Beckinsale cosies up to Pierce Brosnan as they film romantic new scenes for The Only Living Boy In New York What a duo! Move over Cookie! Rumer Willis glows in black and white at premiere as she lands role in the third season of Empire Just like her mum Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Bloomin' sexy! Karrueche Tran flaunts her toned tum in a cropped floral bardot top and matching maxi-skirt at art event What a petal 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a £43 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess TOWIE's Chloe Sims upstages cousin Frankie Essex at her DVD launch as she displays eye-popping cleavage in a daringly low-cut gown Stealing the limelight 'People asked if I was pregnant again': Giovanna Fletcher says she was body-shamed FIVE MONTHS after birth... and urges others be less judgemental April Love Geary, 21, posts more sizzling bikini snaps from Necker Island but remains tight-lipped over 'secret marriage' to Robin Thicke, 39 'I'm still still pinching myself': Britain's first transgender newsreader India Willoughby set to make her debut as Loose Women panellist 'It saved my life': Corrie's Sally Dynevor admits cancer storyline helped her own diagnosis and reveals excitement at Helen Flanagan's return Newly flame-haired Bella Thorne bares her abs after gym session with her 'twin' sister Dani Now that's a red hot new look 'Go eat your broccoli!': Piers Morgan cheekily teases Joe Wicks fans after quipping to the fitness guru that he hates vegetables Never one to hold back Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman gag as they battle through stomach-churning I'm A Celeb Big Bush Bake Off trial 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague Lottie Moss shows off her tanned and toned legs in a plunging pink playsuit as she makes early morning exit from London nightclub Legs be having you 'She cared about her career and never lost her femininity': Amal Clooney reveals her mother is her biggest role model at the Texas Conference For Women Cat Deeley puts on a leggy display in a thigh-grazing pair of shorts as she heads to a pampering session Certainly loving the LA lifestyle Dashing good looks! Hollywood hottie Scott Eastwood cuts a suave figure as he leads the arrivals at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards in Sydney Well-suited! Ian Thorpe takes to the red carpet with beau Ryan Channing at GQ Australia's Men Of The Year Awards Red carpet romance Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  A bedroom far, far away 'Has anyone made David disappear yet?': Victoria Beckham begs David Blaine to make husband vanish in a puff of smoke on TV special That's magic Make-up free Jennifer Garner, 44, shows off youthful good looks and endless legs as she enjoys lunch with Alias co-star Victor Garber Looked lovely One Direction... to the bar! Dapper Niall Horan heads to The Nice Guy with a pretty female pal as he continues to enjoy LA life  Best night ever? Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Vampy in velvet! Emma Watson stuns in black dress for Museum Of Modern Art benefit in NYC honoring Tom Hanks Style sensation That's a bit tight! Ireland Baldwin puts on eye-popping display in a TINY bikini top for series of selfies What would dad Alec say? The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London No time to sleep! Britney Spears keeps fans awake as she releases new single Slumber Party at midnight    She's back! Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne opt for casual chic outfits while shopping together at Los Angeles flea market Grown very close in recent months Wildest Dreams! Taylor Swift tops Forbes richest celebs under 30 list with $170 million in ONE YEAR... more than double her nearest rival  She still on top No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere An early Christmas present! Christina Hendricks flaunts her formidable bust in tight dress at Bad Santa 2 premiere Sending the men mad Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Seeing red! Amy Adams and lookalike ginger Isla Fisher stock up for the holidays at Beverly Hills gifting suite Red-dy to party  Double date! Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson hang with longtime friends Steven Spielberg and Kate Capshaw at MOMA tribute to actor Power couples Fabulous at 47! Supermodel Christy Turlington looks elegant in black and diamonds at Tom Hanks MOMA tribute in NYC Always in fashion Poppy Delevingne puts on vibrant display of color as she attends MOMA Film Benefit in sleeveless patterned dress Bright young thing Is she fur real? Lady Gaga wears MASSIVE furry pelt as she pampers herself at Epione Salon in Beverly Hills Made an entrance Laughing out loud! Sarah Paulson has director David O. Russell in fits of giggles as they walk the red carpet for his Past Forward premiere  Girl time! Michelle Williams is attached at the hip with gal pal Busy Philipps...after talking about daughter Matilda's 'petting zoo' Out and about 'I remember feeling very insignificant': Emma Stone wows at La La Land premiere... as she reveals film depicts her worst audition experiences Demi Moore, 54, looks frozen in time as she shows off line-free complexion at screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Looked amazing Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Couples dressing! Kate Mara and boyfriend Jamie Bell are a chic pair in complementary looks at the premiere of Past Forward Prince's record label sues Jay-Z and Tidal for 'streaming all of the late singers music without permission'  Has been streaming since June Allison Williams strikes a flirty pose in floral patterned frock at special Los Angeles screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  'Due to the current climate': Alicia Keys switches from new single to political song Holy War on The Voice The 35-year-old singer got political 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Having a clear out Flower power! Michelle Monaghan clings to summer in pretty floral dress... as she attends her THIRD event in one night  Mellow yellow Alexa Chung flaunts her lithe legs in a quirky leather mini-dress as she attends MOMA film benefit in NYC Now that's one way to ruffle the arts crowd Tutu beautiful! Karlie Kloss stuns in ballerina-inspired black mini dress at Art Party in NYC Always a red carpet regular Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Telling you how to do it Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD 'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Google and Salesforce are reportedly interested in buying Twitter Google’s Daydream virtual reality development kit is now available Google made this cake to celebrate Android’s 8th birthday Rose Behar September 23, 2016 1:35pm This week marks Android’s eighth birthday, and, much like it has in past years, Google plans to deliver a surprise treat to users as a way to mark the occasion. Last year, Google released three Android themed wallpapers that featured tasty treats associated with past versions of the OS. This year, the Android Twitter account teased tomorrow’s surprise with a picture that shows the Android mascot stirring eggs next to a number of Kit Kat bars, marshmallows, and nougat bars. Although Google has picked September 24 to celebrate Android’s birthday, the day it co-announced availability of the G1 with T-Mobile, there is some disagreement as to what date actually constitutes the operating system’s true anniversary. Some say it should November 5, 2007, the day that Google told the world that it was working on the platform, while others go prefer October 22, 2008, the day that T-Mobile released the HTC G1. In Canada, however, Android was first seen on the HTC Dream. Below is a blast from the past: our hands-on with the Dream, and first time inspecting an Android device. Update – September 24: Well, Google announced it would celebrate with “something sweet” and it sure did. While nothing coming to your Android device, Google stated on Twitter, “8 epic years. Naturally, we’re celebrating with some of our favorite treats.” The cake is covered with all the Android OS versions: Cupcake, Donut, Eclair, Froyo, Gingerbread, Honeycomb, Ice Cream Sandwich, Jelly Bean, KitKat, Lollipop, Marshmallow, and Nougat. SourceTwitter vn33 I’ll celebrate if they offer some discounts in the Play store .. Apps, movies, books (etc) Mo Dabbas I download appsale app. You can visit it regularly for app discounts. Like yesterday they discounted deus ex go which I bought and will check out on the weekend. ConcertMaster Actually they frequently have sales on the Play Store already. I’ve received invites for $5 off books, free album downloads up a certain dollar amount and $.99 movie rentals on new releases. Unorthodox I still have that phone. Mo Dabbas Maybe they’ll put the pixel tablets and nexus phones for free that day? Ok. I know this is too good to happen Tim3Tripp3r Former Droid 2 Global owner here, great phone BTW. Syaz Come on Google Home! Ali F. I had HTC Touch Diamond with Bell, it had windows 6.5, I flashed android 1.5 on it. Old days. Garrett Cooper I had one of those and did the same thing lol. St. Misery How about nougat for my Nexus 6? That would be sweet. FireStream it’s out , check the google page for it :3 ConcertMaster Big deal Geesus! What a cheapass outfit Google is Markwebb If it were Apple, they would charge you to download it! Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google Wifi router detailed as daisy-chain mesh machine Chris Burns - Sep 23, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit A rumor has surfaced about the next device in Google’s oncoming collection of Pixel and Pixel-friendly machines. This one goes by the name Google Wifi, and it’ll be a Wi-fi router the likes of which we’ve sort-of seen before. Google’s released what we might classify as a test run of this device before in the Google OnHub for Google On and Google Home. Now it would appear that the device – or something very similar – will do something ever-so-slightly different and will cost a bit less. The most interesting detail on this router isn’t its price point. It’s the ability to link multiple units together, wirelessly, to make one’s own Wi-Fi network bigger. Our entire mega-mansion can have Wi-fi now, wowie! This would potentially be great for people who live in especially long apartments and/or very old living units with lead-filled walls (or what seem to be lead-filled walls because of lack of connectivity between rooms. ABOVE: Illustration is not necessarily indicative of final product. Whether or not users will want to own both an OnHub and a Google Wifi isn’t yet entirely clear. According to Android Police, the Google Wifi will be appearing on the 4th of October right alongside the rest of the big hardware-day event devices Google is set to unveil. That makes two Google Pixel phones, a Wi-fi router, a new Chromecast device, and the entire Google Home network. This sounds more like a major event in Google’s history each new device and/or service that pops up. Have a peek at our very recent look at how Google’s next move could be industry-changing. Android fans everywhere seem to be crossing their fingers that Google finally buckles down and creates their own devices to compete on an iPhone-like level, making the software universe far more cohesive. What do you think about that, developers and readers? Story Timeline Google Maps dot now uses a beam to show your direction Google quietly removes “Google Now” references in Search app Google Allo released with iMessage's biggest mistake Google Pixel phones tipped to barely have water resistance With Google Pixel, the Android promise fulfilled, at last! Google VR SDK out of beta just in time for Oct 4 event Twitter may soon receive buyout offers from Google and Salesforce Tags AndroidChromecastgoogleGoogle HomeGoogle OnGoogle OnHubPhonesroutersmartphoneWireless Router Must Read Bits & Bytes Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review Latest Headlines The Mercedes-Maybach S 650 Cabriolet is kinda ridiculous Nov 16, 2016 Google Earth enters the world of VR with new Steam app Nov 16, 2016 America is finally ready for the 2018 Audi A5 and S5 Sportback Nov 16, 2016 Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions Nov 16, 2016 Nintendo gives escape rooms a Zelda twist in new US tour Nov 16, 2016 Latest Reviews Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE 9 tools to help you succeed with Google SERP features Columnist Jordan Kasteler notes that strong search performance requires more than just ranking well in organic results. The tools listed here can enhance your existing listings and help you to appear in other places on the search results pages. Jordan Kasteler on September 22, 2016 at 9:30 am More It’s no secret that Google is in a constant state of change. The “ten blue links” that used to comprise a search engine results page (SERP) are diminishing in importance, and new features are becoming more essential with every passing month. From image results and local packs to site links and knowledge panels, Google is reshaping search marketing. Clearly, focusing only on your website is no longer effective. Ranking higher than your competitor in Google’s organic rankings is less meaningful if that competitor is displayed in, say, an answer box. The current name of the SEO game is acquiring as much page real estate on the SERPs as possible. For example, a best-case scenario for search would be to do well in AdWords results, land a featured snippet, get a spot in a local pack and rank high in the organic listings. It also helps to have a presence in the Knowledge Graph and be seen in video snippets, images and news feeds that show up on Google. To really create a competitive edge in this changing SEO landscape, don’t hesitate to get a little help from some friends — and by friends, I mean tools that help you leverage SERP features. Here are a few such tools that can sharpen your SEO sword: 1. Yotpo’s Search Enhancements Do you work in e-commerce? If so, you’ll definitely want to look into Yotpo, which focuses on integrating reviews into your website for greater SERP visibility. Its helpful, SERP-enhacing features include: inline SEO: Includes reviews as part of a website’s content. The goal is to give an online store fresher content and a wider variety of potential keywords to rank for. Google Product Listing Ads with product ratings: Yotpo can help your Google Shopping and search results display product ratings, which can make your listing stand out from the competition. rich snippets: Yotpo helps an online business become more visible on SERPs through review and rating rich snippets.   2. Google’s Structured Data Testing Tool Structured data is one element that really revs up today’s SEO. Because it labels a website’s data to make the website look better to Google, structured data boosts visibility and helps skyrocket traffic. Although Google doesn’t consider it mandatory for high ranking, using structured data is certainly recommended. Are you using structured data effectively? Are there any errors that need to be fixed in your schema markup? The good news is that you don’t even have to ask these questions. Google’s Structured Data Testing Tool will tell you if anything is out of place, making it easy for you to fix any issues. Want to learn more? Here’s a useful guide. 3. Data Highlighter This ultra-handy webmaster tool “teaches” Google about how you structure your website’s data. It lets you quickly and easily tag your site’s data fields so Google can better display your website in as many SERP features as possible. 4. Schema-friendly WordPress themes To really make your SEO activities much easier, do yourself a favor and take advantage of the many free WordPress themes with schema markup built right in. There are schema-friendly themes for many kinds of industries, formats and blog platforms. When creating a blog, compare blog sites to know the best fit for you. 5. Schema markup WordPress plugins Also, as you may have suspected, several schema markup plugins are available. A few of them include: Schema App Structured Data: This tool allows you to edit your WordPress site’s schema markup directly, even if you have zero coding knowledge. WP Rich Snippets: This is an excellent plugin to explore if you run a review site. It helps you mark up your content so your site will be as accessible as possible to Google. All In One Schema.org Rich Snippets: As its rather long name implies, this handy tool helps you quickly and easily add rich snippet data to your website.   6. Moz Pro’s Advanced SERP Feature Tracking Moz offers an excellent tool to help you stay aware of the vast SERP feature environment. They market their Advanced SERP Feature Tracking tool as containing the most comprehensive data set on the market. This tool provides analysis of featured snippets, image packs, in-depth articles, local packs, knowledge cards and knowledge panels, site links and more. 7. Rank Ranger’s Google SERP Features Tool Rank Ranger’s SERP Features Tool tracks the presences of various SERP features over time. How often is a particular feature appearing? Is its presence within the SERPs generally increasing or decreasing? According to Range Ranker: This free research tool can be used to benchmark and explore the presence and trending of Knowledge Graphs, Ads, Images, Local Pack, News Pack, Related Search and Organic Results counts, plus special page indicators (e.g., breadcrumbs, events, HTTPs, ratings, notable online, image and video thumbnails, search box, sitelinks, Twitter pack, etc.) Rank Ranger also provides a helpful guide to all the existing Google SERP features, including visual examples of each, here. 8. STAT This is an excellent tool for discovering if any of your keywords trigger SERP features such as answer boxes. STAT tracks 20,000 websites and 218,000 consumer products daily. 9. SEMrush SEMrush is useful when you need competitive data. Use it to find out if the keywords your competitors rank for trigger any SERP features like featured snippets, local packs, Knowledge Graph panels, Google News and so on. Don’t go it alone! Effective marketing has always been a complex endeavor, and Google’s constant innovations don’t make things any easier. But with change and innovation comes progress. Scott Lazerson Staying current with SEO best practices will only give you a competitive advantage, and that’s where these tools come into play. To be the best SEO practitioner, always be on the lookout for valuable tools that can make you more proficient. Experiment every day, use the apps that work for you, and know when to abandon the ones that aren’t improving your processes. Just like a good mentor, new tools can help you reach higher levels of success. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Jordan Kasteler Jordan Kasteler is a freelance marketing consultant, entrepreneur. Passionately innovating status quo. He has a history of entrepreneurship co-founding and serving positions in such companies as BlueGlass Interactive, an Internet marketing agency and SteelCast, a tech incubator housing several other self-started companies. His work experience ranges from in-house SEO at Overstock.com, marketing strategy at PETA, and to agency-level SEO. Jordan is also an international conference speaker, blogger, and book author of A to Z: Social Media Marketing. Related Articles Google updates local reviews schema guidelines 4 things you didn’t know about rich snippets 10 factors that may be impacting your organic traffic What's new with markup & structured data All Things SEO ColumnChannel: SEOSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO & SEM ToolsSEO: Crawling and RobotsSEO: Structured Data & Schema.org Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Tech MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Rare Snapshots of Marilyn Monroe Reveal the Star’s Lighter Side Tom Hanks Has a Post-Election Message for America Twitter Makes ‘Great Purge’ of Alt-Right Accounts Female Circumcision Must Be Replaced With More Empowering Practices You Asked: What Does My Period Blood Say About Me? All Content Three WWII Ships Mysteriously Vanish from Deep Below the Sea England Soccer Team Celebrates Goal With a Mannequin Challenge There’s a Startling Increase in Major Depression Among Teens in the U.S. Oxford’s Word of the Year for 2016 Is ‘Post-Truth’ Google’s AI Game Can Guess What You Are Drawing TIME Tech apps Google Allo vs. Apple iMessage vs. Facebook Messenger: How They Compare Lisa Eadicicco @lisaeadicicco Sept. 23, 2016 SHARE Which is the best messaging app? + READ ARTICLE The messaging apps you likely use each day, like Apple’s iMessage and Facebook Messenger, have changed dramatically over the past few months. These apps, primarily designed for simple conversation, are gradually evolving into platforms for more complex messaging and outside services. The shift can be compared to the move from mobile webpages to apps that took place once smartphones like the iPhone rose in popularity nearly a decade ago. Google’s new messaging app Allo, for example, integrates the company’s search prowess directly into text conversations. Apple recently launched an entire store just for apps meant to be used within its messaging app, iMessage. And Facebook earlier this year invited companies to design their own chat bots for its Messenger app, which help you shop or book travel plans. Apple, Google, and Facebook’s messaging apps serve similar purposes, but in different ways. Here’s a closer look at how they differ. Google Allo Lisa Eadicicco Allo’s biggest asset is its integration with Google Assistant, the company’s conversational new virtual aid that can answer questions and make suggestions. Allo offers two ways to interact with Google Assistant. In a messaging thread, typing the trigger phrase “@google” will tell the assistant to pay attention to the next string of text you type so that it can answer your query. When making plans with a friend, you might type something like, “@google Show me movie times near me?” to display upcoming showings. You can also chat with Google Assistant one-on-one to ask it questions, set alarms, tell jokes, find news, and remember information like hotel room numbers, among other things. At this point, Google Assistant adds some convenience to texting by making it easier to retrieve information without having to juggle multiple apps. But for now, it’s only helpful for basic tasks. For finding more complicated answers — like public transportation schedules — you’re still better off using a dedicated search app or web browser. A crucial difference between Allo and the messaging apps offered by Apple and Facebook is that it doesn’t yet offer third-party apps, although Google is considering doing so in the future. With Allo, you can hunt for nearby restaurants and browse movie times without leaving a text conversation, but you can’t book a table or buy tickets for now. While many texting apps and keyboards can suggest words as you type, Allo goes a step farther by offering up full replies based on the message you’ve just received. If a sibling sends you a photo of the family dog, Allo might suggest that you say something like “Aww!” or “How cute!” in response. This artificial intelligence-powered feature is part of what makes Allo different than iMessage or Facebook Messenger. These suggestions are on point and natural-sounding for the most part, but I found that in most instances I preferred to type out my own responses unless I was in a rush. Stickers and expression are also an important part of the Allo experience. There are currently around 25 sticker packs available to download in Allo, which is an especially slim selection compared to the 6,000 sticker collections Facebook Messenger offers. Apple hasn’t said how many stickers are currently available for iMessage, but there are dozens upon dozens in the App Store already. These range from recognizable brand-name characters like Mickey Mouse and Mario to cute animals. The stickers in Allo, comparatively, are made by independent artists and studios. Allo also has an Incognito Mode, which, as the name implies, is meant to offer more privacy for sensitive conversations. With Incognito Mode enabled, all chats are encrypted end-to-end. You can also choose to make your messages disappear after a certain amount of time has passed. This is similar to the Secret Conversations feature available in Facebook Messenger’s mobile app. However, many reviewers have criticized Google for not activating this functionality by default, as Apple does with iMessage. Google also stores your Allo conversation history, even though it said it wouldn’t look at your messages when it initially unveiled the app, as The Verge noted. (Google says it does this in order to improve its service, but the company’s advertising-based business model is built around knowing as much about its users as possible.) Unlike Messenger and iMessage, Allo is only available on mobile, for both iOS and Android. This means you can’t continue your chats on your computer while at work or get notifications on your desktop or laptop like you can with Apple and Facebook’s respective apps. Apple iMessage Lisa Eadicicco When Apple unveiled the new Apple TV last year, the company did so with the tagline “The future of TV is apps.” Now it seems the company is taking the same approach to messaging. The new version of iMessage, which recently launched with iOS 10, includes an App Store filled with apps just for Apple’s messaging app. You could, for example, download The Weather Channel’s app for iMessage to look up the forecast and share it with a friend without switching between apps. Or you might have a few friends vote on which restaurant the group should choose for dinner that night through OpenTable. Apple’s approach to messaging differs from those of Google and Facebook in that it doesn’t focus on the “conversational interface.” This idea has been front and center in both Facebook and Google’s respective apps. Part of the appeal behind Allo, for example, is that you can ask Google to answer questions or retrieve information for you in the same way you would type a message to a friend. Similarly, thousands of businesses have launched chatbots for Facebook Messenger with the goal of making it easier to use their services through casual communication. But using apps in iMessage largely feels the same as interacting with other apps on your phone, rather than chatting with a virtual assistant or automated bot. You can choose to open an app within the text field of your message or expand it to run in full screen mode. iMessage has changed in other ways, too. In addition to the new stickers, Apple has added visual effects that Facebook and Google’s apps lack. Some examples include: The ability to send handwritten notes by holding the phone in landscape mode, tapping a word or phrase to replace it with an emoji, and sending a virtual heartbeat to recipient. Another feature unique to iMessage is the ability to send full screen animations with a text, like a barrage of fireworks in the backdrop of a message that says “Congratulations.” iMessage also allows users to send blurred text or photos that unscramble when the recipient swipes over the message. With the new iMessage, it’s possible to make text bubbles larger or smaller, (Allo offers a similar effect), and tap on a specific in a message within a thread to ‘react’ to it, like you would a Facebook status. Plus, iMessage users can now search for animated GIFs and images with the iPhone’s keyboard by default. Apple’s service is only available on Apple products, including iPhones, iPads, Mac computers, and iPod Touch devices. Facebook Messenger Lisa Eadicicco Facebook began integrating third-party services into its chat app before Apple and Google, first introducing Messenger as a Platform in 2015. Facebook took this a step further in April, inviting app makers to create chatbots for its messaging app. There are currently more than 30,000 bots on Facebook Messenger, allowing users to shop, get weather forecasts, and read the news within the app. When done well, using bots in Messenger almost feels like having personal assistants for specific tasks. The Whole Foods bot, for example, serves up recipe ideas. Shopping app Spring’s bot, meanwhile, will ask you what you’re shopping for and pull up relevant items. The experience is different with each bot. Some will proactively ask you what need help with, while others field questions or send news updates. What each bot does is largely in the hands of their developers rather than Facebook, which is why some bots are more responsive and engaging than others. By contrast, the Google Assistant experience is consistent since Google is in full control. In addition to chatbots, Facebook also lets third-party apps plug into Messenger. These are different than chatbots in that they’re not conversational, instead working more like iMessage apps. You can, for instance, request an Uber or Lyft when chatting with a friend or send money through Facebook’s payment service without leaving your conversation. Some of these options appear in your in the tool bar above the text field in Messenger, while a larger selection is accessible in the More section. Many of the app integrations currently available for Messenger include different types of keyboards, games, quizzes, and photo apps. Other than its massive sticker library and selection of third party keyboards, Facebook doesn’t offer many different tools for expression. You can’t, for example, add full-screen animations to a message or tap a word to replace it with an emoji the way you can with iMessage. It did, however, recently gain the ability to start a live video in a conversation and embed polls in group chats. Facebook Messenger is available for iOS and Android and can also be used on the desktop. Conclusion Ultimately, most people will probably opt for the messaging platform that’s most convenient for them. Most often, that’s the app that most of their friends and family members are currently using. This is where Apple and Facebook have a major advantage over Allo. iMessage is baked into every iPhone by default, while Facebook’s Messenger app is among the largest messaging services in the world, boasting 1 billion users. With Allo, Google will have to convince users to download a new app they likely haven’t heard of. Still, there are reasons to like (or dislike) each app. The ability to search for GIFs and stickers alone is a major step forward for iMessage, which has lagged behind apps like Facebook Messenger in this respect until now. The overall app experience in iMessage, from discovering new apps to actually using them, feels very much like installing regular apps on your iPhone, which Apple fans will likely appreciate. Messenger, on the other hand, appears to be focused on building the conversational user interface by pushing developers to create chatbots for its platform. It’s still early days for these bots, and the vast majority of them still have yet to prove their worth. Regardless, it’s clear Facebook is focused on messaging, as the app has seen several significant changes over the past year alone. For now, the app’s ease of use and vast selection of stickers remain its biggest strengths. Allo has potential, but for now it feels more like a testbed for Google Assistant more than anything else. The idea of having a virtual assistant present in chats to help you make plans with friends is helpful and appealing, but it does present some privacy concerns. For now, the lack of third party app integration and desktop compatibility puts Allo behind Messenger and iMessage, although it will be interesting to see how Google Assistant improves over time. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE What’s the Google AdWords Health Score and how is it different from existing tools? AdWords recently released a Health Score feature that 'grades' your account, but is it just a rip-off of an existing free performance grader? Columnist Larry Kim compares. Larry Kim on September 23, 2016 at 9:33 am More Here’s a crazy new idea: Imagine a tool that analyzes your AdWords account and grades you based on your performance. OK, it’s not so crazy. Or new. My company, WordStream, has provided a free AdWords Performance Grader for over five years now. But here’s what is new: A feature is now available in some (not all) AdWords accounts called an AdWords Account Health Score. The new feature was first spotted by Chris Whyatt at Receptional and subsequently written up by Ginny Marvin for Search Engine Land. A lot of people on Twitter have been asking me: How is AdWords’ own health score different from WordStream’s performance grader? Let’s take a look. Your Google AdWords Health Score: What is it? The AdWords Health Score is a feature adoption checklist for select campaigns in an account. The campaign/account score is based on how many of the recommendations you complete. As the screen shot above illustrates, these 14 recommendations include: Add callout extensions; Use conversion tracking; Add negative keywords; Add sitelink extensions; Show ads on Google search partners; and Use a recommended daily budget So Google’s health evaluation is based on how much you’re leveraging the AdWords platform features. Every time you implement one of those features, your score goes up by a few percentage points. Does getting to 100 percent make you a winner? The account health score is a great way for Google to increase awareness or remind advertisers about all the awesome features the robust AdWords platform provides. This health score might even encourage greater adoption of those features. How WordStream’s Grader scores accounts WordStream’s definition of AdWords health is different from Google’s. What we’re doing is comparing your account performance (click-through rates, Quality Scores and so on) to other similar accounts out there, based on your spend range, industry, sub-industry and location. Here’s an example of our Quality Score Optimization comparison: In this case, Ben Malkin at Razor Creations is doing an absolutely killer job at optimizing CTR (click-through rate) and Quality Scores for his industry/location. The 99-percent grade is a percentile score. He’s the unicorn in a sea of donkeys. The WordStream AdWords Grader is less about what you are (or are not) doing, but how you are doing. That is the key difference. One score (WordStream’s) provides context to advertisers. The other score (AdWords’) is a best-practice check. Conclusion Is Google’s Health Score a rip-off of WordStream’s Performance Grader, as suggested in various stories? Not based on our review. The only similarity between what Google is testing and what we’ve provided to our clients for years is that we’re scoring advertisers. That’s it. The way we generate our grades is quite different from how Google generates their scores. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Larry Kim Larry Kim is founder and CTO of WordStream, provider of the AdWords Grader and 20 Minute PPC Work Week. Related Articles Google tests showing an overall Health Score for AdWords accounts 11 Things To Do Now To Keep Your AdWords Healthy In 2016 Start The New Year With A PPC Health Check: Part 1 Start The New Year With A PPC Health Check: Part 2 Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsPaid Search ColumnSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Industry Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE Search in Pics: Google pills, sleep cot & Elle Exxe performs Barry Schwartz on September 23, 2016 at 9:48 am More In this week’s Search In Pictures, here are the latest images culled from the web, showing what people eat at the search engine companies, how they play, who they meet, where they speak, what toys they have and more. Google pills: Source: Instagram Google Doodle postcards: Source: Twitter Google sleep cot: Source: Instagram Google Chrome magic sphere: Source: Instagram Musical artist, Elle Exxe on Google NYC’s rooftop: Source: Facebook About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Channel: IndustrySearch In Pictures Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE Plan device-specific user experience strategies with Google AdWords’ bid modifier Google recently announced some changes to the way bid adjustments works in AdWords. Columnist Thomas Stern explains how this might affect your device-specific bidding strategies. Thomas Stern on September 23, 2016 at 10:11 am More Recently, Google began rolling out an update that will reopen the doors to device-specific campaigns — specifically, this change allows you to set individual bid adjustments for each device type (smartphone, tablet, desktop). In other words, you will now have full control over informing AdWords whether desktop, mobile or tablet is the priority for each campaign. With a new way to better control complex account structures and bidding strategies, marketers now have additional means to segment meaningful data and begin to integrate new optimization strategies where they fit best. With this new change, PPC managers must ask themselves if it’s time to change their approach to bidding entirely, as this new latitude given for device modifiers allows for marketers to segment by user experience with device-specific strategies. Moreover, brands that have a majority of their customers interacting with their ads on mobile devices may need to think about mobile strategies at a more granular level, in addition to their typical desktop optimizations. It may be tempting to now split out all your campaigns into more granular mobile-, desktop- and tablet-specific campaigns — but an important aspect for marketers to keep in mind is efficiency. Can we say that getting more granular with the targeting across campaigns will increase the return on investment? In this article, we intend to shed some light on that topic and inform marketing optimization strategies for paid search. Leverage audience behavior shifts to improve campaign performance It’s no surprise that Google updated enhanced campaigns. Considering that mobile traffic has surpassed desktop traffic on their search engine, it no longer makes sense for mobile bids to be anchored to desktop and tablet bids. Additionally, savvy marketers have already been tracking performance changes that are undoubtedly showing mobile traffic dominance in terms of click volume. There have always been reasons to split up campaigns in an effort to increase segmentation and push performance. Because behavior varies across devices, it is necessary to consider device-specific segmentation as a more fully realized option now that the capability is available to marketers within AdWords. Some changes may be obvious: If mobile is performing significantly better than your campaign’s average CPA (cost per action), and desktop is performing significantly worse, your next testing action would be to increase bids on mobile devices while decreasing bids on desktop. In other scenarios, the balance between efficiency and an acceptable return on investment needs to be entirely attached to performance goals. Match paid search ads with landing page strategies Mobile-specific content and marketing campaigns make the best case for segmenting the campaign and bidding strategy by device. This is mainly because mobile devices provide a completely unique experience versus desktop and even tablet devices. Having a mobile device in hand enables users to take action more quickly, so a simple call-to-action and tap-to-call functionality can encourage a phone call. People on mobile devices tend to digest information and make decisions more quickly, too. As a result, landing pages need to be crafted to be further down the sales funnel with simplified content. Any campaign involving store visits may also benefit from both mobile-friendly content and ad campaigns, like digital coupons or restaurant reservations. In this scenario, mobile may well drive more valuable activity than other devices. Additionally, on smaller screens, bidding strategies must adjust to stay visible. On desktop devices, visibility remains within the top three or four positions, but on mobile devices, the best visibility is constrained to the top two positions. For campaigns which require destinations to long-form content landing pages, there may be scenarios where desktop is optimal. Some of the most important pages that aid in decision-making are information-heavy; a web page experience may not be as digestible on mobile devices as it is on desktop devices. This is especially true for users who are in the research phase of the buying cycle. Consumers in this phase will go through many unique pages to help inform their purchase decisions — particularly for complex purchases like computers or vehicles. Conclusion Though day-to-day campaign management may not change much with this update, the capabilities for future campaigns have expanded. You have additional options to tune performance by device to enable more focused strategies. AdWords typically works better with consolidated campaigns, so it’s more than likely that you already have a system in place to succeed with device bid adjustments. Consider implementing device-specific paid search strategies where the performance is sure to improve. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Thomas Stern Thomas Stern leads client strategy and solution development as SVP of Client Services at ZOG Digital. He has over 10 years of digital marketing experience through a range of industries like retail, insurance and travel/hospitality. He has been featured in numerous digital marketing publications, has received graduate level internet marketing education and is a board member of Search Engine Marketing Professional Organization (SEMPO) Arizona. Follow us on Twitter @ZOGDigital. Related Articles Google AdWords to break up tablet & desktop and enable a mobile base bid Well played, Google: Advertisers (finally) get more device bidding controls How to use device bid adjustments, straight from Google Google expanded text ads are live, and device bidding & responsive ads for native roll out Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsPaid Search ColumnSearch MarketingSearch Marketing: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Robotics AI Is Taking Control of Project Loon Google thinks a computer is up to the task of flying its balloons through the stratosphere. by Jamie Condliffe September 23, 2016 Google’s giant white Internet-delivering balloons have been floating through the skies for several years now. And because they’ve been collecting data on how best to pilot them all the while, the company has now decided to let artificial intelligence take control. Wired reports that the engineering team behind Google’s Project Loon is going to move away from using control algorithms that are hard-coded, and instead use machine learning to understand how best to stick to a desired flight path. Navigating a balloon through the stratosphere autonomously is a very different task from getting a car to drive through a city by itself. For starters, there’s only one way to control the balloons: pump a little extra air in or out in order to have the balloon rise or fall. That’s it. And with weather conditions in the stratosphere often creating a rough ride, there’s large scope for error. But an AI system can keep analyzing new data to improve how to react to conditions in a way that a hard-coded algorithm can’t, comparing the actual flightpath to the intended one for a given decision. And that kind of automation also frees the team up to work on other problems. Like, for instance, the huge amounts of red tape that seem to be getting in the way of using these kinds of aircraft to deliver Internet connections. Facebook is also coming up against similar legal problems with its huge solar-powered drone, and in fact both companies are working together to surmount the issue. But they’ll need more than AI to solve that problem. (Read more: Wired, “Alphabet and Facebook’s Stratospheric Internet Plans Get Tangled in High-Altitude Red Tape,” “Project Loon,” “Project Loon Head Details How the Balloons Interact”) Learn more about AI at EmTech Digital 2017. Register now From Our Advertisers In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? In partnership with Google Analytics Data Analytics and Machine Learning: Driving Speed to Insight Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Project Loon, Alphabet, Google, AI, machine learning, EmTech 2016, Alphabet, Google, EmTech Digital 2017, MIT Technology Review Events Credit Photograph by btwashburn | Flickr Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Robotics Smart machines are beginning to speak to us and act on their own. China’s Driverless Trucks Are Revving Their Engines Several companies are taking advantage of the lack of restrictions on testing autonomous vehicles in China. by Will Knight The Best of the Physics arXiv (week ending November 12, 2016) This week’s most thought-provoking papers from the Physics arXiv. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv The Future of Artificial Intelligence and Cybernetics In this article excerpt, a British researcher discusses why AI and cybernetics are moving beyond the realm of science fiction—but warns that the technologies also raise significant ethical questions. by Kevin Warwick, Coventry University More from Robotics The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED ABOUT A MINUTE AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Business Briefing / Email Hack Not What Yahoo Needed Certifications that stand out Big Email Hack Doesn't Exactly Send the Message Yahoo Needed By Michael Liedtke PUBLISHED: SEPTEMBER 23 2016 Yahoo has been struggling for years to keep people coming back to its digital services such as email. That challenge just got more daunting after hackers stole sensitive information from at least 500 million accounts. The startling breach disclosed Thursday is believed to be the largest to hit a single email provider. The security breakdown risks magnifying Yahoo's preexisting problems -- specifically, that it is losing users, traffic and the advertising revenue that follows both, to rivals such as Google and Facebook. Some snarky online commentators quipped that the hack would have been far more devastating if people actually still used the company's services. While there's some truth to that observation, millions around the world still rely on Yahoo mail and other services, and are now potentially at risk of identity theft or worse. Losing Users And if these people give up on Yahoo as a result, the consequences for the company itself -- now scheduled to become part of Verizon as soon as its $4.8 billion deal closes -- could also be dire. "Yahoo may very well be facing an existential crisis," said Corey Williams, senior director of products and marketing at the computer security firm Centrify. Yahoo was already facing a steep decline in email traffic, despite CEO Marissa Mayer's efforts to upgrade the service in order to foster more user loyalty. In July, 161 million people worldwide used Yahoo email on personal computers, a 30 percent decline from the same time in 2014, when the breach first occurred. That's according to the latest data from the research firm comScore. By contrast, Google's rival Gmail service saw desktop users rise 9 percent to nearly 429 million over the same period. The email breach raises questions about Yahoo's ability to maintain secure and effective services, particularly since it's been laying off staff and trimming expenses to counter a steep drop in revenue over the past eight years. At the time of the break-in, Yahoo's security team was led by Alex Stamos, a respected industry executive who left last year to take a similar job at Facebook. Once More Unto the Breach Yahoo didn't explain what took so long to uncover a heist that it blamed on a "state-sponsored actor" -- parlance for a hacker working on behalf of a foreign government. The Sunnyvale, California, company declined to explain how it reached its conclusions about the attack for security reasons, but said it is working with the FBI and other law enforcement. Yahoo began investigating a possible breach in July, around the time the tech site Motherboard reported that a hacker who uses the name "Peace" was trying to sell account information belonging to 200 million Yahoo users. Yahoo didn't find evidence of that reported hack, but additional digging later uncovered a far larger, allegedly state-sponsored attack. "We take these types of breaches very seriously and will determine how this occurred and who is responsible," the FBI said in a Thursday statement. Most Accounts Ever Stolen The Yahoo theft represents the most accounts ever stolen from a single email provider, according to computer security analyst Avivah Litan with the technology research firm Gartner Inc. "It's a shocking number," Litan said. "This is a pretty big deal that is probably going to cost them tens of millions of dollars. Regulators and lawyers are going to have a field day with this one." Yahoo says it has more than 1 billion monthly users, although it hasn't disclosed how many of those people have email accounts. The data stolen from Yahoo includes users' names, email addresses, telephone numbers, birth dates, scrambled passwords, and the security questions -- and answers -- used to verify an accountholder's identity. The company said the attacker didn't get any information about its users' bank accounts or credit and debit cards. Security experts say the Yahoo theft could hurt the affected users if their personal information is mined to break into other online services or used for identity theft. All affected users will be notified about the theft and advised how to protect themselves, according to the company. Yahoo also is recommending that all users change their passwords if they haven't done so since 2014. If the same password is used to access other sites, it should be changed too, as should any security questions similar to those used on Yahoo. The Verizon Impact News of the security lapse could cause some people to have second thoughts about relying on Yahoo's services, raising a prickly issue for the company as it tries to sell its digital operations to Verizon. That deal, announced two months ago, isn't supposed to close until early next year. That leaves Verizon with wiggle room to renegotiate the purchase price or even back out if it believes the security breach will harm Yahoo's business. That could happen if users shun Yahoo or file lawsuits because they're incensed by the theft of their personal information. Verizon said it still doesn't know enough about the Yahoo break-in to assess the potential consequences. "We will evaluate as the investigation continues through the lens of overall Verizon interests, including consumers, customers, shareholders and related communities," the company said in a statement. Delay of Sale? At the very least, Verizon is going to need more time to assess what it will be getting into if it proceeds with its plans to take over Yahoo, said Scott Vernick, an attorney specializing in data security for the law firm Fox Rothschild. "This is going to slow things down. There is going to be a lot of blood, sweat and tears shed on this" Vernick said. "A buyer needs to understand the cybersecurity strengths and weaknesses of its target these days." © 2016 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Yahoo, Marissa Mayer, Acquisition, Alibaba, Cybercrime, Email Hack, Hackers, Cybersecurity Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy 2. Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons 3. Samsung Buying Harman for $8B 4. TubeMogul Acquired by Adobe 5. Sweltering 2016 To Set Heat Record MAY INTEREST YOU You have the knowledge and skills, let an ISACA® certification showcase your expertise. Our certifications speak volumes about your experience without saying a word. These certifications are more than just credentials; they are a platform that can elevate your IS/IT career. Learn More Now> MORE IN BUSINESS BRIEFING 1. Facebook Tries To Quell Fake News 2. Filing Gets Snapchat IPO Ball Rolling 3. Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons 4. Starboard Buys HP Enterprise Stake 5. Samsung Buying Harman for $8B Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Mexico El Santo, legendary Mexican wrestler, commemorated in Google doodle Rodolfo Guzmán Huerta, who popularized lucha libre around the world, ‘represented justice and the fight against evil,’ Google wrote on death anniversary Lucha libre wrestler El Hijo del Santo, the son of late Mexican wrestler El Santo, wears the silver mask his father was known for. Photograph: Peter Macdiarmid/Getty Images Luis Miguel Echegaray @lmechegaray Friday 23 September 2016 13.13 EDT Last modified on Thursday 13 October 2016 16.04 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 1 month old Well done, Google. The internet giant gets major props today as their daily doodle commemorates Rodolfo Guzmán Huerta, commonly known as El Santo, the legendary Mexican wrestler who popularized the sport across five decades and gained cult status throughout the globe. He would have been 99 years old. El Santo helped fuel the growth and reputation of lucha libre throughout the world and thanks to its distinctive personalities and vibrant costumes, the sport appeals to fans of both wrestling and pop culture. Directly translated as “free fight”, lucha libre is a cultural institution in Mexico, making it one of the most popular sports in the country and since its origin in the early 1930s, the sport’s governing body, the Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) is the longest-running active professional promotion company in the world. Univision Noticias (@UniNoticias) El Santo cumpliría hoy 99 años y Google lo celebra con un #GoogleDoodle del legendario luchador mexicano. https://t.co/hrhHdoGGcH pic.twitter.com/5Rh56K4ApH September 23, 2016 “Through his appearance in film and as the subject of many comic books, he became a cultural icon, representing justice and the fight against evil,” said Google in a statement. “Legend has it that El Santo never removed his silver mask even at home and had a special mask for eating. He went to great lengths to protect his identity, particularly when traveling.” Guzmán took the name of El Santo, or the Saint, after reading Alexandre Dumas’s novel, The Man in the Iron Mask, and was inspired by the prisoner in the story who was forced to wear a cloth mask made out of black velvet. It wasn’t until 1984, two years after he officially retired from the ring, when he finally revealed his identity on Contrapunto, a Mexican talkshow. One week later, El Enmascarado de Plata, or the silver-masked man, died after suffering a heart attack while performing onstage. “His funeral was one of the biggest in Mexican history, attended by family, friends, and his many fans,” remembers Google. Just as he wished, he was buried alongside his silver mask. One of his most popular movies was 1962’s Las Mujeres Vampiro, or Vampire Women, in which El Santo is called upon to rescue a professor’s daughter who has been kidnapped by vampires. El Santo made 52 movies, four of which were dubbed into English for wider release. Poster for the film Las Mujeres Vampiro. Photograph: Handout Another classic, and his most successful film financially, was Las Momias de Guanajuato, or The Mummies of Guanajuato, which also co-starred the other legendary wrestlers Blue Demon and Mil Máscaras. Many Mexi-movie aficionados consider it the greatest luchador movie ever made. Facebook Twitter Pinterest His son followed in his footsteps and eventually became El Hijo del Santo, or El Santo’s Son. He was the only one out of El Santo’s 10 children who became a professional wrestler, gaining cult status in both Mexico and Japan. El Hijo retired two years ago due to serious spinal injuries. El Santo was more than just a wrestler; he was a Mexican hero who not only elevated the reputation of lucha libre, but became immortalized as a Latin symbol of power and heroism. His brand has been adapted across different mediums, from comic books to cartoons, and his work continues to influence the way sport intertwines with entertainment. More news Topics Mexico Google Wrestling Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Mexico Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Web / Internet Life > Social Networking Related FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Anti-Keylogger Premium      30% OFF! Google, Microsoft, Salesforce, and Verizon Interested in Buying Twitter GO Twitter shares went up 20% after the news became public Sep 23, 2016 17:20 GMT  ·  By Catalin Cimpanu  ·  Share:  Inside sources told CNBC today that Google and Salesforce are interested in buying Twitter. A second source confirmed to TechCruch that Microsoft and Verizon have also approached the social media giant with bids. Just the news of Google being interested in buying the company boosted Twitter share prices today by 20 percent, increasing Twitter's estimated value from $13 billion to $15.5 billion. Sources told CNBC that Twitter only received "expressions of interest," but a formal bid is expected soon. There are no clear favorites at the moment. Twitter has been secretly up for sale for almost a year The Twitter board has been looking for a buyer after it replaced its previous CEO, Jack Costolo, with one of Twitter's co-founders and former CEO, Jack Dorsey. The company has been making moves left and right, like buying the rights to stream live NFL Thursday Night games, but to no avail, with revenue and user numbers stagnating for years. No clear favorite, yet Google, Microsoft, and Salesforce faced each other before when they fought to buy LinkedIn. Microsoft won the bidding war after agreeing to pay $26.2 billion. Verizon had previously bought Yahoo! after agreeing to pay $4.8 billion for only a few selected assets. Verizon won the bidding war against private equity firm TPG and a group of investors led by Dan Gilbert. Out of all the buyers, Salesforce has the smaller wallet. Most likely, Twitter will go to one of the three other companies, with Microsoft itching at the idea of controlling its own social network and rivaling Facebook and Google. Google recently made small changes to YouTube by adding a Facebook Wall-like feature to user accounts. The feature is currently in limited testing with a few select top users (called creators). Google still runs Google+, but the service has been stripped of most of its coolest features, which have been branched into their own services, such as Google Photos. Twitter stock price   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (2 Images) #Twitter#Google#Microsoft#Salesforce#Verizon subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Photo Gallery (2 Images) 01 02 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Russia Bans PornHub and YouPorn, Tells People to Meet Someone in Real Life Google Doesn't Give Up on Social Networks, Launches YouTube Community Here's How to Disable Twitter's New DM Read Receipts Google+ Gets a Full Material Design Makeover, New Features Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China - Update OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: Is It Worth the Upgrade? Antivirus Firms Unite Against Microsoft Push for Windows Defender in Windows 10 Shazam for Mac Keeps the Microphone On Even After Users Manually Turn It Off iOS Flaw Allows Anyone to Bypass iPhone Passcode and Access Photos and Messages - Video Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China - Update Fantastic Beasts Stickers Come to Google Allo ZTE Grand X 4 Lands at Cricket Wireless for $129.99, for Sale on November 18 2 photos    Twitter sale may become a bidding war Related Apps VidMasta: Now you can watch and download movies as well as television titles in any format (TV, DVD, 720p, 1080i/p) with the help of this simple utility G-Lock Email Processor: Complex email processing tool that automatically extracts data, parses incoming messages, bounces and unsubscribes emails, and more ProgDVB Professional: Watch TV channels from around the world, listen to radio station from the comfort of your computer, and record your favorite shows to watch them later Freemake Video Downloader: Download clips from an impressive list of websites (including YouTube, Facebook and Vimeo), and seamlessly convert them into different formats with one click ProgDVB: Enables you to watch a long list of TV channels from around the world, add them to Favorites, adjust feed appearance, and comes with support for multiple devices Postbox: Send and receive mail messages, subscribe to RSS feeds, label messages and filter news, all by using a single, straightforward app Poki for Pocket for Windows 10/8.1: Save links, organize them in an intelligible manner, and read them using this Pocket client that ensures your favorite stories are synchronized across many devices Reader comments Facebook Workplace Allows Companies to Build Their Own Facebook-like Intranet more on: Facebook Workplace i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Opera for Android gets a major redesign Pokémon GO updated to v0.39.0 with the return of capture location and GO Plus tweaks [APK Download] → Google VR SDK graduates out of beta ahead of expected October 4th Daydream viewer announcement Sep 23 Posted by ishubhamsingh At this year’s I/O, Google announced Daydream, a VR platform for phones and the headsets that go with them. We expect Google to reveal its in-house design for a Daydream VR viewer device on October 4th. Google made a beta version of the VR SDK available at I/O. Leading up to this big unveil, the company is now bringing that developer kit out of beta. Google VR SDK 1.0 is available for download from the Daydream developer site. Read More Google VR SDK graduates out of beta ahead of expected October 4th Daydream viewer announcement was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2dn6rtj via Blogger http://ift.tt/2ctm4lP Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on September 23, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Opera for Android gets a major redesign Pokémon GO updated to v0.39.0 with the return of capture location and GO Plus tweaks [APK Download] → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (609) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (185) IFTTT (192) TalkAndroid (723) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,106) Android Authority (3,130) Games (3,566) Phones (3,566) apps (3,567) tablets (3,569) android (9,386) Recent Posts Google Allo updated with Smart Smiley emoji suggestions and chat themes November 17, 2016 T-Mobile introduces “Magenta Friday” – Deals on phones and accessories November 17, 2016 T-Mobile announces Black (and magenta) Friday deals including free lines, a free Galaxy S7, and accessory sales November 17, 2016 Steam multiplayer favorite Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes comes to Daydream VR November 17, 2016 Deal: How to Build Habit-Forming Products (Up to 80% off) November 17, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,152 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Admins aggro about Azure AM absence Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Commish urges UK.gov to mean it when it talks about transparency Seagate plans to bring down the 16TB HAMR... soon(er) Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Admins aggro about Azure AM absence Seagate plans to bring down the 16TB HAMR... soon(er) HDS has HCI – but it's not hyper-converged infrastructure Aw, snap: Independent disk drive failure rates from Backblaze Hadoop experiencing growing pains in lamestream businesses Microsoft just got its Linux Foundation platinum card, becomes top level member Firefox hits version 50 Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs New Ransoc extortionists hunt for actual child abuse material Analysts apply Occam's razor to Tesco Bank breach Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel Hewlett Packard Enterprise to outsource global IT team to CSC borg Commish urges UK.gov to mean it when it talks about transparency Managed services biz hires 'forensic' beanies to review dodgy accounting The only thing worse than working at CSC? An Xmas redundo programme at CSC Nokia's great lost smartwatch? #SavedYouALandfill HP Ink shrinks workstations to puckish form factor Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Brit smart streetlight bods Telensa named 'global market leader' Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Verity Stob UK warships to have less firepower than 19th century equivalents as missiles withdrawn Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger More like this Net Neutrality Business Policy Video service Binge On 'broke the internet' but 99pc of users love it So shouldn't we Break The Internet more often? 23 Sep 2016 at 17:01, Andrew Orlowski Andrew Orlowski Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Copyright, Mobile Networks, Nokia, Smartphones, Google Recent Articles Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Cheapest Apple iPhone 7's flash memory is waaaaay slower than pricier model Is this the worst Blockchain idea you've ever heard? Analysis Do you remember the butthurt and angst heaped on T-Mobile US when it launched its Binge On service earlier this year? T-Mobile US offered a toll-free all-you-can-watch mobile video service, trading quality for quantity. The Binge On user would get video downsampled to 480 pixels, but none of it would count towards their data bundle. Netflix and HBO joined in. Coming from the smallest of the national operators in the US, this looked like an interesting market experiment. But slacktivists were outraged, and were furious that Binge On violated their notion of a politically-correct internet architecture – aka, “Net Neutrality” . Nanny knows best Some of the reasons offered against Binge On bordered on the surreal. The EFF called the downsampling “throttling”, even though rather the downsampling wasn’t impeding the streams, it made things flow faster and more smoothly for the end user. Stanford law professor Barbara van Schewick – Net Neutrality’s witchfinder general – claimed: “A customer who has used almost all of her data could still binge on HBO, but would be unable to make an important video call with her doctor.” Forgetting that punters could opt-in or opt-out at will, van Schewick made a truly shocking claim. Binge On discriminated against boring and unpopular video clips, she argued, by making the interesting and more popular videos easier to watch. “Binge On harms free expression by favoring commercial entertainment over other forms of video content”, fumed the Witchfinder General. Forget ISIS. Surely this was the great human rights issue of our time? Alas, very few normal people agreed. Very quietly, Google, which had directed its flying monkeys (the EFF and Public Knowledge) to screech at the FCC, dropped its opposition and signed up with Binge On. T-Mobile US customers were viewing twice as much video as they had before. It was a hit. Now we can see just how popular the experiment has been. Earlier this month Strategy Analytics reported that Binge On has an unprecedented 99 per cent satisfaction rating with punters. It has been good for the video producers – more viewers and engagement – and good for T-Mobile US too: 20 per cent of Binge On users traded up from a lower tier T-Mobile US price plan to get Binge On’s benefits. This is the kind of virtuous circle that should happen in the network world more often, where demand fuels investment. People pay more for something of value, incentivising the network operator to invest in a better network, which means they can innovate with services that offer better value, which means…. you get the idea. Professor Van Schewik has found ANOTHER threat to Net Neutrality – and briefs Public Knowledge Why don't we try and break the internet more often? Will it cry if we do? But it also poses a mortal threat to the strange, paranoid political movement that rallies around an “open internet” or “net neutrality”. This styles itself as a progressive cause, but it’s possibly the most conservative belief the internet has spawned. It's easy virtue signalling for nerds, a way of saying "I care about the internet. I care more than you do." The Binge On saga revealed just how conservative and static it is. Commercial experiments such as Binge On must be forbidden on the precautionary principle, in case someone, somewhere is harmed somehow. As Martin Geddes explained last year, efforts to preserve “net neutrality” as akin to mandating MS-DOS in 1994. Instead of trying to preserve archaic technologies and practices, he thinks, if campaigners demanded “a quality floor: a network that 'says what it does and does what it says’”. (For other ideas on how to get better and more competitive networks, see here) We’d have more experiments if we thought of the internet as a prototype because we can throw prototypes away when something better comes along. As for “breaking the internet” – shouldn’t we actually be trying to do this more often, just to see what happens? Or is it the only technology in the world one which is so fragile, no stress testing is possible? Answers on the back of a politically-correct internet packet, please. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 37 Comments More from The Register EU Net Neutrality debate heats up as Tim Berners-Lee weighs in 400,000 submissions received, some critical of carriers claiming 5G costs justify fast lanes 19 Comments Reduced roaming charges, net neutrality come into force in EU It's finally happened 33 Comments 'We shall overcome' net neutrality, sing Euro telcos in the key of 5Gs 5G Manifeston 'welcomed' by digi commish Günther Oettinger 22 Comments Special delivery: Activists drop 100,000 net neutrality complaints on FCC Wheeler gets flooded with gripes about zero-rating 27 Comments Net neutrality activists claim victory in Europe BEREC final guidelines land on the side of civil society 19 Comments Stop us if you've heard this one before: Telcos try to kill net neutrality Wheeler laughs off latest attempt to kill Title II classification 25 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Performance-Driven licensing This eBook discloses high-level findings of VMTurbo’s September 2015 industry survey “Licensing, Audits &amp; Compliance in the Cloud Era” Protecting and Empowering your Connected Organization There’s a big change happening in IT security and device management. Security was once largely limited to the confines of an on-premises world, but now it must extend to the cloud, as well as a myriad of mobile devices. MAX Mail Archive provides secure, compliant archiving in the cloud The MAX Mail Archive is available as a standalone service or as an integrated part of our complete email security, continuity and archiving service. Most read Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China Gone in 70 seconds: Holding Enter key can smash through defense China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Stolen passwords integrated into the ultimate dictionary attack Spotlight Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Google has unleashed Factivism to smite the untruthy Hypernormalisation: Adam Curtis on chatbots, AI and Colonel Gaddafi Can Facebook influence an election result? Should Computer Misuse Act offences committed in UK be prosecuted in UK? FCC death vote looms for the Golden Age of American TV Mark Zuckerberg and the $3bn cash fling: He's not your father's tech kingpin UK.gov oughta get its data-sharing house in order before Digital Economy Bill plans Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Marketing Land After backlash Facebook puts limits on "ethnic affinity" ad targeting options New Features No clone: Instagram Stories get links, mentions & more Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Mobile Marketing The best news in mobile marketing every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Report: Apple may be six months from launching an Echo-like Siri assistant Device will need some differentiated features to compete effectively with Amazon and soon Google Home.Device will need some differentiated features to compete effectively with Amazon, and soon, Google Home. Greg Sterling on September 23, 2016 at 1:09 pm More A second report, from Bloomberg, says that Apple is developing an Amazon Echo-like stand alone virtual assistant based on Siri. That rumor was first reported in May by The Information. The project apparently dates from roughly two years ago and is now in the testing phase, according to Bloomberg. “People familiar with the matter” who “asked not to be identified” also indicated that it’s intended to be a smart-home controller like Amazon Alexa. Accordingly, it would tap into Apple’s HomeKit, which enables Siri to control third-party smart home applications, appliances and services. According to the report, Apple seeks to leapfrog the Echo and Google’s recently announced Home device with “more advanced microphone and speaker technology,” as well as facial recognition. The article says prototype devices are currently in Apple employees’ homes and that time to market could be as short as six months or up to a year from now — provided the product actually comes to market. At its WWDC conference in June, Apple introduced an API that enables developers to more deeply integrate with Siri. Those doing so and using the API will also benefit if there’s a stand-alone Siri device, and vice versa. Currently, Amazon Alexa has more than 2,500 “skills,” most of which offer third-party content. (Discovery is a problem, however.) Transactions are already available for selected skills, with more to follow. Transactions (e.g., reservations) are also an announced part of the Google Home road map. The one major company that appears not to have a smart home virtual assistant in the works — but probably should — is Microsoft (Cortana). Echo is one of Amazon’s best-selling products, and a successful Siri device could create a new hardware category for Apple. The challenge is that it would need to be clearly different/better, given Amazon’s momentum and the imminent launch of Google Home, which will have some advanced “conversational search” capabilities. About The Author Greg Sterling Greg Sterling is a Contributing Editor at Search Engine Land. He writes a personal blog, Screenwerk, about connecting the dots between digital media and real-world consumer behavior. He is also VP of Strategy and Insights for the Local Search Association. Follow him on Twitter or find him at Google+. Related Articles Amazon finally makes it easier to find skills for Echo Make room for Google Home, Amazon Echo/Alexa Siri goes viral: Apple opens up the virtual assistant to third-party developers Is your brand prepared for voice search? 3 steps to get the conversation started AppleApple: iOSApple: SiriChannel: Mobile MarketingMobile Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Trump hits back at claims of transition team chaos Sweden’s Riksbank eyes digital currency Student loans: the government sold millions of young people a lie Russia strikes Syria hours after Putin-Trump call US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Saudi Arabia warns Trump on blocking oil imports Donald Trump’s false promises to his supporters Trump hits back at claims of transition team chaos Russia: Putting the ‘nuclear gun’ back on the table How Donald Trump will make Russia great again in the Middle East Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Saudi Arabia set to reveal depth of oil reserves New Europe 100 — changemakers in central and eastern Europe Google to double London headcount in search for talent Jaguar’s first electric car shines light on strategy Barcelona signs Rakuten of Japan as €220m shirt sponsor Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Sweden’s Riksbank eyes digital currency Chocolate lovers face smaller bars as ‘shrinkflation’ takes hold Trump transition disarray, BBC in North Korea and coconuts in peril Citadel looking into becoming a Treasury primary dealer Italy’s 50-year bond burnt in global sell-off Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Donald Trump’s false promises to his supporters Russia: Putting the ‘nuclear gun’ back on the table How Donald Trump will make Russia great again in the Middle East A life without work can be fatal Liberal self-flagellation always assumes a bleak future Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read If you want something done, do not write a to-do list Entrepreneur brings agricultural technology to Australian outback Unions can help heal fractured societies Can business schools propel women to the C-suite? Do dwindling daylight hours affect our health? Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read US against the world? Trump’s America and the new global order Hannah Winterbourne, Britain’s highest ranking transgender soldier Milan, Italy’s most business-focused city, looks to rival London From Airbnb to eBay, the best ways to combat bias The $88m student digs: homebuying for children of the super-rich Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: Google and Salesforce hold talks to acquire Twitter Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Google's AI can now caption images almost as well as humans Listen | Print By James Walker     Sep 23, 2016 in Technology Google has announced a new version of its image captioning algorithm that describes the contents of images with 94 percent accuracy. It's almost as good at writing captions as humans are. It has been trained to emulate descriptions written by real people. Google's image captioning software is part of its wider TensorFlow machine learning kit. Today, it announced a new release of the algorithm that comes with substantially improved performance. It is able to make more accurate descriptions that include more detail, enabling it to caption images with a standard as high as humans. In a blog post, Google provided some examples of images captioned by the new algorithm. They include "A person on a beach flying a kite" and "A man riding a wave on top of a surfboard." The company also highlighted the accuracy improvements made since the last-generation technology. It now captions "A brown bear is swimming in the water" as "Two brown bears sitting on top of rocks," a description that is more applicable to the contents of the image. Google has made the improvements by switching to the Inception V3 model for the image encoder. This gives the image captioning system an improved ability to recognise individual objects with images. In turn, this directly facilitates more detailed descriptions. The Inception V3 model achieves 93.9 percent accuracy on the ImageNet classification task. Google's AI image captioning software Google The image model has also been fine-tuned to emphasise describing images rather than classifying them. Inception V3 is primarily aimed at grouping images into categories, rather than describing their contents. Google has optimised the model so it can turn "a dog, grass and a frisbee are in the image" into a natural language response including the colour of the grass and the position of the dog relative to the frisbee. The final significant improvement has been made to the training process. Google trains the algorithm by feeding it hundreds of thousands of images that have been manually captioned by humans. The AI analyses the image to find out what's in it and then associates the contents with the supplied caption. After the process is complete, it can begin to use elements of the captions in images that are visually similar to those used in the training process. Google's AI image captioning software Google The upgrade has been a success, according to Google. The new algorithm offers almost 94 percent accuracy, compared with the 89.6 percent obtained by Inception V1 back in 2012. "Excitingly, our model does indeed develop the ability to generate accurate new captions when presented with completely new scenes, indicating a deeper understanding of the objects and context in the images," said Google. "Moreover, it learns how to express that knowledge in natural-sounding English phrases despite receiving no additional language training other than reading the human captions." This kind of image recognition technology has a range of applications once perfected. It could help to improve the accuracy of image search results, or provide automatic screen reader descriptions of pictures when a website doesn't provide them. The captions would also be useful in photo apps including Google's own Photos. More about Google, tensorflow, Ai, Artificial intelligence, machine learning   Google tensorflow Ai Artificial intellige... machine learning Latest News Top News A month into Mosul assault, tough fighting still ahead Report claims that Al-Qaeda leader killed in attack in Libya Budget Android phones caught sending texts back to China Op-Ed: Big Data and the Internet of Things — the evolution of analytics Milan Melindo in crucial 3rd attempt to win a world title fight UN warns of mass atrocities in South Sudan Poland asks Russia to return 2010 presidential jet wreckage Syria regime bombs rebels as Aleppo food aid runs out Review: New on DVD for November 15 Special Obama urges 'course correction' on globalisation Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 23 GOOG: 786.90 -0.31 Google’s new chat app Allo has updates on the way, including potential Duo integration Edoardo Maggio - 2 months ago @northead Android Google Allo Duo View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google‘s latest messaging app, Allo, may have been just released, but it has already met its fair share of criticism, with people mainly pointing out its lack of features and the generally scarce interest in switching to a different app that friends and family may not use. However, it seems that things will indeed change in the foreseeable future… When the much anticipated Allo finally began its staged rollout yesterday, the social media-friendly Justin Uberti — one of the leaders of Google’s engineering team behind Allo and Duo — thanked everyone who “understood that this is a v1.0 product”, hinting that it would improve “every few weeks”. And, indeed, the vocal Google fanbase didn’t linger much before giving feedback, with ideas deemed as “really good suggestions” by Uberti himself. Among those, apparently, is Allo’s startling lack of an audio calling feature — included in popular apps like WhatsApp, among others — especially considering that its dedicated companion app, Duo, essentially does just that. Duo is actually a video calling app, technically, but the convenience of audio calling in situations where video is not practical should not be left unconsidered, and apparently Uberti thinks so as well. When suggested by Twitter user Cyril Lucas that Allow get either Duo integration or a proper, in-built function, the Googler said “absolutely”. Now, it would certainly have been weird for the Allo team not to realize this by themselves, and chances are that the feature may already be in the works, and was held back simply because it wasn’t ready for launch. However, Uberti’s “confirmation” is indeed encouraging, and will hopefully mean that we’re not even that far from being able to call other people with Allo. As things stand, in fact, the app is a pretty barebones experience, which despite being riddled with stickers and text-resizing-on-the-go features, has pretty much nothing compelling enough to convince people to switch to it. With no desktop client and the service limited to just one device, you can only go so far — almost literally —, no matter how smart Google Assistant is. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Allo View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Samsung Galaxy Note 7, S7, S7 edge; Grace UX expected Google's Android 7.0 Nougat comes with features like multi-window, direct reply notifications and Google Assistant. Raymond Ronamai   September 23, 2016 21:46 IST 2 Shares 2 Shares Koh Dong-jin, president of Samsung Electronics' Mobile Communications Business, speaks during a launching ceremony for Galaxy Note 7 new smartphones in Seoul, South Korea, August 11, 2016.REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji Samsung appears to be seriously working on bringing Google's new operating system Android 7.0 Nougat update to its eligible devices. The first handsets expected to receive the firmware are the Galaxy Note 7, Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. Google has already seeded Android 7.0 Nougat update to the Nexus 6, Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus 9, Nexus Player, Pixel C and Android One. However, reports have suggested that Samsung may start rolling out the firmware update to its eligible devices after a couple of months, most probably before the end of the year. Why advertise with us? Related Will your Lenovo device get Android 7.0 Nougat update? Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Moto Z, Moto X, Moto G, Moto E: When will you get firmware? It has now emerged that Android 7.0 Nougat update will bring Grace UX feature to the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 edge. The Grace UX is first seen in the recently released Galaxy Note 7. The South Korean electronics giant hasn't announced the list of devices that will get the Android 7.0 Nougat update but reports have claimed that the firmware will also be made available to like the Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy S6, S6 Edge, S6 edge+, S6 Active, S6 Ironman edition, Active, S7 Active, S7 Batman edition, and S7 Olympic edition. Samsung's high-end and mid-range devices like the Galaxy A9, Galaxy A9 ProGalaxy A7 (2015), Galaxy A7 (2016), Galaxy J5 (2016), Galaxy A5 (2016), Galaxy Tab S2, Galaxy A8, Galaxy On7, Galaxy C5, and Galaxy C7 are also expected to get the firmware update. Google's new firmware Android 7.0 Nougat comes with features like multi-window, direct reply notifications, Extra power efficiency, Google Assistant, VR interface, Seamless updates, Screen Zoom, Clear All, Data saver, Improved file browser, Instant Apps, App switch, bundled notifications, improved Java 8 language support, and new emojis. Also read Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Sony Xperia devices Android Marshmallow market share increases Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Samsung Galaxy S7: Galaxy Note 7, Note 5, Galaxy S6 may follow 21 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Can Moto Z Play beat Xiaomi Mi 5 and Google Nexus 5X in Indian market? 36 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Editor's Pick US suspends Syria ceasefire agreement with Russia Pope Francis calls gender identity classes in schools 'war against marriage' Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big Billion Day: You might lose huge money if you don't follow these tips Simple ways to beat impulse buying. There might be other websites offering products at better prices or better deals. Reliance Jio unlimited 4G data, free calls violates TRAI rules; probe ordered TRAI says that the concerns raised by telecom majors would be examined after looking into Jio's tariffs. Flipkart Big Billion Days sale (2016): Top smartphone deals you should not miss Flipkart is also giving away gift vouchers and additional cash discounts via exchange deal on Samsung, Apple, Motorola and other phones. Moto Z, Z Play to debut in India on October 4 In addition to the Moto Z and the Z Play, the company is also expected to launch photography-centric Moto Mod accessory Hasselblad True Zoom on Tuesday. Samsung Galaxy On8 released in India via Flipkart As part of Flipkart's Big Billion Days sale, prospective buyers of Samsung Galaxy On8 stand a chance to get additional cash discounts. Amazon Prime best offers: iPhone 6s available at Rs. 29,999, iPhone 5s at Rs. 17,999; when and how to buy Amazon Prime members can avail several other benefits such as priority delivery and early access to lightning deals. List of Samsung smartphones expected in Q4 2016 Samsung will release a few devices like Galaxy A5 (2017), Galaxy A7 (2017), and Galaxy C5 Pro before the end of the year. Moto Z series India launch live stream: How to watch the Motorola event on smartphone and PCs Moto Z India launch event is scheduled to kick-off at 12 pm in New Delhi. Photo Gallery Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls Check out Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls. Jyothika at director Bramma' new movie sets Photos of South Indian Actress Jyothika at director Bramma Movie Shooting Spot. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS

This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google Safe Browsing beats rivals but still only flags up 10 percent of hacked sites An analysis of hijacked websites suggests Google's Safe Browsing technology is only warning users about a small proportion of them. By Liam Tung | September 23, 2016 -- 10:26 GMT (03:26 PDT) | Topic: Security Google's service far outperformed the others, accounting for 52 percent of the roughly one-fifth of sites that have been blacklisted. Image: Sucuri Thousands of websites have been hijacked in the past three months, but just 18 percent were blacklisted by four major security services, including Google's Safe Browsing system. Sucuri's Hacked Website Report for the second quarter of 2016 contains a rundown of 9,771 infected sites that it has recovered in the past three months on behalf of customers. More security news Hacker group targets Mark Zuckerberg's online accounts -- again ​Clear-cut definition of de-identified data critical in legislation: Pilgrim Phone firmware maker denies handing text message data to Beijing ​ASX argues medical records are ripe for blockchain Only 18 percent of these infected sites have been blacklisted by Google's Safe Browsing, Symantec's Norton SafeWeb, Yandex's Safe Browsing service, or McAfee's SiteAdviser, according to Sucuri, meaning the vast majority have been spreading malware without users being warned about them. However, Google's service far outperformed the others, accounting for 52 percent of the roughly one-fifth of sites that have been blacklisted. Symantec account for 38 percent, Yandex 32 percent, and McAfee 11 percent. Sucuri notes that Google blacklisted 10 percent of sites it cleaned up in the quarter. Yet whether this figure spells poor performance is another matter. Google's Safe Browsing technology blacklists tens of thousands of malware and phishing sites each week, warning Chrome, Safari, and Firefox users against visiting them until a site operator has made them safe. In the week beginning September 4, Google detected 23,100 new sites spreading malware, and 23,500 potential phishing sites, according to the search company's transparency report. In total, Safe Browsing considers about 500,000 sites unsafe to visit due to malware and a similar number because of phishing threats. Attempts by users to visit these sites result in about 50 million warnings delivered in browsers each week. Sucuri also noted in its first quarter report that Google doesn't, for example, block spam search-engine optimization (SEO), since it doesn't have a direct impact on users. Spam SEO made up nearly a third of infections in Sucuri's first quarter report, rising to 38 percent in the second quarter. Backdoors hidden on a site constitute the most common infection type this quarter, giving the attacker a way to gain access to a compromised web server and from there plant other malware, such as redirects to other malicious sites, or launching a so-called drive-by-download infection by exploiting vulnerable software. This technique accounted for 68 percent of malware, followed by malware used to attack browsers at 60 percent. Meanwhile, phishing and site redirects made up just three percent each of all malware Sucuri encountered. The figures exceed 100 percent because hijacked sites may have multiple infections. Sucuri noted that on average it cleaned 80 files per compromised site this quarter. Seventy-four percent of websites it cleaned up were WordPress sites, probably because it's the most widely used content management system, followed by Joomla, which represented 16 percent. Also in the analysis were Magento and Drupal, representing five percent and two percent respectively. However, the most telling figure for security is the proportion of sites running out-of-date versions. Here, 55 percent of WordPress sites were out of date, while the proportion of out-of-date Joomla and Magento sites jumped to 86 percent and 96 percent, respectively. Similarly, 84 percent of Drupal sites were out of date. "The challenge of being out of date stems primarily from three core domains: highly customized deployments, issues with backward compatibility, and the lack of staff available to assist in the migration," Sucuri said. "These tend to create upgrade and patching issues for the organizations that leverage them for their websites through incompatibility issues and potential impacts to the website's availability." Read more on Google and security Google Allo: Don't use it, says Edward Snowden Google fixes final 'Quadrooter' flaws with new security patch Google offers enterprises Verified Access for Chrome OS devices Squished Gmail, Inbox messages? Google readies prettier-looking email for mobile Google launches Project Zero bug hunting competition TechRepublic: How to migrate Google two-step verification to a new device CNET: Google will pay you $200,000 to hack a Nexus 6P and 5X Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security ​ASX argues medical records are ripe for blockchain Telcos Phone firmware maker denies handing text message data to Beijing Security ​Clear-cut definition of de-identified data critical in legislation: Pilgrim Security Australian Face Verification Service starts with citizenship imagery × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Google's Larry Page leaving court in 2011. Yep, it's all been going on for that long. Image: Bloomberg Google Is Trying to Get Oracle in Trouble for a $1 Billion Open Secret Written by Sarah Jeong Contributing Editor September 23, 2016 // 11:35 AM EST Copy This URL Another day, another trip down the swirling spite-tornado that is Oracle v. Google. Last month, Oracle asked for a new trial, claiming that Google failed to disclose key information prior to the most recent trial. Judge William Alsup has yet to rule on Oracle’s request, but meanwhile, Google’s lawyers are asking Alsup to find Oracle’s lawyers in civil contempt of court. For all of the non-lawyers out there, it’s basically just being in huge trouble with a judge, which is legitimately scary because judges can do all kinds of things like hold you in prison indefinitely. Back in January, the two parties were in front of Magistrate Judge Ryu, hashing out a discovery dispute. While in open court, in what Oracle calls the “heat of argument,” Oracle attorney Annette Hurst blurted out two numbers, two numbers so very secret that in the contempt hearing on Thursday, Judge Alsup threatened to clear out the courtroom in order to prevent reporters from hearing Google’s confidential information. Previously in #Googacle: Why the Very Silly Google V. Oracle Trial Actually Matters One number is how much Google paid Apple to put Google search bar on the iPhone. The other number is how much revenue Android generates per year. This is top secret information subject to a protective order. Unfortunately for Google, those two numbers can be readily found via a website known as Google dot com: In the hearing, both sides performed a weird, coy dance around all mentions of the “Google Information” and “Apple Information,” which is still subject to a protective order that binds the attorneys who are in receipt of the confidential information, on pain of sanctions and contempt. Despite having been turned into what Google calls “widespread global headline news,” Google is still very insistent that Oracle redact such information in its briefs: “There were articles all over the internet quoting the disclosure and quoting Oracle’s counsel,” said Bruce Baber, attorney for Google, in the contempt hearing. He tapped on his podium repeatedly as he spoke. “They said, ‘We always wanted to know the numbers around this Google/Apple deal. And now we know.’” Oracle's lawyers tried to explain themselves by providing a timeline of events. The confidential information was blurted out during a hotly contested hearing on January 14, 2016. Google attorney Robert Van Nest objected to the disclosure of the Google/Apple information, but didn’t say anything when Hurst mentioned Android revenue numbers. Four days later, on January 19, Google’s attorneys tried to get Oracle to sign onto a letter asking the court to redact those portions of the transcript. Before anyone from Oracle could reply, the magistrate judge denied Google’s motion to seal portions of the transcript. Google filed a motion to reconsider on January 20, then due to a mistake, had to refile on January 21. Around 1 PM that day, Bloomberg broke the news that Android generated $31 billion in revenues, and then a few hours later, that Google was paying Apple $1 billion to use the Google search bar. “The transcript vanished without a trace from electronic court records at about 3 PM Pacific standard time with no indication that the court ruled on Google’s request to seal it,” Bloomberg reported at the time. (The request to seal the transcript was officially granted the next day). In other words, life comes at you fast, and Oracle made a mistake—but nothing worthy of sanctions, according to Oracle attorney Melinda Haag. Judge Alsup was extremely skeptical of Haag’s position. “Every good lawyer in this district with her experience knows, you could hand the document to the judge, you could ask to clear the courtroom, you could ask to submit under seal," he said. “I think it’s important for you to own up and admit that it’s a violation [of the protective order],” he told Oracle’s counsel. “Even assuming it’s a violation of the protective order...” Haag began to say, when Alsup interrupted her with an exasperated noise. “Your firm is one of the biggest litigators in America,” said the judge. “Next time you go into a court somewhere and you ask for confidential documents, I hope someone raises this and says, ‘Your firm violated that order, and why should we give your firm access?’” According to Oracle, because Hurst was not in bad faith, she and her firm, Orrick, should not be subject to contempt and sanctions. “She just blurted out the two numbers that mattered. She just blurted it out,” said Judge Alsup. “If she had had the recipe for Coca-Cola she could have blurted it out in this court right now.” Google’s Bruce Baber said that it wasn’t just about the disclosure. Hurst made an understandable mistake. “There, but for the grace of God, go I,” he said. But, “The answer is not to dispute that there was a problem, to refuse to cooperate, to not take very simple steps to address it.” Google says that when its lawyers first objected during that January hearing, Hurst “quibbled and engaged in misdirection about the information” instead of just agreeing to redact the transcript. Then, when she left the courtroom, she recognized a reporter, but didn’t mention it to Google or the judge. (Google thinks she should have told someone, or even stopped the reporter and asked him not to report the story.) And later, when Google raised a fuss, Oracle attorneys kept filing “no opinion” replies, instead of doing what Google thinks they should have done—just go ahead and agree with Google, so that the judge would seal it quickly. If Google’s motion is granted, Oracle and its lawyers will have to pay Google attorney’s fees for the various motions that were filed in the aftermath of the leak. In a $9 billion case, that’s not really a big deal. The big deal is that an experienced trial attorney and her prestigious law firm might be held in civil contempt. Imagine the most popular girls in your high school having to serve detention, or Robin Thicke being forced to plunge his own toilet. It’ll be a big shock if it actually happens. But to make things even sadder for Oracle, the timing around the Bloomberg article doesn’t suggest that a reporter heard Hurst drop confidential information in court, and then ran back to the office to break the news. The Bloomberg article was published on January 21, a full week after the hearing, and the day after the transcript became available. Maybe that’s just the day that a reporter happened to read through the transcript. But maybe it was Google flailing around on the 20th and 21st, trying to seal the transcript, that actually tipped the press off. (Adam Satariano, who cowrote the article, says he doesn’t remember what it was.) Whatever the case, Google is probably right that sealing the transcript faster would have stopped the news story from ever breaking. But the cat’s out of the bag now, and Google’s private information is out there for everyone to see, on Google. Maybe it should try using the right to be forgotten? Topics: Google v. Oracle, Googacle, google, Oracle, apple, android, lawsuits Contact the author by Twitter. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended The Conversation About VR Struggles to Get Real Google Trends Proves the Holiday Season Began Too Damn Early Again Google-Backed A.I. Aims to Help Journalists Write Better News Stories Having Conquered 'Go,' Google's DeepMind AI Takes on 'StarCraft II' Atlas Recall Is a Photographic Memory of Your Entire Digital Life Google Security Engineer Claims Android Is Now as Secure as the iPhone Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular What a Trump Presidency Means For Science After 20 Minutes of Listening, New Adobe Tool Can Make You Say Anything Vancouver Considers Abandoning Parts of the Coast Because of Climate Change How We Plan to Cover the Environment In a Trump Presidency The Canadian Military Is Investigating a Mysterious Noise In the Arctic Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google graduates VR SDK out of beta, Daydream access now open By John Hoff - September 23, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Google announced today that the Google VR software development kit (SDK) is finally moving out of beta, so developers can start working with it for building apps specifically for Google Daydream, which is the company’s high-quality mobile virtual reality (VR) platform. With the SDK going live, app developers can now apply to become part of the new Daydream Access Program (DAP), and they won’t have to wait until 2017 to submit applications to get with Daydream. The Google VR SDK – or you may know it from its earlier form which was called Cardboard SDK – was updated to dovetail with Daydream, announced at this year’s Google I/O Conference. “Our updated SDK simplifies common VR development tasks so you can focus on building immersive, interactive mobile VR applications for Daydream-ready phones and headsets, and supports integrated asynchronous reprojection, high fidelity spatialized audio, and interactions using the Daydream controller,” Google VR product manager Nathan Martz wrote in the official blog post. So as Google has promised, the Google VR SDK now features native integration of the Unity game engine, which the binaries are available from Unity’s website. There has also been an update to the native integration feature of Unreal Engine game engine, so it looks like Google is prepping for some pretty awesome VR gaming with Daydream. There is still no announcement as to which phones will be able to handle the Daydream app, although phones which come with Android Nougat out of the box – like those upcoming Pixel phones and the LG V20 – are sure to have Daydream capabilities baked in. It’s just a matter of having the hardware to run it. SOURCE: Google Story Timeline Google’s Daydream Labs shown off in videos Google’s Daydream Labs testing out “positive social experiences” on VR Google’s VR push includes Daydream platform, web stars, Hulu TAGS Android Google Google Daydream virtual reality Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,398FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,304FollowersFollow 59,490SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Search 16 C Harare Wednesday, November 16, 2016 About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Nehanda Radio Home News Politics Business Opinion Bizarre Courts Local Diaspora World Showbiz Sports Home News Ncube Says Google Killing News Industry News Ncube Says Google Killing News Industry Dec 8, 2009 1 434 Google is no friend of the newspaper industry. That’s the view of newspaper publisher Trevor Ncube, who agrees with News Corp chairman Rupert Murdoch that newspapers need to find ways of charging readers to access content on their websites. Ncube, pictured, who recently attended the World Association of Newspapers conference in Hyderabad, India, says Murdoch is not fighting a lone crusade against Google and is not the only publisher that plans to erect pay walls around its websites and to block the search engine company from republishing copyrighted material. Rather, Ncube, who is deputy chairman of Mail & Guardian owner M&G Media and publisher of Zimbabwe’s soon-to-be-launched independent daily, NewsDay, says almost the entire newspaper industry worldwide is behind Murdoch’s efforts to stave off the “threat” from Google and to get readers to pay for content online. “We need to be clear that this is not just Murdoch vs Google,” he says. “Murdoch has been bold and outspoken, but, to a very large extent, the rest of the industry is behind what he is doing.” Google thinks it can “dictate to us what the business model should be” because of its “dominance on the Internet”. “Now publishers are saying, ‘no thank you, it’s our content after all’.” Ncube says Google has made it clear that it doesn’t want to deal with publishers as a united body. “They want to pick us off one by one,” Ncube says. “They want to attack us as individual publishers and not deal with us as a group. That smacks of negotiating in bad faith. Google should be dealing with the whole industry to find a solution.” Ncube says he is “amazed” at how the media celebrates Google, despite the fact that it is a “monopoly”. Other “monopolies” are treated with disdain. “I rather use [Microsoft search engine] Bing. It’s kind of a one-man protest,” he says in jest. “There’s this sense that Google is bullying us and that, because we don’t have the power to monetise our content, we should roll over and accept whatever Google comes up with. Publishers are saying ‘absolutely not’, that this is ruining our businesses and our livelihoods.” Murdoch and other publishers have blamed Google for building its business — by selling advertising — on the back of other people’s content. Google SA country manager Stephen Newton says in a prepared statement in response to a query from TechCentral that Web search and Google News — the latter aggregates the world’s online news sources — are “tremendous sources of promotion for news organisations”. Google News sends publishers about 100 000 clicks a minute, Newton says. “Each of these visits offers offers a business opportunity for publishers to show ads, win loyal readers and sell subscriptions,” he says. “News publishers can charge for their content while at the same time ensuring that it’s discovered through Google — these two are not mutually exclusive.” Of course, publishers themselves are also largely to blame for the situation they’re in, Ncube says. In developed markets, particularly in the US, readers are abandoning newspapers for free online content. “Newspapers committed a cardinal sin — they gave away their content for free on the Internet,” Ncube says. “It’s easy to say this with the benefit of hindsight. None of us knew how the Internet was going to develop.” What galls Ncube is that some journalists are writing the epitaph for their own industry. “We go around telling the whole world that our profession is dying and the world is starting to believe that.” It’s true that newspaper publishers were too slow to react to technological change. Now, corrective action is needed, he says. “We have created an impression that content should be free. We have to disabuse people of that notion.” But how? The answer, Ncube says, lies in charging for quality reporting and in-depth analysis and providing commodity news free of charge. “I have long maintained that the free content model is broken and is unsustainable. There is nothing in this world that is for free. Quality journalism costs money to produce, so how can we be expected to put that quality journalism for free on the Internet?” Unfortunately, the advertising model that helps pay for journalism at newspapers doesn’t appear to be gaining traction on the Web, Ncube says. But throwing up pay walls and asking readers to open their wallets could also prove challenging. Many consumers, especially youngsters accustomed to free content online, may baulk at the idea of having to pay for news articles. Then there’s the small matter of figuring out how to facilitate payments, even if people are prepared to pay. A universally accepted micro-payments system doesn’t exist yet. People will be annoyed if they’re expected to haul out their credit cards every time they want to spend 50c on a news website. Despite the challenges, Ncube says he remains optimistic about the future of journalism. “We have already been through the worst,” he says. “We have not yet found the right model, but it’s becoming clearer what we need to do.” For now, the industry is going through a period of introspection. “We can’t continue with business as usual because this isn’t business as usual.”  — Duncan McLeod, TechCentral TAGS Trevor Ncube Previous articleMugabe Re-arranges Deck on Titanic Next articleMugabe to showcase defiance at congress admin RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Army denies involvement in mysterious visits to Trevor Ncube’s house Trevor Ncube gets yet another spooky visit Military visit to Trevor Ncube home: More details emerge Pingback: Journalists Blaming Facebook For Decline Is Just As Tiresome As When They Blamed Craigslist & Google | Curtis Ryals Reports() Most Read Today Zimbabwean actress Anne Nhira building her own empire 7,278 views | 3 comments Mugabe ‘close to death’ – and ‘crooked’ wife Grace ‘to take over’ 7,066 views | 3 comments Donald Trump on refusing presidential salary: “I’m not taking it” 6,947 views | 4 comments Father Zimbabwe Joshua Nkomo’s love child speaks 6,729 views | 2 comments Shock as ‘Prophet’ Magaya bodyguards assault court officials 6,467 views | 95 comments Find us on Facebook Follow us on Social Media 298,290FansLike 15,542FollowersFollow 659FollowersFollow 61,863FollowersFollow 5,165SubscribersSubscribe Video of the Week Receive news via Email Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner ABOUT USWhatsapp us on: +263-7730-11022 Contact us: [email protected] FOLLOW US About Us Contact Us Advertising Listen to Radio Privacy Policy Who is Who News Alerts © Nehanda Radio: All Rights Reserved error: Content is protected !! MORE STORIES A new Zimbabwe beckons Nov 16, 2016 0
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 These matchmakers set up dates with Google executives ... for a hefty fee Edith Hancock Sep. 26, 2016, 11:39 AM 4,932 facebook linkedin twitter email print Megan Buquen (left) and Charlee Brotherton (right) set up Executive Matchmakers in May 2016. Executive Matchmaking You might think Silicon Valley's tech entrepreneurs and executives at companies like Google would use online dating to find a partner. But instead, many of them turn to professional matchmaking services to find love. "They weren't the popular kids at school," said Charlee Brotherton, the founder and CEO of Executive Matchmakers, a matchmaking consultancy based in Redwood City, in northern California, that helps men working in business and tech companies meet women. "They weren't the jocks at college and they weren't picking up girls all the time," Brotherton said, referring to her clients. "So romance is a new experience for a lot of them." Brotherton, who comes from a family of entrepreneurs, has launched 23 separate matchmaking agencies since leaving her job as an accountant in 1999. She started Executive Matchmakers with dating consultant Megan Buquen, who is now the company's Vice President, in May 2016. So far, the four-month-old company has helped executives at companies such as Google and Facebook — and even former politicians — find a partner. For a fee of $20,000 (£15,300), Brotherton and Buquen arrange 24 first dates for each client over a two-year period. "It doesn't take them that long usually, though," Brotherton said. "They've normally found someone they like after a few dates." Brotherton and her team have helped Silicon Valley executives from companies like Facebook and Google find partners. Jeff Chiu/Press Association Images To find a suitable match for its clients, Executive Matchmakers draws from a large database of single women registered with other matchmaking services, as well as from its own database of eligible women. Brotherton also recruits Personal Scouts, who help to build the firm's database of single women through partnerships with other matchmaking networks. The company boasts that around 90% of its clients end up in happy, long-term relationships. To maintain this high standard, Brotherton and Buquen meet their clients in person to make sure that they are serious about finding a partner and open to the firm's coaching sessions before taking them on. "We try not to work with clients who we can't do the job for," Brotherton said. "We work with with the most interesting people," Buquen said. The firm's clients are a mix of executives, entrepreneurs and high net-worth individuals from a range of industries and social backgrounds. "We’re diving into the most intimate parts of their life and... helping them on a level that changes their lives." To find a match for a client, Brotherton and Buquen like to know what his lifestyle is like and what he's looking for in a partner. Executives in the tech industry are turning to professional matchmaking services over online dating. Jens Meyer/Press Association Images The matchmakers said that executives in Silicon Valley are turning to introduction agencies over online dating because of a lack of confidence. "They understand business and they understand technology. They've become rock stars overnight," Brotherton said. "But now they’re open to finding love which is a new world to them a lot of the time." She added that their lack of experience with dating means that some of her clients are very shy around women. "They can assume things about their date or talk about the wrong things," Buquen said. The matchmakers advise their clients to avoid talking about previous relationships and politics on a first date, and help them choose a venue to set the right tone. Brotherton said that their main job is to "help them build their self-esteem. We help them arrange the date, talk to them beforehand and right after. We're like their cheerleaders." Though many of Executive Matchmakers' tech clients are the new "rock stars," Buquen said they "don't just want arm candy." "They want to meet their equal. They don't necessarily want someone who works in tech, but an understanding of it is a plus because it's something they're passionate about." The matchmakers said that many of their successful clients are looking for an intellectual partner, and some have asked for specific university qualifications, but the most important thing to them is shared values. "We mostly match them on their lifestyle compatibility and their interests," Brotherton said. "They want someone they can connect with intellectually, spiritually, and on all levels." NOW WATCH: 4 things men can stop doing online that will automatically make them more attractive Loading video... More: Dating Silicon Valley facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru These matchmakers set up dates with Google executives ... for a hefty fee These matchmakers set up dates with Google executives ... for a hefty fee You might think Silicon Valley's tech... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Snowden calls Allo “Google Surveillance” and says you shouldn’t use it +15,000 Ashley King Sep 23rd, 2016 Google’s recently released Allo messenger has been the subject of quite a bit of backlash online, but whistleblower Edward Snowden believes you shouldn’t be using the service anyway. He tweeted a story from The Verge that shows how Google went back on its privacy promises for Allo that were first discussed at Google I/O this year. Google originally promised that Allo would store messages transiently instead of indefinitely in a log. Now, all non-incognito messages are stored by default and records last until the user actively deletes them. End-to-end encrypted Incognito released intact and no messages sent while in that mode are logged. Still, that’s not enough for Snowden. In his tweet, he refers to Allo as Google Surveillance and implores the citizens of the world, “Don’t use Allo.” Free for download today: Google Mail, Google Maps, and Google Surveillance. That's #Allo. Don't use Allo. https://t.co/EdPRC0G7Py — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) September 21, 2016 local_offer    Google Allo   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (52) stars Further Reading Allo 101: getting started 1 week after launch, are you still using Allo? [POLL] Allo and Duo integration might be coming When will Allo be released? stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertThis may be the Moto X 2017 closeHere’s our first look at the 2017 Moto X The Moto X 2017 may be alive and well as a new image has appeared which shows off the device’s metal body and camera cutout. 2 more_vertExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design closeExclusive: Project ARA specifications, design and photos Today’s exclusive Google Project ARA post reveals the phone’s spec sheet and 40 images which show off the phone’s unique modular design. 3 more_vertZTE wants to step up and fill the Nexus gap closeZTE wants to fill the gap left behind with the end of Nexus devices With the end of the Nexus line, there’s now a void in stock Android devices in the $400 range. ZTE is hoping to step up and fill those boots and it wants to know why you prefer stock Android devices. 4 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 5 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 6 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 7 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 8 more_vertPokemon Go is still hiding secrets, says CEO closePokemon Go has hidden secrets that no one has found yet Pokemon Go CEO John Hanke says there’s hidden secrets in Pokemon Go that no one has discovered yet. In fact, Hanke says “we’ll see how it plays out over the next few weeks.” What could that mean? 9 more_vertOnePlus3T rumored to have 8GB of RAM closeOnePlus 3T might be first phone to feature 8GB of RAM The OnePlus 3T could be the first Android phone to feature a whopping 8GB of RAM. For reference, OnePlus launched its OnePlus 3 smartphone earlier this year with 6GB of RAM and Google’s new Pixel devices feature 4GB of RAM. 10 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 16, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Six most important search marketing news stories of the week Industry More News 23 Sep 16 | Christopher Ratcliff Facebook0 Linkedin78 Google+15 Twitter 93 Welcome to our weekly round-up of all the latest news and research from around the world of search marketing and beyond. This week we have Google unleashing Penguin 4.0, AMP coming to organic mobile SERPs, Twitter making some changes for the better and the introduction of Google’s own personal messenger service, Allo. Penguin 4.0 is finally rolled out As I reported earlier today, Google has finally confirmed that its Penguin algorithm update is now rolling out in all languages. The spammy-link killing update will feature the following improvements… Penguin is now real-time Penguin data is refreshed in real time, so any changes will be made as soon as the affected page has been recrawled and reindexed. Previously affected webmasters would have to wait for the next update before any penalties could be cleared. Penguin is now more granular Penguin now devalues spam by adjusting ranking based on spam signals, rather than affecting ranking of the whole site. This means the specific page will be penalised, rather than the entire website. Google AMP is coming to organic search results by the end of the year – confirmed Google’s Rudy Galfi, Google’s lead product manager for AMP, revealed this week that the global rollout of AMP in mobile organic search would be complete by the end of the year. In further remarks posted on Search Engine Land, Galfi clarified that AMP still isn’t a ranking signal. And although Galfi wouldn’t share specific user-response data, he did state, “We’re seeing great user response.” He also said that Google has been “humbled” by the industry’s adoption of AMP. Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin78 Google+15 Twitter 93 Related articles Nine mobile trends to help you stand out in 2017 and beyond How to minimise the interaction cost of your web forms 10 ideas to market and monetize your digital book or whitepaper Are you asking for too much information on web forms? The Coalition for Better Ads to make digital ads great again As Al Roberts reported this week, a new organization called The Coalition for Better Ads, has been launched to “leverage consumer insights and cross-industry expertise to develop and implement new global standards for online advertising that address consumer expectations.” This basically means that the coalition will identify new standards that can improve the digital ad experience, implement the technologies needed for these standards, and promote the standards so that they’re put into use. Worth switching your adblocker off for? We’ll see. Twitter makes a few changes – good ones too! Although Twitter has threatened various unpopular changes over the last 12 months – introducing verification for non-celebrities (celebrities hate this, and by celebrities I mean, Pewdiepie), killing share counts, a 10,000 character increase – here’s one that we’ve been crying out for… Actually, why tell you via this article, when I can show in embedded tweet form. Very Important News everyone… You can now ramble for an entire 140 characters in tweets and still have room for this sweet Gif. What a day pic.twitter.com/QxDy1jOld5 — christopher ratcliff (@Christophe_Rock) September 20, 2016 Same goes for images too. Annoyingly links and @mentions still take up characters though. Still, we got our sweet gifs though, huh gang? Google launches its ‘private’ messenger service Allo Because all the kids are leaving social in droves because they like private messenger apps and not being spied on, Google has realised it wants a piece of that action. So say allo to Allo – another channel to be pinged on by one or two early adopters while desperately trying to keep up with your WhatsApps, Facebook Messages, texts, emails and all the notices on the office fridge to stop eating all the humous. Yeah. Let’s escape to the mountains together. Come on, I’ll pack some sandwiches, you bring a torch. Here’s what Allo will look like… Cute, although a few sloth emojis won’t persuade Edward Snowden to use it anytime soon. Google will continue to display Quality Score data until October 10 As reported by Matt Southern on Search Engine Journal, Google claimed it would be returning null quality scores for new and underperforming keywords in AdWords as of September 12th. However as Matt points out, if you’ve logged in to your AdWords account lately you may have noticed you still have quality score information for new and underperforming keywords. This is because Google has pushed the date back to October 10th, in order to “give advertisers more time to review their reports, filters, rules, and scripts that rely on Quality Scores, null Quality Scores will now roll out the week of October 10th, 2016.”   Christopher Ratcliff is the editor of Search Engine Watch.You can follow him on Twitter: @Christophe_Rock Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading Five most important search marketing news stories of the week Welcome to our weekly round-up of all the latest news and research from the world of search marketing and beyond. Industry More News 11 Nov 16 | Rebecca Sentance ​How young marketers can impact digital strategies There is a changing approach in marketing strategy as millennials become part of small to medium sized businesses and we begin to notice how they differ from baby boomers. Development Industry More News 10 Nov 16 | Tereza Litsa Insurers starting to get to grips with online conversion and complex forms Insurers went online a long time ago, but one of the major challenges has been creating an online experience that can handle the relatively complex insurance “form-filling” process. Jonathan Attwood, CEO of Fospha, explains how his company's toolset can help insurers more accurately track their customers' behaviour. Industry More News 10 Nov 16 | Jonathan Attwood How Google Symptom Search will affect the healthcare industry Google’s Symptom Search is revolutionizing the patient path to treatment, and doctors should embrace this development as an opportunity to provide better care. Industry More News 09 Nov 16 | Jonathan Catley Tags AdWords | Allo | Google | Penguin | penguin 4.0 | Twitter Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business The important news that we have all been waiting for, Google has finally announced mobile-first indexing. How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/09/23/six-most-important-search-marketing-news-stories-of-the-week/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 16, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Penguin 4.0 is finally here, Google confirms Industry More News 23 Sep 16 | Christopher Ratcliff Facebook0 Linkedin409 Google+48 Twitter 457 After a couple of years waiting, and various algorithm fluctuations described as ‘normal turbulence’, Google has finally confirmed today that its Penguin algorithm update is rolling out in all languages. The last update in 2014 – Penguin 3.0 – may have only affected less than 1% of US/UK searches, but that ultimately translated to 12 billion queries. Here we’ll detail all the changes you can expect from Penguin 4.0 according to Google’s blog post. But first a little refresher… What is Penguin? According to Adam Stetzer in his post on the delayed Penguin update, Google first launched the Penguin update in April 2012 to catch sites spamming the search results. Specifically the ones who used link schemes to manipulate search rankings. Penguin basically hunts down inorganic links; the ones bought or placed solely for the sake of improving search rankings. Before Penguin, bad links were simply devalued and needed to be replaced in order to recover search rankings. But according to Chuck Price, after Penguin, bad links became ‘toxic’, requiring a link audit and removal or disavow of spammy links and a Penguin refresh was usually required before one could see any signs of recovery. This could take a while. Thankfully this one of the things addressed in today’s update… What to expect from Penguin 4.0 The following improvements were among webmasters’ top requests to Google: Share this article Facebook0 Linkedin409 Google+48 Twitter 457 Related articles Nine mobile trends to help you stand out in 2017 and beyond How to minimise the interaction cost of your web forms 10 ideas to market and monetize your digital book or whitepaper Are you asking for too much information on web forms? Penguin is now real-time As we stated earlier, the list of sites affected by Penguin was only periodically refreshed at the same time. According to Google.. “Once a webmaster considerably improved their site and its presence on the internet, many of Google’s algorithms would take that into consideration very fast, but others, like Penguin, needed to be refreshed.” But now, Penguin data is refreshed in real time, so any changes will be made as soon as the affected page has been recrawled and reindexed. Google also states that it not going to comment on future refreshes. Penguin is now more granular Penguin now devalues spam by adjusting ranking based on spam signals, rather than affecting ranking of the whole site. So any penalties will be delivered to a specific page rather than an entire domain, which seems much fairer in the long run. We’ll bring you more information and follow-up stories on the update as soon as we have more insight. Christopher Ratcliff is the editor of Search Engine Watch.You can follow him on Twitter: @Christophe_Rock Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading Five most important search marketing news stories of the week Welcome to our weekly round-up of all the latest news and research from the world of search marketing and beyond. Industry More News 11 Nov 16 | Rebecca Sentance ​How young marketers can impact digital strategies There is a changing approach in marketing strategy as millennials become part of small to medium sized businesses and we begin to notice how they differ from baby boomers. Development Industry More News 10 Nov 16 | Tereza Litsa Insurers starting to get to grips with online conversion and complex forms Insurers went online a long time ago, but one of the major challenges has been creating an online experience that can handle the relatively complex insurance “form-filling” process. Jonathan Attwood, CEO of Fospha, explains how his company's toolset can help insurers more accurately track their customers' behaviour. Industry More News 10 Nov 16 | Jonathan Attwood How Google Symptom Search will affect the healthcare industry Google’s Symptom Search is revolutionizing the patient path to treatment, and doctors should embrace this development as an opportunity to provide better care. Industry More News 09 Nov 16 | Jonathan Catley Tags Google | Google algorithm | Google penalties | penguin 4.0 Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business The important news that we have all been waiting for, Google has finally announced mobile-first indexing. How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/09/23/penguin-4-0-is-finally-here-google-confirms/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
My Cart (0) Member Login | About Us | Become a Member | Contact Us Real Time Most Recent Articles Podcasts Newsletters Opinions Jobs Store Discussion Forum Topics Formats Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Show All » Topics Most Recent Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Marketing Strategy Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Marketing Topics » Training MarketingProfs University PRO Membership MarketingProfs Enterprise Solutions See All » Events Schedule of Events Upcoming Conferences Online Seminars Virtual Conference Series Join Now Membership Benefits Products and ServicesJoin Now Login Topics Articles Podcasts Online Seminars Tutorials Guides and Reports Tools Opinions Real-World Education for Modern Marketers Join Over 600,000 Marketing Professionals Start here! N E X T Email Print Save Text:  A A #SocialSkim: Twitter Rebuilding, Google Rejoins Messaging Wars: 13 Stories This Week by Christian Neri  |   September 23, 2016  |  902 views Tweet Kindle Email Top Twitter takes the lead in this week's #SocialSkim with new updates that help brands better use the platform for customer service, a new app dedicated to live streaming, and (finally) a newly expanded character limit that gives you more room to play. We'll also go in-depth on Google's new app meant to contest Facebook Messenger; and we'll let you in on the new Instagram feature we've all been waiting for, and tip you off to the top 10 social trends for 2017. Skim to spend your time wisely! 1. Google's new app, Allo, aims for Facebook Messenger Google's more artificial-intelligence-driven answer to Facebook Messenger and Apple's iMessage launched this week, and it's the Internet giant's latest, and smartest, entry into the messaging app arena. The app, which boasts an incognito mode if you don't like the idea of Google's keeping tabs on all your communication, is integrated with Google Assistant, a bot that lets users tap into Google's enormous search database to answer questions and grab quick info like movie reviews, restaurants, etc. individually or in group chats. Allo also boasts smart replies to suggest quick responses based on conversational context, and the ability for users to message those who don't have the app via regular text messages. It might seem like a late start, but "smart messaging" as we see it today has just begun developing, so Google could have a path to prosperity should Allo prove itself. 2. Twitter rolls out new customer-service features for businesses A set of new Twitter features aims to help businesses better serve customers with support. Companies can now edit their new Customer Support settings to indicate whether their account offers customer service via the social network, which automatically turns on the ability to receive direct messages from any Twitter user, not just those who mutually follow each other's' accounts. Business can also indicate which hours they're most responsive to requests for support. A new, more prominent call to action for messaging is present on accounts that have the new features enabled. Would you now consider providing customer support via Twitter? 3. YouTube Creator Studio app updated with insights If you use YouTube as a major medium of communication with your customers, a recent update to the platform's Creator Studio app has a lot of value packed into a small package. The update lets creators gain actionable insights on their channel stats, as well sends creators alerts and recommendations when major events occur on their pages, such as a sudden spike in views and how to capitalize on it. Also, with new means of contacting YouTube support via email, the release brings major benefits and changes for the creator community. 4. Twitter launched a new app, streamed first live NFL game The social network worked its way into the living room with the launch of a new app for Apple TV, Xbox One, and Amazon Fire TV that enables users to stream live video on their televisions. Twitter kicked off the launch with its first-ever livestream of an NFL game last Thursday, which drew two million viewers. Various reports from users cited high-quality video, but noted a seconds-long delay between the CBS and Twitter broadcasts; as a result, the stream of user-generated Tweets below the live video revealed results before they appeared on the Twitter broadcast. The digital livestream is still very much so an experiment for all parties involved, and the social network has nine games left to prove whether it can convince more people to sign up for the platform. 5. ABC News to bring 2016 presidential debates to Facebook Live ABC News' collaboration with Facebook for the Republican and Democratic National Conventions resulted in more than 28 million video views across the news company's Facebook pages. The media giant has now decided to partner with the social media titan once again for the upcoming presidential debates. For the first time, general election debates will be streamed live on social media, as ABC also plans to bring a curated feed that blends livestreams from inside spin rooms, on the ground at watch parties across the country, and commentary from anchors and journalists. Users' comments, questions, and conversations will also be incorporated, expanding their ability to interact and participate real-time. 6. Your 140 Twitter characters just became more valuable We tipped you off last week, but now it's official: photos, videos, and other media no longer count toward your 140-character limit on the social network. The new rules also apply to things like GIFs, polls, and Quote Tweets, meaning brands and individual users have even more space to express themselves on the platform. Go ahead, go crazy! Say more about what's happening! Rolling out now: photos, videos, GIFs, polls, and Quote Tweets no longer count toward your 140 characters. pic.twitter.com/I9pUC0NdZC — Twitter (@twitter) September 19, 2016 7. Instagram rolls out "save draft" feature to everyone—finally! The feature was in testing earlier this year, but the Facebook-owned social network confirmed that it's rolling out the ability to save drafts of posts, for completion and posting at a later time, to all users. After adding effects, filters, captions, and locations, brands and users alike can now tap the back arrow at the top of the screen without fear, because their creations can be safeguarded for later. When desired, simply tap the camera icon within the app, select "Library," and your posts-to-be will appear below "Drafts." You're welcomed. Trying to create a post that's just right? With the latest update, you can save as a draft & come back to it later. https://t.co/7lZ0eyNtBC — Instagram (@instagram) September 20, 2016 8. Voice is the next battleground for messenger apps It might feel counterintuitive just as messaging apps move away from human interaction and introduce bots, but a new focus could likely become the next frontier for chat and move us back toward our most basic form of communication: voice. Analysts say the speed and efficiency of voice interfaces, particularly as they increase speech recognition accuracy from 95% to 99%, will soon have most of us swapping text for voice. Amazon's Alexa, increased VoIP calling on existing messaging apps, and Facebook and Google's acquisitions of speech recognition and natural language startups show we're heading in that direction. And it might just make life easier for all of us. 9. Facebook users warming up to Reactions... slowly They might still account for only less than six percent of all Facebook users' interactions, but use of Facebook's new Reactions has doubled since their introduction earlier this year, and users are adopting them at a faster pace than before. The Quintly study also shows that likes account or 77% of Reactions on the social network, but that other Reactions like sad, love, and wow increased up to 23%. It seems they're catching on, and they should help brands get better insights into the sentiment around their posts and page. 10. Bots are skyrocketing compared with apps' early growth A new report from Citigroup shows that the early growth of artificial intelligence bots is greatly outpacing the growth of apps in their first days, indicating that the technology is still on pace to make a huge impact. The number of developers working on bots also far exceeds the number that worked on apps in their early days, leading analysts to conclude bots could very well become a daily part of our lives. With Apple's latest announcement of a new iMessage store that could incorporate bots in the future, is your brand ready for what could become the bot revolution? 11. Keep your guard up: The top 10 social trends for 2017 It's sometimes hard to believe that YouTube launched 12 years ago, and that Facebook once started as a way for college students (and college students only) to connect online. Fast-forward to 2016, and the face of social media has changed drastically. Here are the top 10 social media trends to look out for in 2017. Covered in detail: expiring social content, consolidation of major social players, increasingly stubborn organic traffic, and the rise of personalization, the social influencer (see image), and the robots. Go ahead, dive in—and prepare! 12. Is paid or organic social more effective? A Clutch survey of enterprise marketers reveals the majority (59%) find paid social media to be more effective than organic (unpaid). One-third of respondents were neutral, while 8% preferred organic for effectively reaching their consumers. Some 35% of survey takers said they use paid and organic social media in equal doses, and only 12% say they use mostly or only paid. What are their preferred social channels? Dive into the results to find out! 13. We'll wrap with five essential tips for brands battling social media trolls Although harassment and bullying are a rampant problem on social media, at its core social brings more of a human touch to our lives online than we had before. People aren't the only ones being targeted by trolls and bullies, however, and brands should take note to protect their reputations. Fast Company has rounded up five essential tips for brands to consider for protecting themselves. Read through to prepare! Covered in detail: distinguishing trolls from unsatisfied customers, stopping giving fodder to trolls, never ignoring abuse directed at your followers, approaching brand-on-brand trolling with caution, and actively monitoring your social media community. Join over 600,000 marketing professionals, and gain access to thousands of marketing resources! Don't worry ... it's FREE! WANT TO READ MORE? SIGN UP TODAY ... IT'S FREE! Work email: We will never sell or rent your email address to anyone. We value your privacy. (We hate spam as much as you do.) See our privacy policy. Sign in with one of your preferred accounts below: Loading... Christian Neri is pursuing a master's in digital marketing at the IÉSEG School of Management. Formerly in film publicity, he is an American expat in France who loves digital strategy, breaking news, and chèvre. Twitter: @christianneri Tweet Advertising, Content, Customer Service, Digital Marketing, Digital Theory, Facebook, Google, Influencer Marketing, Instagram, Marketing Strategy, Mobile Marketing, Social Media, SocialSkim, Television, TV, Twitter, YouTube You may also like #SocialSkim: Facebook Sets Sights on LinkedIn, Trials TV Ads ... #SocialSkim: Instagram Paves Path to E-Commerce, Twitter Builds ... A Guide to Contextual Marketing The Most Shared Brand Blog Posts: Length, Language, and Title ... The Top 20 Content Marketing Influencers of 2016 10 Ways to Make Facebook Your Most Powerful Event-Promotion Tool Trick or Treat Your Way Into Halloween Sales [Infographic] #SocialSkim: Twitter Kills Vine, Instagram Tests Live Video, ... Are Fortune 500 and Inc. 500 Companies Using Instagram? #SocialSkim: Twitter Takeover Hopes Crushed; Pinterest Hits New ... 2017 B2C Content Marketing Benchmarks, Budgets, and Trends Six Content Marketing Principles You Shouldn't Be Ignoring (but ... The Best Days and Times to Post on Five Major Social Networks #SocialSkim: Facebook Launches 'Workplace' Social Network; ... Eight Mistakes You're Making on Facebook's News Feed and How to ... JavaScript required to submit ratings... Rate this   Log in to add a rating Overall rating Not rated yet. Add a Comment Subscribe Today IT'S FREE! Become a member to get the tools and knowledge you need to market smarter. we respect your privacy. Stay connected! Don't miss a bit of MarketingProfs ... join the 600,000 marketers following us. Most Popular How-to Articles What Email Marketers Can Do to Stop Unsubscribes by Ayaz Nanji Tips for Onsite Content Optimization With a Human Touch by Nyima Bieber The Top 20 Content Marketing Influencers of 2016 by Ayaz Nanji Four Ways to Take Full Advantage of Email Marketing With ... by John Thies The Ultimate Homepage Planning Checklist [Infographic] by Barry Feldman See more marketing articles » Editors' PRO Picks Seminar: Create Meaningful Experiences for Your Brand Brian Solis shares why great products, creative marketing, and delightful customer service are no longer enough to win customers. more Take 10: How to Leverage Your Online Community Presented by: Paul Chaney In just 10 minutes, we'll share six practical tips that will help you tap into your online community to grow your business and benefit your customers. more How-To Guide: Build Your Content Marketing Dream Team In this 22-page guide, you'll learn how to identify the key hires to get your team started, what traits and skills to look for in your key hires, how to manage freelancers, and much more! more SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner Through eight simple to follow, well-defined steps, SmartTools: Email Campaign Planner will help you establish an effective email marketing program to gather and convert leads. more How-To-Guide: The Perfect Pitch: Hit a Home Run With Every Headline, Subject Line, and Call to Action Learn how to write headlines that will inspire your audience to read and want more. more Seminar: SEO—How Customer Experience Impacts Search Learn the most important elements of, and key changes in, customer search behavior. We'll also cover how to drive conversations through SEO, content, and social media. more Take 10: Three Steps for Using Influencer Video to Increase Your Bottom Line Presented by: Mark Lerner In just 10 minutes, you'll learn three simple steps to source quality influencer video and use it to impact your bottom line in a meaningful and measurable way. more   MarketingProfs uses single sign-on with Facebook, Twitter, Google and others to make subscribing and signing in easier for you. That's it, and nothing more! Rest assured that MarketingProfs: • will not provide your social data to 3rd parties • will not contact friends on your network • will not post messages on your behalf • will not interact with your social accounts Your data is secure with MarketingProfs SocialSafe! What's new on MarketingProfs? Brand Engagement for B2B: Avenue CEO Bob Domenz on Marketing Smarts ... 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Brand Management Top 4 Things You Should Know on Your Journey to Content Marketing ... 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Content Bringing Adtech In-House: Success or Stress for Brand Marketers? 11/16/2016 at 10:00 AM Advertising The Most Loved, Fun, Relevant, Engaging, Social, and Helpful Brands 11/16/2016 at 9:00 AM Brand Management Five Small Business Marketing and Retention Trends and ideas for 2017 11/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Customer Relationships Supercharge Your Email Marketing With Phone Calls 11/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Email Marketing Holiday Marketing Campaigns: 'Tis the Season for Pinterest ... 11/15/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media How Consumers Use Amazon: Device, Search, and Purchase Trends 11/15/2016 at 9:00 AM Customer Behavior Tips for Onsite Content Optimization With a Human Touch 11/14/2016 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing What Smart, Successful Local Businesses Do to Attract Holiday ... 11/14/2016 at 10:00 AM Mobile What Email Marketers Can Do to Stop Unsubscribes 11/14/2016 at 9:00 AM Email Marketing Media Channels the Brightest B2B Marketers Use to Drive Leads ... 11/12/2016 at 10:00 AM Sales #SocialSkim: Facebook Sets Sights on LinkedIn, Trials TV Ads (Kinda): ... 11/11/2016 at 10:00 AM Social Media How to Manage Your Google Search Console Like a Pro 11/11/2016 at 10:00 AM Web Sites Six Content Performance Metrics You Can't Live Without 11/11/2016 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI The Gift Preferences of Employees 11/11/2016 at 9:00 AM General Management Links, the Ranking Factor That Real Estate (and Other) Websites Ignore 11/10/2016 at 10:00 AM Search Engine Marketing Five Ways Marketing Analytics Is Broken (and How to Fix It) 11/10/2016 at 10:00 AM Metrics & ROI The Role of Mobile in Holiday Shopping [Infographic] 11/10/2016 at 9:00 AM Mobile How to Pull Off a B2B Rebrand While Growing Sales and Fighting ... 11/9/2016 at 10:00 AM Brand Management Resources MarketingProfs University What's New How-To Articles Case Studies Online Marketing Seminars Guides and Reports Store Videos Newsletters MarketingProfs Mobile Apps Community Conferences and Events Know-How Exchange Forum Member Benefits Testimonials Join the Community Follow Us on Twitter Company About Us Executive Team Write For Us Speak For Us Advertise With Us Affiliate Program Licensing/Republishing RSS/Syndication Partners Privacy Refund Policy Contact Us Marketing Topics Advertising Brand Management Career Management Content Customer Behavior Customer Relationships Email Marketing General Management Graphic Design Market Research Metrics & ROI Mobile Non-Profit Pricing Public Relations Sales Search Engine Marketing Segmentation Social Media Strategy Web Sites Word-of-Mouth Writing More Topics » Copyright © 2000-2016 MarketingProfs LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of use.

News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com opinion Pokémon Go – who’s responsible for protecting your data from fraud? Written by Guest author 26 September 2016 @ 12:50 Telecoms.com periodically invites expert third parties to share their views on the industry’s most pressing issues. In this piece Jorge Borges, Head of Marketing Communications at WeDo Technologies looks at the data security implications of the smash hit app. The success of Pokémon Go has been unprecedented and inescapable, with Forbes reporting that within four days of the game’s launch it was on course to exceed Twitter’s daily active Android users. However, the game’s popularity has risked masking serious security concerns. Once downloaded, the Pokémon Go app asks users for a whole host of user permissions to access their contacts, camera, SD card content and, most importantly, GPS location. And although other popular app games ask for some personal details, Pokémon Go requires a constant Wi-Fi or GPS connection to play, meaning that it knows exactly who you are, who your friends are, and where you are – even if you don’t have Google Maps running, or if permissions to access GPS data or the device camera have been turned off. Through enabling players to bridge the gap between the real world and the virtual world by encouraging them to go out in public and visit landmarks to collect cartoon monsters, this latest craze from Niantic is collecting data about you worth potentially millions. So much so, it should perhaps be renamed Pokémon “GOld Mine!” For the game’s makers, this data is hugely valuable as it enables them to pass on personally-identifiable information (PII) so that third parties can promote and sell to you. This type of data tracking and collection has also been used by companies including Google, for Google Maps, however many consumers are not aware that these kinds of ‘free’ services also have the hidden agenda of being able to track whereabouts via your mobile device and suggest things that you might be interested in that are close to you. The wealth of personal data collected by companies through apps such as Pokémon Go also means that they have become a ripe target for hackers, criminals, and fraudsters. This is especially true for Niantic, whose privacy policy has been hit with controversy. Niantic’s policy states that data “may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction,” opening it up a number of potential security and privacy risks. All this data creates immense temptation for hackers who could potentially sell users’ data to foreign governments, or the black market. Credit card fraud is another risk to users, with in-app transactions potentially leading to identity theft and fake insurance claims. Hackers are also cashing in on users searching for discounted game currency, such as Pokémon Go’s “Pokécoins,” by creating fake links to online “hacks” that take users to survey scams if they search for items such as “Pokémon Go free coins generator.” These types of scam sites earn money by requesting the Pokémon Go player’s username and inviting them to complete fake surveys that will ask for their personal details and email address, opening up more potential fraud risks. There are also fake Pokémon Go apps available online that include hidden Trojan horses designed to gather your personal data and provide the hacker with access to your device when downloaded. While Pokémon Go is useful for inspiring users to get outside, most worryingly, by encouraging players to collect items by visiting PokeStops that correspond to real-world locations, it is also providing criminals with the ability to predict players’ locations, leaving users open to attack or robbery. The potential for security risks such as revenue leakage and theft are not only at game level but also at a network and personal user level. If developers are unsure of how to protect users of their apps, it may now need to be up to the network operators to offer the expertise and technology needed to bridge the security gap and protect the bottom line.   Since joining in WeDo 2016, Borges has been responsible for leading the team in developing and implementing marketing, communication and demand generation strategy within Revenue Assurance and Fraud Management. Borges has more than 20 years’ experience in the ICT industry, having previously held the roles of European Head of Marketing of B2B Business Unit for Toshiba and SMB Marketing Manager, Portugal at Hewlett-Packard. Borges studied at Harvard Business School, Universidade Católica Portuguesa and ISCTE-Instituto Universitário de Lisboa. He also completed an Advanced Management Program at the University of Navarra. Tags: data security, Pokemon go, WeDo Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Did Yahoo breach Verizon’s trust? More than half of all US online activity spent on smartphone apps AdaptiveMobile warns of Pokémon Go SMS scam threat Pokémon Go tops $300m customer spend but ticks off Iran and Thailand Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 1 day ago Multi-billion dollar market opportunities may be lost unless Next Generation Broadband meets Seven Key Challenges Share 1 day ago Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 6 days ago Events View all Internet of Things World 21-22 November 2016 View Event Japan Internet Week 2016 29 November - 02 December 2016 View Event Carrier Network Virtualization 06-08 December 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all #Facebook admits to accidentally stretching the truth https://t.co/1gvjmUSQO0 #corporate #mobileadvertising 16 November 2016 @ 17:47:12 UTC How did #Europe's top 5 telcos measure up over Q3 https://t.co/85nbahjUtC #5g #broadband #corporate 16 November 2016 @ 17:47:12 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn It’s time for young researchers to have a voice How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT BUSINESS Google, Oracle and Amazon bet big on conversational commerce by Gordon Hunt 23 Sep 201629 Shares Image: Georgejmclittle/Shutterstock Major tech companies are heavily investing in the future of how we purchase goods and services, with Google, Facebook and Amazon each banking on conversational commerce. Opening up your messaging app, you begin chatting with a friend you’re about to visit. Wondering what you want to have for dinner, you settle on pizza. Rather than leaving the chat to make your order, you instead interact with chatbots within said messaging client, let them sort out the order and payment and, in moments, you’re back to chatting with your friend. Never need to leave You never leave the messaging tool, and you never need a tailored app for pizza, or for buying clothes or ordering a taxi. It’s all there in front of you, waiting to interact, and storing your purchasing history. That is conversational commerce, and it’s on the way. Last week, Erik Meijer, heading up Deutsche Telekoms’ group innovation business, told Siliconrepublic.com how the future is actually already here, if you look hard enough. Citing WeChat as an example in China, he said: “There are 10 to 12 services included on that. You can get tiny loans of $20,000 within your messenger. You can talk to a local store. You can pay for something on JD.com.” It’s spreading, too. At the start of the week, Google snapped up API.AI, a natural language and speech recognition company. “Our vision has been to make technology understand and speak human language and help developers build truly intelligent conversational interfaces for their products and services,” said the latter, after Google snapped it up. Headhunting Essentially arming itself with a deeper pool of chatbot expertise, it’s an area that others are seeking to fill, too. Amazon, for example, has just hired the founder and chief executive of conversational commerce start-up Angel.ai. Rather than buying out the company, as had earlier been reported in places, instead Amazon scalped it for its leader, with Nick Hadzaad now ‘head of new bot products’ at the company. Not one to be left behind, Oracle recently announced its own plans for a chatbot-building platform. At Oracle OpenWorld this week, Oracle CTO Larry Ellison showed how his company’s tools could help the likes of Facebook Messenger with its conversational commerce model in future. Facebook ahead This is all hot on the heels of Facebook Messenger’s earlier move to ramp up its own conversational commerce offering. The release of Messenger Platform v1.2 allows developers to build capabilities that allow businesses to “drive engagement, build retention and facilitate meaningful relationships with people”. “Moving forward, we are also simplifying the payment and checkout experience in order to reduce the overall friction between wanting something and getting it,” said the company. “People can use their payment information already stored on Messenger and Facebook to check out faster in Messenger threads.” The need for multiple apps will gradually fade as the chatbots takeover your various instant messaging tools. But that’s not necessarily a bad thing. Related: AI, Facebook, Oracle, e-commerce, Amazon, Google Gordon Hunt is a journalist at Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Machines Is the goal of democratising AI just a pipe dream? 29 Sep 20167 Shares Hiring Now A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Be part of a globally successful team Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Help us change the way money works Machines Zombie machines and the data apocalypse: deliver us from evil 24 Oct 201618 Shares Companies Gender gaps at tech companies in focus on Ada Lovelace Day 11 Oct 20168 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Machines Will current AI be illegal in the EU in 2018? 26 Oct 201661 Shares Business Facebook Messenger hits the 1bn user milestone 20 Jul 20166 Shares Enterprise Google uses AI to reduce energy to cool data centres by 15pc 20 Jul 201635 Shares Latest News Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption 9 hours ago Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing 9 hours ago Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn 10 hours ago It’s time for young researchers to have a voice 10 hours ago Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation 10 hours ago Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition 11 hours ago How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 14 hours ago New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine 14 hours ago Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? 15 hours ago Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ 15 hours ago 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 17 hours ago Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland 17 hours ago Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people 17 hours ago Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? 17 hours ago Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way 17 hours ago Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers 18 hours ago Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news 18 hours ago Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland 18 hours ago Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 1 day ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 1 day ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 1 day ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 1 day ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 1 day ago European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Auto-Control Your PC’s Fans for Cool, Quiet Operation How to Fix Hard Drive Problems with Chkdsk in Windows 7, 8, and 10 What Is the ProgramData Folder in Windows? How to Use Siri to Control Your Philips Hue Lights Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek Public Transit Doesn’t Have to Be Confusing: Just Use These Apps Public transit is intimidating. Working out the schedules, stops, and the rest can feel like a big job, especially if you’re new to a city or just visiting for a week. But catching a ride doesn’t have to be complicated. With the right apps, you can look up directions, work out connections, and know when the next bus is coming, all at a glance. When it comes to catching a ride, anywhere, the first app you need is Google Maps. It doesn’t have a lot of transit-specific features, but it is by far the most universal app out there in terms of transit data, as this massive list of supported cities outlines. In my opinion, however, Google Maps isn’t enough. When you’re standing at a bus or train stop, you’re going to want to know when the next bus is coming, and Google Maps doesn’t offer that at a glance. This is why I recommend you download an application specifically for arrival times. There are three main apps for this: Transit App, which works in these cities. Moovit, which works in these cities. Citymapper, which works in these cities. These apps are different in many ways, but all serve the same basic function: location-aware, at-a-glance-schedules. I personally use Transit App, but am listing all three here so readers can find something that works in their area. With that in mind, here are some useful things you can do with the transit apps at your disposal. Get Directions, Complete With Connections If you want to get somewhere by transit, the simplest way to start is usually Google Maps. Simply type where you want to go, and your starting point if necessary, then pick the transit option: You’ll get see a few options, as shown above, and can optionally choose a departure and/or arrival time. This is essential for planning trips in advance. Set everything up and you’ll be told where you need to go, when, and you can even get real-time instructions. With this you’ll never feel lost. If you want your phone to hold your hand as you use public transit for the first time, it’s as easy as that. But there’s one potentially stressful thing to worry about: late buses. Always Know When the Next Bus Is Coming Google told you where the bus stop is, and you found it, but the bus isn’t here yet. Should you panic? Don’t panic. Open whichever app you installed for at-a-glance arrival times. I use Transit App here in Portland, so I’ll outline that here. This application detects your current location, then automatically shows you how many minutes until the next bus or train for all lines near you. If you see little waves above the countdown clock, as seen above, the countdown is being updated in real-time, using data from your local public transit agency. This is an absolute godsend if a bus or train is late, because you can quickly find out that you’re not crazy and/or a person who missed the bus. Note that the default listing might be your line headed in the wrong direction. Simply swipe to reverse that. You can also tap any line to see a row of icons. From left, these small icons give you: The location of the stop, and a map of the route. Alerts and other notifications about the route. The ability to favorite a given route. Favorites always show up at the top of your list when you open the app, making this option useful if you ride a few routes regularly. Complete schedule for the current route. The features, together, make waiting for transit a lot less stressful. Bonus: Buy Tickets With Your Phone With Google Maps for directions, and Transit App for real-time schedules, using public transit is simple. And, depending on where you live, your phone can become even more useful. Many transit agencies offer official apps that allow you to buy tickets on your phone, which makes getting onto the bus or train a lot faster. Sadly, the official app for this is going to vary depending on your specific region or city, and not every area offers this. I recommend checking the official website for your local transit authority; they will likely link to such an app there, if it exists. Photo credit: IQRemix JOIN THE DISCUSSION (6 REPLIES) September 23, 2016 In Seattle and the Puget Sound area, I use One Bus Away: http://pugetsound.onebusaway.org/It's also available in many other cities: http://onebusaway.org/Lots of useful features, quite accurate, I wouldn't travel by transit without it. September 23, 2016 Justin Pot I'm going to have to check that out, thanks man! September 24, 2016 Keith Aiken Mildy weirded out that this is a picture of my hometown's transit system. September 24, 2016 Justin Pot So a little inside baseball here: I found the image on Flickr using Creative Commons Search. I was hoping to find a picture of a TriMet train from here in Portland, but ultimately I liked this Edmonton photo better. In part because it showed both the train and a station, but also because I lived in Peace River for a year and visited Edmonton a few times then. I also have family history in Edmonton. So ultimately it didn't matter which city's transit system I used a photo from, but that's why you're seeing a picture from your hometown. Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Justin Pot is a technology writer and enthusiast who lives in Portland, Oregon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook, if you want. You don't have to. Published 09/23/16 DID YOU KNOW? In Terminator 2 when Sarah Connor and the T-1000 that morphed into her are shown on screen at the same time, no CGI was used to create the scene–the terminator clone of Sarah was the actress Linda Hamilton’s twin sister, Leslie. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK Why Buying a Smart Fridge Is a Dumb Idea 7 Ways To Free Up Hard Disk Space On Windows 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Get Colored Window Title Bars on Windows 10 (Instead of White) How to Run a Full Linux Desktop in a Browser Tab on Your Chromebook How to Put Your Music Collection Online and Access It From Any Device What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? How to Get Notifications For Only the Emails You Care About With Gmail on Android What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2016 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved Get exclusive articles before everybody else. Get downloadable ebooks for free! Get geeky trivia, fun facts, and much more. Enter Your Email Here to Get Access for Free: Go check your email!
Breaking News Day at a glance Weather Horoscopes Ireland Business World Showbiz #Discover Sport Tech Jobs Property Login Trump presidency Public-sector pay Garda strike Health Oscar Pistorius Syria Is Twitter about to be bought by Google? PreviousNext 23/09/2016 - 15:57:17Back to Business Home Reports in the US claim that Google is among a group of companies interested in buying Twitter. Twitter shares soared over 18% on reports a host of firms, also including SalesForce.com, are looking into bidding for the social media site. There has been no official comment from Twitter, Google or any other alleged interested parties so far. (Richard Drew/AP) Twitter is said to be in talks with several companies and could receive a bid soon, business broadcaster CNBC reported, citing sources. The social media site has faced growing criticism over earnings momentum, amid sluggish user and advertising growth. Poor performance even prompted co-founder Jack Dorsey to return to the helm as chief executive back in 2015. The site has just over 310 million monthly active users, while rival social network Facebook currently sits at over 1.7 billion. (Richard Drew/AP) User growth in the most recent quarter of this year was only around 1%. Since Dorsey’s return, Twitter has made a notable move towards video and live streaming partnerships, as well as taking steps to redefine an interface that Dorsey described as being “too confusing”. The platform recently made changes to its 140-character limit centrepiece, confirming that images and other media would no longer count towards the limit. KEYWORDS: Facebook, Google, Jack Dorsey, social media, social network, Twitter   send us stuff PreviousNext Want us to email you the top news stories each lunchtime? Download our app Landmark Digital Ltd, Company Number 523737, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. T23 RCH6 +353 21 4802214 desk@breakingnews.ie News Ireland World Business Tech Weather News Archives Showbiz News Lotto Horoscopes #Discover Main Topics Authors Competitions RSS Sport News Soccer GAA Rugby Other Sports Other Contact Us Send us Stuff Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy © BreakingNews.ie 2016. Subscribe To News Alerts Subscribe Menu Show/Hide Left Push Menu Home Ireland #Discover Showbiz Sport World Weather Business Tech Horoscopes Lotto Other Contact Us Using the Site Licence Our Content Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. AT&T Taking Nashville To Court To Try To Slow Down Google Fiber Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share AT&T Taking Nashville To Court To Try To Slow Down Google Fiber Image courtesy of C x 2 September 23, 2016 10:02 am EST By Kate Cox@kcoxdc here we go nashville at&t google google fiber lawsuits They said they’d do it, and so, by gum, they’re doing it: Surprising basically nobody, AT&T has filed a lawsuit against the city of Nashville and its officials, seeking to block a recently-passed law that would make it possible for Google Fiber to come to town. The lawsuit is just the latest step in a saga that’s been unfolding for months. The city of Nashville first proposed a one-touch law over the summer. Comcast and AT&T objected strenuously, because having actual competition in town, driving down prices and perhaps siphoning consumers away, is not in their best interest. The Metro Council looked at Comcast and AT&T’s objections, saw their threats to sue over it, and then went ahead and passed the ordinance anyway, and mayor Megan Barry signed it into law earlier this week. So, AT&T’s making good on their threat. The complaint (PDF) can’t actually say, “we just really don’t want to compete with Google,” because that’s not a legal argument. Instead, AT&T has to lay out arguments why the ordinance is actually unlawful, so it gives three reasons. Number one: it “conflicts with and is preempted by the pole attachment regulations of the Federal Communications Commission.” This one is an interesting claim because since 2011, the FCC has been undertaking procedures to make the pole attachment process as cheap, quick, and efficient as possible for new broadband competitors. Reason two is more local: AT&T claims the ordinance is “invalid as a matter of Tennessee law because it conflicts with Metro Nashville’s Charter,” which is one for Tennessee law experts to hash out. And reason three? “The ordinance impairs AT&T’s existing contract with Metro Nashville” in violation of clauses in both the United States and Tennessee Constitutions. AT&T’s agreement with the city, that gives it the right to hang its wires from the utility poles in town, dates from 1958 — the Ma Bell era. In that contract, which AT&T helpfully provided to the court, the city agreed that, “[e]xcept as herein otherwise expressly provided, each party shall place, maintain, rearrange, transfer and remove its own attachments.” Therefore, AT&T argues, since the 1958 contract is the one under which it still operates in town, by letting anyone else (i.e., Google) touch their wires, Nashville is in violation of their agreement. After laying out its three legal arguments, AT&T concludes that unless the court declares the new rule invalid and prohibits the city from informing it, “AT&T will suffer irreparable harm that cannot be redressed by recovery of damages.” The argument is basically the same one AT&T made when it filed suit against Louisville in February. In fact, this statement in the Nashville complaint: “The Ordinance thus purports to permit a third party (the Attacher) to temporarily seize AT&T’s property, and to alter or relocate AT&T’s property, without AT&T’s consent and with little notice” is almost word-for-word identical to the complaint it made against Louisville earlier this year, when AT&T said: “The Ordinance thus purports to permit a third party… to temporarily seize AT&T’s property, and to alter or relocate AT&T’s property, without AT&T’s consent and, in most circumstances, without prior notice to AT&T.” The Louisville case is still in process, and Charter has joined AT&T in objecting to the possibility of Google coming to town. It’s anyone’s guess how long the Nashville case will take to play out. In the meantime, Google has promised legal help to Nashville in fighting the Battle Of The Giant Corporations. September 23, 2016 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc here we go nashville at&t google google fiber lawsuits Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related party in the courtroom Comcast Joins AT&T, Sues Nashville To Slow Down Google Fiber Construction so sue us Nashville Council Adopts Law To Let Google Fiber Come To Town; AT&T Prepares To Sue now shake hands Nashville Mayor Wants Google, Comcast, AT&T To Sit Down And Make Nice Over Fiber Plans gonna do it anyway Nashville Advances Proposal To Let Google Fiber In Despite AT&T, Comcast Protests everything but the kitchen sink Comcast, AT&T Try Again To Stall Google Fiber In Nashville By Writing Law To Slow It Down Previous Apple Reportedly Looking To Create Competitor To Amazon Echo Next Education Dept. Revokes Recognition Of Troubled Accreditor Of For-Profit Colleges Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Education Dept. Revokes Recognition Of Troubled Accreditor Of For-Profit Colleges Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters ! 66° Share New YouTube offensiveness offensive offends users. YouTube disables comments. By Fred Barbash / The Washington Post Friday, September 23rd, 2016 at 8:49am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........The Internet, as everyone knows, is riddled with racist, sexist, sadist ranters, not to mention trolls, stalkers, savage bullies and inciters of mayhem, from sextortion to child pornography to terrorism. A whole industry now exists of “moderators,” thousands or perhaps hundreds of thousands of them, paid to patrol sites like Facebook and Twitter, along with news sites like The Washington Post and New York Times, weeding out offensive posts and comments. YouTube, among others, has tried a variety of tactics, including real-name requirements using Google (Plus), designed to subdue the beast, “flagging” by users to alert its moderators to content for possible removal and an elite corps of “Trusted Flaggers,” which the Google-owned company says “gives users access to more advanced flagging tools as well as periodic feedback, making flagging more effective and efficient.” All this to modest avail, despite the fact that, as YouTube reports, “over 90 million people have flagged videos on YouTube since 2006 — that’s more than the population of Egypt — and over a third of these people have flagged more than one video.” So on Thursday it proposed something new, “YouTube Heroes,” essentially a gaming effort to entice users into, among other things, “mass flagging” of offensive content, which would then be reviewed by professionals and if warranted, removed. Here’s how it’s supposed to work, according to YouTube blog post: Advertisement Continue reading “YouTube Heroes will have access to a dedicated YouTube Heroes community site that is separate from the main YouTube site, where participants can learn from one another. Through the program, participants will be able to earn points and unlock rewards to help them reach the next level. For example, Level 2 Heroes get access to training through exclusive workshops and Hero hangouts, while Level 3 Heroes who have demonstrated their proficiency will be able to flag multiple videos at a time (something Trusted Flaggers can already do) and help moderate content strictly within the YouTube Heroes Community site.” YouTube explained the Heroes program with a little video, below. By early Friday morning, it had garnered 1,015,700 views. It had also garnered an overwhelming “thumbs down” (342,033 of them) versus “thumbs up” (5,500). At some point, the comments must have grown so hostile that they were disabled. An email to YouTube’s press office yielded no immediate response. But the reaction among YouTube users on Twitter, along with a bunch of parodies posted on YouTube and elsewhere provides a (moderated) glimpse of the reaction. Some suggested it was a “snitch” rewards program. Others said it would encourage YouTube vigilantism. And still others saw YouTube Heroes as a way of having users do the work the company ought to be paying for. “As someone who’s had vids falsely reported because angry mobs were angry at them, #YouTubeHeroes seems like an idea that can go bad quick,” tweeted Jim Sterling. Advertisement Continue reading “So if I have this right,” tweeted someone going under the name of ToddInTheShadows, “YouTube Heroes is more accurately YouTube Vigilante Mobs?” Twitter and YouTube itself were swamped with new videos ridiculing the idea. Apart from the merits of the idea, some suggested that YouTube’s way of introducing it left too much to the fertile imagination of some users and perhaps the pecuniary aspirations of others. Some YouTubers make good money from sponsorships of their videos. “This is a huge undertaking that you tried to explain in a minute-thirty with a nice little video,” Dan Speerin, a YouTube creator and vice-president of the Independent Web Series Creators of Canada (IWCC), told the CBC. “We need more info.” And in fairness, there’s kind of an iron law under which no regular user ever likes anything new introduced by the likes of Google, Facebook or Twitter. “We don’t know if an online community of unpaid volunteers will help rid YouTube of some of its nastier trolls, but other sites also encourage users to self-police,” wrote Gordon Gottsegen at CNET, noting that Reddit employs a similar method, “allowing some members to moderate forums and even ban other users if need be. At the very least, YouTube is acknowledging it has a problem with negative comments and inappropriate videos. Let’s hope the program starts making a difference quick.” — youtube Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: YouTube, Ponderoo add ways to watch debates – Oct 5, 2012 Bye bye, bile? Websites try to nix nasty comments – Dec 26, 2013 Google's safe browsing system targets 'unwanted software' – Mar 12, 2015 From fixing your car to braiding your hair, there’s a video for that – Jan 31, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
null
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Internet News / Microsoft or Google may buy Twitter – deal ‘before year end’ leaks Microsoft or Google may buy Twitter – deal ‘before year end’ leaks by Sean Keach 23 September 2016 0 shares Read Comments Left to right: Google CEO Sundar Pichai, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella Google, Microsoft, and several other tech firms are all respectively mulling over a complete buyout of Twitter, according to a new report. CNBC reports that Twitter has received “expressions of interest” regarding an acquisition from several companies, including Alphabet – Google’s parent company. Another prospective suitor is Salesforce, a cloud-computing company based in California. According to the report, Twitter’s board of directors are “largely desirous” of the deal, but that a sale isn’t imminent. There’s also no guarantee that a deal will go ahead, but that ongoing conversations “could result in a deal before year end”. Google is reportedly interested in the data that Twitter generates, as well as its positioning as a media company. Meanwhile, a separate report by TechCrunch links both Microsoft and Verizon (despite its ongoing Yahoo acquisition) to a potential Twitter buyout, and notes: "What we’re hearing about the Microsoft interest is that it, in part, is an attempt by the company to drive the price up and keep it out of Salesforce’s hands." Google hasn’t commented on either report, but shortly after CNBC went live, Vala Afshar, Chief Digital Evangelist at Salesforce, tweeted: He then followed that tweet up with a second post: Twitter launched back in March 2006, and has since ballooned to become one of the biggest social networks on the planet, reaching 313 million active users each month. The company employs nearly 4,000 staff, and turned over $2.21 billion in revenue last year, with a profit of $521 million. Twitter’s current valuation on the stock market is just over $16 billion, although this value doesn’t necessarily reflect an acquisition value. And if Google did pay $16 billion for Twitter, it would still fall short of Facebook’s $22 billion WhatsApp purchase back in 2014. When asked about whether the company was open to acquisition In a recent interview with Bloomberg, Twitter co-founder and board member Ev Williams said: "We’re in a strong position now, and as a board member we have to consider the right options." We've asked Twitter for comment, and will update this article with any response. Related: Google Pixel phone Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week What do you think of a potential Google Twitter buyout? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Cardboard 3D Vr Virtual Reality Glasses For Google Android W/ Head Strap Hot New $4.99 View Item ASUS GamePad Bluetooth Wireless Controller For Google Nexus Player TV Android PC £29.79 View Item VR Headset Virtual Reality VR BOX Goggles 3D Glasses Google Cardboard Remote NEW $13.59 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Google Set to Shake Up the Market by Challenging Apple's Premium iPhone Directly | Main | What's New? Another 'Fair Trade Commission' is about to open an Investigation into Apple's Carrier Contracts » September 23, 2016 Rumors Persist that Apple is Prototype Testing an All-New Siri-Centric Home Automation Device   Way back in mid-May Patently Apple posted a report titled "Google Home: Advanced Home Automation for Android Users Introduced at Google I/O." In that report we had noted that the upcoming Google Home device was very much like Amazon's Echo meets Apple TV. Just a week earlier we had posted a patent report titled "Future Apple Devices will Automate Home Automation Processes According to User Behavior Patterns," wherein we presented an overview of Apple's intellectual property relating to home automation coming to Apple TV and beyond as illustrated below (just enlarge to see the overview in detail).   Although we didn't focus on voice activation in the patent filing, it was clearly a key component noted several times throughout Apple's filing in context with a 'Cordinator Device.' We also posted a patent report specifically focused on Siri for Home Automation in late 2015.     In our mid-May report I further noted that "With Amazon and now Google catching up to and surpassing Apple's Siri in some ways, we can only hope that Apple is going to finally deliver on this kind of service for Apple TV.   One week later and 'The Information' webstie is claimed just that. The report noted that Apple was upping its game in the field of intelligent assistants. After years of internal debate and discussion about how to do so, the company is preparing to open up Siri to apps made by others. And it is working on an Amazon Echo-like device with a speaker and microphone that people can use to turn on music, get news headlines or set a timer.   Flash forward to today and Bloomberg is now reporting that "Apple Inc. is pressing ahead with the development of an Echo-like smart-home device based on the Siri voice assistant, according to people familiar with the matter.   Started more than two years ago, the project has exited the research and development lab and is now in prototype testing, said the people, who asked not to be identified discussing unannounced Apple projects. Like Amazon Inc.'s Echo, the device is designed to control appliances, locks, lights and curtains via voice activation, the people said. Apple hasn't finalized plans for the device and could still scrap the project."   Bloomberg further noted that 'If such a product reaches the market, it would be Apple's most significant piece of new hardware since the company announced the Apple Watch in 2014. Echo has been a surprise hit, even to Apple engineers working on their competing project, and is already being baked into smart-home systems made by a range of companies. Meanwhile, Alphabet Inc. is working on its own device, Google Home. Besides taking on the competition, Apple is looking for a new hot seller to augment the iPhone.   The company is attempting to differentiate itself from Echo and Google Home with more advanced microphone and speaker technology, two people said. Some of the prototypes in testing include facial recognition sensors, another person said. Apple has acquired the facial recognition startups Faceshift and Emotient over the past two years, which may help the device act based on who is in a room or a person's emotional state.   Besides serving as a controller for other smart-home devices, the speaker would theoretically be able to process many of the Siri commands available on the iPhone. For example, users may be able to ask the device to read e-mails, send text messages and Tweets, and stream content from Apple Music.   Apple has also considered integrating mapping information into the speaker, another person said, potentially allowing the device to notify a user when it's time to leave the house for an appointment." For more, read the full Bloomberg's report here.   Just as Google is ramping up their own hardware division to deliver devices like Google Home and a premium smartphone to take on Apple's iPhone in October, Apple is likely to introduce a Google Home competitor that's now in the works. It's not a device that was 'rushed' to market because of competing products, but rather one that's been in development for many years and covered by several patents to prove that fact.   So once again, when the tech press say that Apple is copying Google or Amazon, and you know that they'll frame it like that, you'll know that's a blatant falsehood because Apple's patents predate any of these competitor's products. So in reality it will be a device that fulfills their intellectual property, plain and simple.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on September 23, 2016 at 08:22 AM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Researchers discover that Certain Cheap Android Phones are Sending User's Personal Data to a Firm in Shanghai Samsung Acquires NewNet Communications to Accelerate a Next-Gen Messaging Experience for Galaxy Smartphones Apple Granted 18 Design Patents Today Covering Apple TV Remote with Siri, Giant Apple Store Doors & More A New Hardbound Book from Apple Dedicated to Steve Jobs Memory Chronicles 20 Years of Product Design Apple Wins 61 Patents Today Covering Future iPad Pro Accessories including a High-End Dock/Pivoting Stand and more Apple Granted a Patent for a Sports Version of Apple EarPods Apple Reportedly working on Digital Glasses Supporting Telephony and Augmented Reality MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Fresh Egg Integrated digital marketing Twitter Facebook Google + LinkedIn Call us on 01903 285900 Menu 01903 285900 Who we are What we do Our approach overview Analytics & insight Inbound marketing Content marketing Biddable media Search engine optimisation Conversion rate optimisation Web design & development Training Our work Our blog Resources Contact us Join us Podcasts Connect with us: Twitter Facebook Google + LinkedIn The Fresh Egg blog Latest digital marketing news Analytics & insight Inbound marketing Content marketing Biddable media Search engine optimisation Conversion rate optimisation Web design & development Training You are here: Home > Blog > Technical SEO > New Penguin Update Finally Announced The Penguin Has Landed – New Penguin Update Finally Announced Stephen Jones SEO engineer 24th September, 2016 Google has just announced that the long-awaited Penguin 4 update is rolling out. As part of the complex array of ranking signals used in the algorithm, Penguin specifically deals with link quality issues, both on and off-site. Key points about the latest Penguin update Google confirmed the Penguin update will now happen in real-time, as opposed to waiting for data refreshes. This means that remedial action to improve quality signals from backlinks or over-optimised on-site linking should produce results much more quickly Google has announced that the update will be more granular. This implies that certain parts of a site may be affected based on spam signals given by manipulative links, rather than entire domains suffering visibility loss Google also stated they will no longer comment on future refreshes. Like Panda, this is being rolled into a continuous-update model. This makes it harder to identify when sites have 'tripped' a threshold and puts the onus on webmasters to ensure sites are always compliant with quality guidelines   Think your site has been affected by Penguin? Talk to Fresh Egg about a backlink audit now The Penguin timeline What is Penguin? A link quality filter designed to combat the manipulation of site popularity by the mass creation of links on low quality websites. Why was it introduced? Part of Google’s ranking algorithm relies on links from other sites counting as 'votes' for a domain. Manipulating this seriously damaged Google’s ability to provide useful, high quality search results. How does it work? It assesses links from site to site and evaluates their quality, looking for patterns that indicate deliberate attempts to manipulate rankings.  Where evidence of a ‘link scheme’ is detected, the links in question are targeted and the site will lose visibility. See Google's guidance on what constitutes a link scheme, including examples. When was it launched? It launched on 25 April 2012, shortly after large-scale manual intervention by Google’s Webspam team. Since then it has been updated periodically, but the list of affected sites not refreshed. The last official update before today’s announcement was October 2014. What is its impact? The initial impact was huge, with many spam sites entirely removed from the index and some legitimate businesses suffering significant visibility loss. It has the potential to seriously damage or even remove site visibility. The announcement today also raises the possibility that certain areas of sites may lose visibility as opposed to the entire domain. How does a site recover from Penguin? The procedure is split over two phases: clean-up and rebuilding. Clean-up Full audit and classification of a site’s external backlinks Where possible, removal of backlinks identified as violating Google guidelines Disavowal of low quality links and domains where removal is not possible In most cases, a rolling clean-up process is required because analysis tools only provide a limited view of the complete backlink profile. Sites must also be seen to do an effective job of understanding and removing bad quality links for penalty effects to be lifted. Furthermore, the rise of ‘negative SEO’ (a concerted attempt to damage the rankings of a competitor) may mean a site can be impacted by penguin even when the owner has not engaged in active linkbuilding. Ongoing monitoring of a site is highly recommended. Rebuilding The clean-up process removes links which, prior to Penguin, influenced visibility. Therefore, in most cases, a rebuilding process is required to replace the links lost with quality, organic backlinks. This is no different to the normal inbound marketing process, but may be targeted to repair specific weaknesses left behind by Penguin and the clean-up process. Does the clean-up process guarantee the return of previous visibility? No. Firstly, the previously held rankings were driven partly by toxic backlinks, so were unwarranted. Secondly, the competitive landscape may have changed with Google display variations and competitors. Although it is possible to regain positions, it may involve significant investment in on-site improvements and inbound marketing to return to previous levels of visibility. How long does recovery from Penguin take? The good news following the latest announcement is that recovery following successful clean-up should be much faster. Sites previously impacted have had to wait since October 2014 for clean-up work to be taken into account, making rebuilding much harder. Efforts to clean and improve a backlink profile should now be apparent on a much quicker timescale, mirroring the development of the Panda update. Is it just backlinks that are a problem? No. Google will also penalise patterns of outbound links from a website to other domains. Sites at risk will display patterns that indicate attempts to manipulate Google rankings. For example, if a website’s blog has a history of accepting guest blog posts which include links that violate Google’s guidelines, that website is at risk. What can I do to protect my website? Proactive monitoring and link clean-up is highly recommended. As both Penguin and Panda are now part of Google's core algorithm, dissecting how your site has lost visibility will be harder to determine. This makes it more important than ever to ensure your backlink profile is as healthy and natural as possible and toxic links are disavowed.  In the period since the last Penguin update, there has been aggressive promotion of low quality link creation schemes and tactics in both organic and paid search results, and it is likely that some have been tempted to use these for short-term gains. Fresh Egg provides a thorough backlink auditing service which shows how ‘at risk’ your website is, and supports clean-up work to minimise the threat from Penguin assessments. Think your site has been affected by Penguin? Talk to Fresh Egg about a backlink audit now Share this post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Dos And Don’ts Of Usability Testing Everyone's Gotta Start Somewhere: The CRO Maturity Model Parts 1 & 2 Search blog Search Search Join in... Twitter Facebook Google + LinkedIn Pinterest YouTube RSS Feed Subscribe for email alerts Subscribe × Want to keep up to date with digital news from Fresh Egg? Thank you. You have successfully signed up to the newsletter. Close window. There was a problem with signing you up to the newsletter. Please try again. Don't get left behind. Improve your knowledge with the latest digital marketing news & advice right in your inbox. Subscribe for email alerts Join newsletter Blog authors Categories Analytics Biddable Media Breaking News! Business Sectors Content Marketing Conversion Services Digital strategy Digital Trends Fresh Egg Culture Inbound Marketing Innovation Mobile Social Media Software and Hardware Technical SEO Google Hosting and Site Migration Indexing and Structured Data Links Local Search Search Algorithms Search Engines SEO Penalties SEO Techniques SEO Tools SERPs Web Design Web Development Recent comments Mark Chalcraft It really depends on the implementation you've used and at what point the JavaScript takes effect, … Seven_Spades I have a website which is taking data from two data sources. So primary data is from source A but if … J.T. Smith ✓ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ My site is a list-post type of site. The posts have a higher bounce rate, lower time on page, and lower … Mark Chalcraft Hi JT, thanks for the comment. Regards using JavaScript to collapse elements after the page load - … kataromantis I use jQuery to show/hidden post. It does't hurt SEO. Fresh Egg Integrated digital marketing Call us on 01903 285900 Offices in Worthing|London|Sydney Connect with us Twitter Facebook Google + LinkedIn Homepage Terms & conditions Cookie & privacy policy Domain name registration Acceptable use policy Accessibility Contact us © 1999-2016. All rights reserved. Designed by Fresh Egg for Fresh Egg VAT number: 750 4915 34 Company registration number: 3950929 Back to top
null
null
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Mobile Roar 152: Allo finally released, Pixel marketing ramps up, and more! Joe Fedewa Sep 23rd, 2016 +5,978 SUBSCRIBE: Google Play | Sticher | iTunes | RSS | Download MP3 This week Joe and Chris talk about Allo. Does it suck? Is it awesome? Why does it exist? So many questions need to be answered. Other topics include Google’s hardcore marketing for the Pixel phones, safe Note 7’s finally available, and more! Thanks for watching/listening! Top Stories Google Allo finally released Quick Hits Google Pixel phones get date and marketing Pixel phones will be priced premium Safe Galaxy Note 7’s finally available (update out, battery color) Nougat Multi-Window works with any app HTC Bolt is smaller HTC 10 without headphone jack Comcast plans to launch mobile phone service in 2017 #tbthursday: Google Wave Wins/Fails Joe: I used Android Pay! / HTC Uh Oh sent me defective phone Chris: MEGA FAIL: Pokemon Go Plus connection issues App Picks Joe: KinScreen Chris: Nextdoor local_offer    Allo  Mobile Roar Podcast  Pixel  Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (0) stars Further Reading Allo gets themes, emoji suggestions, and more Pixel cases may cause camera issues Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X get Pixel nav bar The Verizon Pixel XL is delayed again Pixel & Pixel XL feature magnet for flip cases videocam Top Trending Videoslaunch 1 play_circle_outline more_vertSnapchat Glasses Review [VIDEO] closeHands-on with Snapchat’s fun new video sunglasses [VIDEO] Early this morning, I made the hour-long commute to be one of the first to get their hands on Snap Inc.’s brand new Snapchat glasses. Here are our thoughts. 2 play_circle_outline more_vertNokia's smartwatch prototype surfaces closeHere’s a look at the Nokia smartwatch that could have been Don’t look now, but Nokia had plans to make a smartwatch at one point in time. Those plans have apparently been shelved, but someone was able to snag a prototype to show off to the world. 3 play_circle_outline more_vertOnePlus 3T charging proves solid closeOnePlus 3T vs Pixel XL Charge Test: who can get to the finish line first? With the OnePlus 3T, OnePlus thought it was a good time to remind people just how good their Dash Charge technology is. That’s why they took one of the current kings of battery life — the Pixel XL — and put their own OnePlus 3T head-to-head against it. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Bloomberg: Apple’s Amazon Echo-like smart home device now in testing phase Jacob Siegal BGR NewsSeptember 23, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Rumors of a Siri-powered smart home device to compete with Amazon's Echo and Google's Home have been circulating since May of this year, but we haven't heard much concrete information about the project since then. On Friday, we got our first update on the device in months when Bloomberg published a report claiming that the product has now moved out of the research and development lab and into prototype testing. DON'T MISS: 10 hidden gestures in iOS 10 to help you get the most out of your iPhone According to Bloomberg's Mark Gurman, sources familiar with the matter say that development on the device started over two years ago. Similar to Amazon's Echo, the smart home accessory would be able to control lights, appliances and other connected devices around the house with voice commands. Aside from simply keeping pace with Amazon and Google, both of which have voice-controlled assistants either currently available for purchase or coming soon, Apple is also looking to bring another device to market to help bolster sales. The Apple Watch has been a success, but it's the only non-iterative product Apple has launched in the past several years. Apple needs something new on store shelves. Speaking of competing, two sources tell Bloomberg that Apple's device will differentiate itself from Echo and Home by featuring "more advanced microphone and speaker technology." Another source says that Apple has even included facial recognition sensors on some of its prototypes, which could allow the device to react or respond to a specific individual in the room with it. The report also reveals that Apple was considering turning its latest Apple TV set-top box into a smart home assistant, but those plans were scrapped when the company decided to focus on voice commands with the remote. There's still no telling whether or not Apple will actually launch this device, but at least one source says that Apple engineers have begun testing the prototypes in their homes. If Apple does end up deciding that the device is worth launching, there's a good chance we'll see an official unveiling within the next year. Trending right now: How Samsung will force you to exchange your exploding Galaxy Note 7 This tool could save you a bunch of money on an iPhone 7 purchase Last call: These Netflix movies and TV shows are being removed in October See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Tech CEO who vowed to murder Donald Trump with a sniper rifle forced to resign BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Forget Black Friday, Sam’s Club has a serious one-day sales event this Saturday BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free for a limited time BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network

DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18881.08 -0.22%   S&P 500 ▲ 2176.96 -0.16%   Nasdaq ▲ 5294.96 0.37%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -0/32 yield 2.222%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.46 -0.76%   Euro ▲ 1.0681 -0.38%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Facebook Says It Found More Miscalculated Metrics Snapchat Files for $25 Billion IPO Fake Content Pressures Facebook, Google China Tencent’s Profit Jumps on Games Gains How to Win at Christmas Shopping: Don’t Just Trust Amazon China’s Xi Opens Tech Conference With Call for ‘Cyber Sovereignty’ Trump’s Made-in-America Hurdle: Asia IBM Chief Ginni Rometty Offers Donald Trump Advice October Internet Attack Targeted PlayStation Network, Researchers Say Walgreens Claims Theranos Voided 11.3% of Test Reports Lyft Sees Cash in Dashboard Flash Amazon Sues Sellers for Offering Fake Goods on Its Site Cellphone Smudges Yield a Trove of Forensic Data Wal-Mart Fights Employee Chat App Intel Courts Autonomous-Car Makers China Consumer Group Reports Problems With iPhones Tech Stocks Miss Out on Trump Bump Chrysler Says ‘eHybrid’ Should Lower ‘Range Anxiety’ General Electric to Buy Two Tech Startups Japan Watches Samsung Chip Away at Its Car Makers Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Tech Salesforce Considers Takeover of Twitter Messaging service moves closer to a sale amid continued struggles By Dana Mattioli and Dana Mattioli The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyDana Mattioli @DanaMattioli dana.mattioli@wsj.com Yoree Koh Yoree Koh The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyYoree Koh @yoreekoh yoree.koh/ Google+ yoree.koh@wsj.com Updated Sept. 23, 2016 5:56 p.m. ET Twitter Inc. may be contemplating a future in the hands of an acquirer after a yearslong effort to sharpen its focus and ignite user growth has fallen short. Salesforce.com Inc. is considering a takeover of the social media company, according to people familiar with the matter. The exploration is in early stages, one of the people said, and might not lead to a deal. Shares of Twitter rose 21% to $22.62 on Friday after CNBC... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds How Trump Won the Presidency Auto Makers Turn to Action Movies for Inspiration Authentic or Fake? Row Over Newly Published Van Gogh Art Most Popular Articles Donald Trump’s Transition Team Reshaped House Democrats Pressure Pelosi Amid Party Turmoil Opinion: Who Is Steve Bannon? Snapchat Files for $25 Billion IPO China’s Price of Global Power: Soldiers Returning in Caskets Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan What's in that photo? Google open-sources caption tool in TensorFlow that can tell you Google's Show and Tell open-sourced imaging caption system doesn't just repeat pre-learned descriptions of images. By Liam Tung | September 23, 2016 -- 13:25 GMT (06:25 PDT) | Topic: Innovation Google's model creates new captions using concepts learned from similar scenes in training. Image: Google Google has open-sourced a model for its machine-learning system, called Show and Tell, which can view an image and generate accurate and original captions. Read this Google, NASA use quantum computing lab to advance machine learning, AI The research lab will be home to a 512-qubit quantum computer built by Canadian company D-Wave Systems. Read More The model it's released is faster to train and better at captioning images than the versions that previously helped it secure a tied first place with Microsoft Research in Microsoft's COCO 2015 image-captioning contest. The image-captioning system is available for use with TensorFlow, Google's open machine-learning framework, and boasts a 93.9 percent accuracy rate on the ImageNet classification task, inching up from previous iterations. The code includes an improved vision model, allowing the image-captioning system to recognize different objects in images and hence generate better descriptions. An improved image model meanwhile aids the captioning system's powers of description, so that it not only identifies a dog, grass and frisbee in an image, but describes the color of grass and more contextual detail. The improvements, detailed in a new paper, apply recent advances in computer vision and machine translation to image-captioning challenges. Google researchers see potential for it as an accessibility tool for visually-impaired people when viewing images on the web. That approach is similar to Facebook's use of computer-vision techniques to describe images for the blind. Google's switch from its previous implementation in DistBelief to TensorFlow has produced an impressive reduction in training speed times. "The TensorFlow implementation released today achieves the same level of accuracy with significantly faster performance: time per training step is just 0.7 seconds in TensorFlow compared to three seconds in DistBelief on an Nvidia K20 GPU, meaning that total training time is just 25 percent of the time previously required," wrote Chris Shallue, a software engineer from the Google Brain Team. According to Shallue, its captioning system doesn't just repeat descriptions for similar scenes that it learned from training on images that were already captioned by humans. It does produce the same captions sometimes, but it can also create entirely new captions when presented with new scenes and expresses them in natural-sounding English phrases. Read more on machine learning Open Mind: Microsoft's Visual Studio-like suite for machine learning Is machine learning icing on the cake for data scientists? Intel to acquire machine learning startup Nervana Systems Google buys French startup Moodstocks to boost machine learning muscle TechRepublic: Machine learning: The smart person's guide CNET: Google digs deeper on machine learning with new European research lab Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Big Data Analytics Tableau announces 'smart' features, but will it be enough to fend off the competition? Innovation Amazon Alexa and Logitech Harmony Hub: How to add voice control to your entertainment center Innovation Google Earth launches in virtual reality, coming first to HTC Vive Banking Singapore outlines fintech strategy, releases sandbox guidelines × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Better Buy: Facebook, Inc. vs Alphabet A battle between two digital advertising behemoths. Adam Levy (adamlevy) Sep 23, 2016 at 8:48AM Image source: Facebook. In the world of digital advertising, there's Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), and everybody else. Google alone accounts for more than 30% of global digital advertising spending, and Facebook accounts for another 12% or so. Investors could do well with either Facebook or Google's parent company Alphabet in their portfolios. But if you could only buy one, which should it be? All about growth Google is growing its revenue at a brisk pace, especially considering the Alphabet subsidiary brought in $74.5 billion in revenue last year. Revenue grew 13.5% year over year, and it's up another 19% through the first half of this year. But Facebook's revenue growth is out of this world by comparison. The social network grew revenue 44% last year, and it's up 56% through the first half of 2016. That kind of growth is hard to come by for a company with as much revenue as Facebook. Not only is Facebook growing its top line at a rapid pace, its margins are expanding, leading to even faster earnings growth. Net income increased 190% through the first six months of the year to $3.6 billion. Alphabet's net income, by comparison, increased 22% through the first half of 2016. That's only slightly faster than its revenue growth. It's worth noting, however, that Alphabet's net income is more than 2.5 times as much as Facebook's. Overall, analysts expect Facebook earnings per share to climb 35% per year for the next five years. Alphabet is expected to grow EPS at about half that rate, or 18%. As such, Facebook's forward price-to-earnings ratio of 33 looks more appealing, even compared to Alphabet's 23 P/E ratio. Facebook's PEG ratio -- P/E divided by growth expectations -- is just 0.9, while Alphabet's comes to 1.2. Facebook's path to growth is wider than Google's Google's growth comes principally from its owned and operated properties -- mobile search results and YouTube. Mobile search benefited from its new mobile app install ads that it launched in the third quarter of 2015. As such, growth will likely slow in the second half of the year. YouTube is Google's most clear path to growth. Facebook, comparatively, only recently opened Instagram to small business advertisers last year. Analysts have big expectations for its potential, with 500 million active users globally. Instagram could bring in $3.2 billion in revenue in its first full year of a completely open ad platform, according to Credit Suisse analysts. What's more, that revenue is expected to be incremental to Facebook's total ad revenue. Early Instagram ad budgets came out of Facebook ad budgets, cannibalizing the business, according to William Blair's Ralph Schackert. Facebook also has several properties with huge revenue potential including its messaging apps -- Messenger and WhatsApp -- and Oculus. Oculus launched its stand-alone Rift headset this year, and management says over 1 million people use Oculus' technology on their phones with Samsung Gear VR. Additionally, Facebook is continuously working on its search capabilities, which could represent a huge threat to Google if it launched a competing search engine. Facebook also mimicked Google by launching an ad network, allowing marketers to place ads in other developers' apps and websites. Both could be big catalysts for Facebook to continue growing. Alphabet has a few moonshots in the works in its Other Bets segment, but its cash cow is Google. The nature of those Other Bets, however, is that they're unlikely to work out. Facebook, by comparison, already has two platforms generating billions in revenue and still growing at a ridiculous pace. On top of that, it has two more platforms with 1 billion people using each that it's yet to monetize, and it's a pioneer in what CEO Mark Zuckerberg expects to be the next big computing platform. As such, Facebook looks like a better buy than Alphabet. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Adam Levy has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Facebook. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (adamlevy) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinal mania Follow @admlvy Article Info Sep 23, 2016 at 8:48AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $779.45 up $4.29 (0.55%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $116.31 down $0.89 (-0.76%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $763.38 up $4.89 (0.64%) Read More Facebook, Inc.'s Q3 Earnings in 10 Wild Metrics Facebook, Inc.'s Profits Surge and Its Stock Falls Better Buy: GoPro, Inc. vs. Alphabet I'm Still Worried About This Potential Facebook Time Bomb Alphabet Slows Its Fiber Roll Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Today is the birthday of tea ads in Britain and Google is celebrating with a doodle Amy Willis for Metro.co.ukFriday 23 Sep 2016 2:46 pm (Picture: Google) The very first advertisement for tea appeared in England 358 years ago today. It simply called the new beverage ‘China Drink’ with those who produced it probably oblivious to how popular the drink would become. Google is celebrating that anniversary with a special interactive doodle of, well, tea. MORE: We tasted aerosol tea and it left a lot of people confused as to why it exists MORE: Man overhears people being racist, so he buys them a cup of tea Chinese tea is believed to have first been drank by Europeans in the 16th century after Dutch and Portuguese maritime traders brought the drink to Europe. Tea was expensive in those days due to the cost of shipping and it was primarily drank by the wealthy elite. By the 17th century it was being sold in many British coffee shops and by the mid 18th century the drink was being enjoyed by the masses and had become Britain’s most popular beverage. After that fast tea clipper ships were sent en masse by the East India Company to bring back more and more black tea leaves from India and China. The Cutty Sark is an example of one of these great tea Clipper ships. Nowadays there is a great variety in the types of tea on offer from Kombucha to green or Assam. How to make the perfect cuppa (Picture: REX) Thought you knew how to make the perfect cuppa? Think again. Painstaking research into the matter has concluded that we Brits are extremely particular about how to make tea and whilst that might seem like a statement of the bleeding obvious, apparently the methodology for getting tea ‘just right’ isn’t quite so clear to everyone. Just in case you’re doing it wrong, read ahead… A new study quizzed 620 Brits on their tea preferences to help them come up with a foolproof formula and 64 per cent agreed that a teapot would be ideal, with 35 per cent happy to use a mug. Just one per cent opted for a tea infuser. Just under a half, 47 per cent, love to sip their tea from a china mug, with 34 per cent opting for the traditional cup and saucer. Almost one in five, 19 per cent, would use a mug. For the perfect cuppa, the majority, 71 per cent, agreed loose tea would be their preferred choice. Many commented that loose tea reminded them of their childhood, in particular having tea with grandparents. For 29 per cent, a teabag was preferred, with many confessing they’d never used loose tea and had no idea what all the fuss was about. Almost a half, 48 per cent said between two to three minutes was the perfect length of time for the loose tea in the teapot to brew, with 41 per cent opting for one to two minutes. The nine per cent who liked their tea strong said over three minutes was the preferred option for them, with just two per cent saying under a minute was ideal. Asked whether they’d add the milk before or after pouring, for the perfect cup of tea 62 per cent agreed on the milk going in first. A spokesperson for CheapHolidayLand.com, who conducted the survey, said: ‘Making the ideal cup of tea is a fine art – the best thing to do is ask people how they like it and follow their instructions as best as you can.’   So, the perfect cup of tea is made as follows: Loose leaf tea, brewed for two to three minutes in a teapot with milk added to it before it’s served in a china mug.  You’re welcome. MoreGoogleTea EXPOSED: Walcott humiliated in sprint race with Chelsea's Azpilicueta Chelsea star Kante steals the show for France with BRILLIANT stats Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es Chelsea suffer new Hazard injury scare in Belgium clash Belgium update Chelsea on Hazard's injury scare Alexis Sanchez hailed as world's best as Arsenal star shakes off injury to rescue Chile MORE: This new Chrome extension will fill your work days with adorable kittens MORE: Man caught on Google Street View looking like he has wet himself MORE: Google Doodle depicting The Neverending Story celebrates 37th anniversary of Michael Ende’s book Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » Richard Branson’s new ‘Boom’ jet will go from London to New York in three hours Sainsbury's staff aren't happy with Christmas advert because they've got to work Shops shouldn’t open on Boxing Day and this is why British woman 'gang raped' in Dubai faces jail for pre-marital sex Man who wants rape legalising is delighted with Donald Trump's winMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: UK › Google Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Google Pixel XL Running Android 7.1 Nougat Shows Up on Geekbench GO The smartphone could come with 4GB of RAM Sep 23, 2016 13:25 GMT  ·  By Alexandra Vaidos  ·  Share:  Google is expected to unveil two smartphones this year, developed together with HTC. Pixel and Pixel XL were previously known as Nexus Sailfish and Marlin, but it seems that Google has decided to rebrand the phones. They have been showing up on benchmark sites in various forms, but mostly under the Nexus brand. It seems that only recently has the Nexus Marlin been listed on Geekbench under its latest moniker, Pixel XL. Roland Quandt spotted the benchmark listing revealing that the Pixel XL variant runs Android 7.1 Nougat and an octa-core processor from Qualcomm clocked at 1.59GHz. The Marlin codename is also mentioned in the listing, alongside the fact that the device will come with 4GB of RAM. If you're interested in the numbers, know that the Pixel XL recorded 4176 points in the multi-core test and 1561 points in the single-core test. The latest rumors are saying that the smartphone will come with a Snapdragon 821 CPU, the latest processor model from Qualcomm. Additionally, it seems that Google’s Pixel XL and Pixel smartphones will come with Android 7.1 Nougat out of the box, which means they could also have the new Pixel Launcher and Google Assistant. Pixel and Pixel XL are said to come with IP53 certification Recent reports have shown that Pixel and Pixel XL will also feature IP53 certification, which means that the phones will be somewhat protected against water and dust. Pixel XL could also come with a 5.5-inch display with 1440 x 2560 pixel resolution. Pixel, on the other hand, is said to come with 4GB of RAM, but a smaller display of about 5.2-5.3 inches and Full HD resolution. Rear camera capacity on the smartphone could reach 12MP, with an 8MP unit in the front. Google has already started promoting the two smartphones, as it recently placed a statue showing the G logo and the October 4 launch date in Brooklyn, New York. In addition, the company released a video advertisement in order to increase the hype around the upcoming two devices. #Google#Pixel#Pixel XL#Android 7.1 Nougat#IP53 certification subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Promotes Pixel and Pixel XL Upcoming Unveiling with Statue in Brooklyn Google Pixel XL to Carry a Price Tag of $649 in the US Google Pixel XL Leaks in New Clear Case Renders Google Pixel (Nexus Sailfish) Leaks in 360-Degree Video and Press Renders Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China - Update OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: Is It Worth the Upgrade? Antivirus Firms Unite Against Microsoft Push for Windows Defender in Windows 10 Shazam for Mac Keeps the Microphone On Even After Users Manually Turn It Off iOS Flaw Allows Anyone to Bypass iPhone Passcode and Access Photos and Messages - Video Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China - Update Fantastic Beasts Stickers Come to Google Allo ZTE Grand X 4 Lands at Cricket Wireless for $129.99, for Sale on November 18    Pixel XL on Geekbench New Android APKs Switch to Windows Phone APK: Updated November 16th, 14:09 GMT Geekbench 4 APK: Updated November 16th, 14:06 GMT BeautyPlus APK: Updated November 16th, 14:01 GMT MileIQ APK: Updated November 16th, 14:01 GMT WhatsCall APK: Updated November 16th, 13:59 GMT Next Lock Screen APK: Updated November 16th, 13:55 GMT fooView APK: Updated November 16th, 13:55 GMT Reader comments Samsung Galaxy S7 Explodes in Man's Hands, Causes Him Second-Degree Burns more on: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Rugby league Cronulla Sharks v North Queensland Cowboys: NRL preliminary final – as it happened Cronulla Sharks 32-20 North Queensland Cowboys Gallen, Ennis, Lewis & co march into the Grand Final Updated James Maloney celebrates with his teammates after scoring a try during the NRL preliminary final. Photograph: Cameron Spencer/Getty Images Richard Parkin @rrjparkin Friday 23 September 2016 08.03 EDT Last modified on Monday 10 October 2016 21.29 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 7.50am EDT 07:50 Full-time: Cronulla Sharks 32-20 North Queensland Cowboys 7.48am EDT 07:48 Try! Cronulla Sharks 32-20 North Queensland Cowboys (Hess) 7.45am EDT 07:45 Try! Cronulla Sharks 32-16 North Queensland Cowboys (Feldt) 7.40am EDT 07:40 Try! Cronulla Sharks 32-10 North Queensland Cowboys (Feldt) 7.34am EDT 07:34 Try! Cronulla Sharks 32-6 North Queensland Cowboys (Maloney) 7.32am EDT 07:32 Penalty! Cronulla Sharks 28-6 North Queensland Cowboys 7.30am EDT 07:30 Live feed Show 8.02am EDT 08:02 Summary An absolutely elated Sydney Football Stadium as a stadium of Cronulla blue bursts into song. Smiles for Gallen, Ennis and friends. Luke Lewis with a wry smile, he was one of the best for the Sharks, perhaps behind Maloney who was almost a one-man tour de force. But the Cowboys. What can you say about that! A spectacular first-half implosion from the Premiers. A litany of errors, some of the most baffling you’ll ever witness on a football field. Paul Green must have walked under a ladder dressed as a black cat with a spilt salt shaker to have copped that kind of a showing from his chargers. An absolutely shattered Johnathan Thurston is asked his thoughts at full-time, and he’s ruefully succinct: “Very ordinary.” “We just shot ourselves in the foot – if you complete at 60%, really, you’re kidding yourself. We blew it.” Don’t detract from the Sharks, though. Strong work from Barba, Holmes and Bird meant they were a danger out wide, and the big men – especially Fifita and Gallen – were solid in the middle. Was it a good enough showing to scare Melbourne or the Raiders? Probably not. But now the fairytale – manufactured or otherwise – appears one step closer. The Cronulla Sharks will play in a Grand Final – their first in two decades, and are now just eighty minutes away from that elusive and fabled Premiership. Bring. It. On. Updated at 8.03am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.50am EDT 07:50 Full-time: Cronulla Sharks 32-20 North Queensland Cowboys 80 min: There’s the whistle, there’s the siren. And it’s tears for Townsend, who’s simply overcome at the death. Ennis has ended up clattered by Morgan on the last play, and some players look on in concern, but the veteran is back on his feet. The Sharks mascots and fans break into pandemonium – Cronulla have knocked out the reigning Premiers and they’re through to the Grand Final! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.48am EDT 07:48 Try! Cronulla Sharks 32-20 North Queensland Cowboys (Hess) 79 min: Well, they’re making all the running, but it really is too little too late. The Sharks haven’t taken their foot off, but the desperation of the Queenslanders is making this scoreboard almost lie as to how this game has unfolded. Thurston with a hurried conversion attempt – he won’t want to see that again, a real shank. No extras. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.46am EDT 07:46 78 min: Cheeky stuff from the crowd – they’re enjoying themselves even if the Cowboys are running in tries. They reckon they’re home, and they’re almost certainly right too. They get the Viking clap going – take that Raiders fans. I thought we’d have to wait for the A-League season to see that one come out, but league fans have claimed it as their own. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.45am EDT 07:45 Try! Cronulla Sharks 32-16 North Queensland Cowboys (Feldt) 75 min: Taumololo charges about 10m out. Thurston finds Morgan, who has Coote running an inside line, but the Sharks keep him at bay. Thurston kicks crossfield, looking for Feldt and the winger with the colossal leap is too strong for Feki. A great curling kick from Thurston, and he makes it a six pointer. Just for pride, and even if he looks shattered out there, he won’t quit, the veteran champion. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.42am EDT 07:42 73 min: Another wave of Cronulla attack, and another young Shark puts JT on his backside in the tackle. A torrid night for the veteran. Luke Lewis about 5m out. They spin to the right, as Bird probes. A kick is put through for Townsend – he looks for the regather! But can’t ground it. Seven tackles for the Cowboys. And a penalty to boot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.40am EDT 07:40 Try! Cronulla Sharks 32-10 North Queensland Cowboys (Feldt) 72 min: Well, a great moment of individual skill from Feldt, with a seeming wall of light blue defenders in front of him, he wriggles and stretches and plants an arm through the thicket to cross the try line. JT from the touchline – he’s copping the razz from the home fans, and it’s not his best to be fair. Not much more than a consolation, that try, surely. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.37am EDT 07:37 69 min: Granville scampers from dummy half, some of them are still trying, but you can’t help but feel the reaper of grim, grim darkness just hovers above some of the Cowboys players. A small slice of fortune, Feki is tested with a highball but seems to twist an ankle, or cramp as he takes it – gets in a horrible knot, and puts it down. What can the Cowboys make of it? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.34am EDT 07:34 Try! Cronulla Sharks 32-6 North Queensland Cowboys (Maloney) 67 min: Unbelievable! The Cowboys try a short kickoff – not sure if it goes the ten, but they regather. But then on about the second play they chance a pass, and who should pop up by James Maloney. A terrific intercept, and with Cowboys players swarming all around him, the former Roster just cuts a path through them all! Decent attempt with the boot, but the attempt hits the upright. Seems he’s human after all. What a night Maloney’s having. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.32am EDT 07:32 Penalty! Cronulla Sharks 28-6 North Queensland Cowboys 64 min: Either way, Maloney takes the shot, and makes no mistake. JT is boiling. Nothing’s falling for the Cowboys. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.30am EDT 07:30 63 min: They kick for touch, but a sloppy set piece from the Sharks. A bit too intricate there. Confusion here, Bukuya’s lost the ball in the play-the-ball, but not sure if the two referees have blown opposite ways? Thurston’s blown up here – almost certainly from his own frustration. He’ll have to be careful, the mics pick up his conversation with the ref, and it’s colourful to say the least. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.27am EDT 07:27 60 min: Fifita with another barnstorming carry, but just as it opens for them a poor pass bounces off the shoulder of Graham. What can the Cowboys muster? A long range kick. Barba regathers well and beats the chaser, Thurston. Now Asiata penalised for man-handling Ennis at the play-the-ball. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.25am EDT 07:25 57 min: Maloney with a perfectly weighted kick to split the Cowboys back two. Good pressure on the Cowboys, but they’ve been penalised for inside ten, and a reliefing kick to touch. Taumololo brings it to the 30m line. Thurston looks around, nothing happening. Morgan with a chipped effort, but it’s not flash. Feldt tries to bat it backwards but almost puts it on a plate for a 90m. Thurston penalised for stripping the ball; nothing going right for this great, great champion of rugby league tonight. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.22am EDT 07:22 Try! Cronulla Sharks 26-6 North Queensland Cowboys (Coote) 56 min: Would you believe that! Maloney’s got three players hanging on him, he appears for all money held up short, and he wriggles, and writhes, and as the tackle never seems to end, he just gets it down! Coote, almost as an afterthought, tries to stop the grounding. Too late. The tryscorer converts his own try. 2 more points. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.20am EDT 07:20 54 min: 36,000+ inside the stadium tonight – pretty good turnout for the Sharks. Maybe they are, just now starting to wonder #WhyNotUs? Barba jinks from almost a standing start and beats his immediate marker. Maloney stretches and pushes.. He’s held short. Surely. Or wait.. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.18am EDT 07:18 Try! Cronulla Sharks 20-6 North Queensland Cowboys (Lewis) 52 min: North Queensland forced to defend again. Cronulla probe left, they probe right. Ennis delays the pass to Townsend, and as Lewis cuts a run that looks like a decoy, the halfback puts a super ball on his chest, and this time, the veteran does bundle over! Great move from the Sharks, and Maloney makes it a six-pointer with a fine kick right over the dot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.15am EDT 07:15 50 min: Great run from Bukuya! He skips inside the markers and wrestles past about three players. Leutele looks to put Holmes in in the corner, but Morgan knocks the ball to ground. Six again, Sharks! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.13am EDT 07:13 47 min: Cripes, Maloney’s good at those – Bowen catches about 50cm into the field of play, but is tackled in-goal, and the Sharks get a repeat six from the drop out. Cronulla elect not to kick, but go through the hands. A lovely bit of play that ends with the veteran Lewis, almost in a hole about 5m out. Just for a whisper it looked like the former Panther was through, but great scrambling defence shuts him down just as he was looking for an offload. Turnover. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.11am EDT 07:11 44 min: Cronulla with it as they bring out from their own line. Strong running from Leutele and a tidy enough kick to end the set. Granville with a good dart from dummy half. Thurston drives a kick into the shins of Feki who traps the ball like a veteran centre back in the soccer days of yore. Lewis with a good offload and Cronulla keep the ball alive. Leutele again prominent, before Bowen climbs well to defuse an inch-perfect bomb. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.07am EDT 07:07 Try! Cronulla Sharks 14-6 North Queensland Cowboys (Coote) 42 min: North Queensland progress steadily, before Bolton is pulled down about a metre out. They go left, and Thurston looks for a grubber. It’s not great to be honest, but it rebounds of a leg and sits up awkwardly for Townsend, who’s stripped by Coote in a one-on-one tackle, and Coote crosses. No mistake from Thurston from about 10m to the left of the uprights. A touch of fortune there for North Queensland, and haven’t we got a game on now! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 7.04am EDT 07:04 Second half: Cronulla Sharks 14-0 North Queensland Cowboys 40 min: And we’re back! Cowboys kick off. Good metres from Heighington, before Ennis drills a regulation kick down to Ponga. The youngster regathers about 20m out. Penalty to the Cowboys, as Bowen looks to get caught in a ‘crusher’ tackle. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.58am EDT 06:58 I’m still rubbing my eyes over that one. And to think, with two tries disallowed/butchered, the Sharks could have been another twelve points up. Is that the message from Paul Green – boys; we could have been dead and buried, but we’re not. Forget that forty, we’ve got same again to salvage some pride? Some footage of Mick Ennis inside the Cronulla dressing room just absolutely laying it down to his teammates. Cut out the expletives and I imagine that was something like “well met, fellows, let us not become complacent”. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.48am EDT 06:48 Half-time: Cronulla Sharks 14-0 North Queensland Cowboys That’s enough, says the siren. Gee whiz. I really can’t think of a worse half of football played by the Cowboys this season. And in a preliminary final! The Sharks good enough value for their lead – but they haven’t really done anything too extraordinary. Go grab a cuppa or splash some cold water in your face. What did you make of that curious, curious forty minutes of footy? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.46am EDT 06:46 38 min: Morgan with a massive kick, but a barnstorming run from Holmes puts JT on his backside with a really strong return run. Huge impact! Sharks are having a red hot go at this, Maloney goes to the air put JT cleans up. He’s surrounded by chasers and carried dead. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.43am EDT 06:43 Try! Cronulla Sharks 14-0 North Queensland Cowboys (Townsend) 35 min: A huge offload from Heighington and Maloney finds a gap. He burst through and looks for a man inside – he finds Townsend – surely a forward pass! But Gerard Sutton’s had no hesitation and blown a try! Well, you wouldn’t want to try a call like that in Queensland, but this local crowd seems to have enjoyed it. 9 times out of 10; 99 out of 100, surely that’s called forward?? Maloney doesn’t mind, and he calmly slots the extras from dead in front. Updated at 7.07am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.40am EDT 06:40 32 min: Barba down in backplay, we’ll monitor that. A lost ball – was it stripped, was it lost cold by Cronulla? Referee opts with the Cowboys, and now they’ve got a penalty. They take the tap about 20m out. JT goes left. Good carry from Hess, he’s only about 6m out. A lose pass and momentum is lost, they regress over a tackle or two. JT tries a grubber on the sixth, but doesn’t even make the in-goal. Ennis there to clean up. Barba rejoins gingerly, but he’s not moving too comfortably. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.37am EDT 06:37 28 min: I’ve always rated Coote, but between this start and the game against the Broncos, gee whiz. Sharks are just peppering with the sixth tackle high balls, but to his credit, Coote’s nailed this one under heavy pressure. That one’s caught in-goal, so the Cowboys can have a proper six. Good carry up field, and a difficult kick from JT. Now it’s the Sharks pinned in their own in-goal, and Townsend cleans up from a Holmes spill in the tackle. Six now for North Queensland. Their first real look at the Sharks’ line. Updated at 6.37am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.34am EDT 06:34 Penalty! Cronulla Sharks 8-0 North Queensland Cowboys 26 min: Good grief. Cowboys are having a genuine ‘mare here – Kyle Feldt with the in-goal restart – and he’s put it into touch! The crowd can’t believe this – who are you, and what have you done with the reigning Premiers?! Maloney opts for a shot at goal, and this time it’s on target. An extra two for the Sharks. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.32am EDT 06:32 25 min: Taumololo lines up Gallen, some big impacts here. Cronulla go to the air, a booming, swirling high ball, and Coote’s received it a metre inside the field of play, and then been absolutely nailed into his own in-goal. Line drop out – another set of six. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.30am EDT 06:30 Try! Cronulla Sharks 6-0 North Queensland Cowboys (Feki) 22 min: Well, look. This scrambling defence could only take so much. Cronulla throw it left, Fifita with another key offload, they go through the hands, and it’s Sosaia Feki in the corner. Great work, he still had two to beat but the winger stayed in touch. No extras from the sideline, as Maloney misses with the boot. Updated at 7.08am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.28am EDT 06:28 19 min: Speak to soon – Coote looks for a booming kick and puts it over the dead ball line. Mistake that, and Cronulla have seven tackles. Gallen with some barge, good yards from the skipper. They spin to the right, but Bird is wrapped up. Through the hands to the right and Barba joins in, but decent sliding cover from the Cowboys. Fifita hit’s the line, he’s got them worried, has Fifita. Ennis tries a grubber from about 3m out, it strikes the legs of a Cowboys player, and referee Cummins adjudges that Scott has knocked on. Six more Cronulla! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.25am EDT 06:25 Penalty! Cronulla Sharks 2-0 North Queensland Cowboys 17 min: After all that, finally some scoreboard action – is that a letoff of a blow to the Cowboys? They were on the ropes for so long there you’d imagine they’d be stoked with just copping two. They restart a swirling, curling effort – it appears conditions are wreaking a bit of havoc out there – at least we’ll give Coote and JT’s various errors the benefit of the doubt – and Barba does well. Cronulla complete the six, and this resumes as a traditional game of rugby league after that frankly bizarre first fifteen minutes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.22am EDT 06:22 15 min: Has someone slipped something in JT’s mash? Bizarre last play pass from Thurston and he’s just lobbed it forward! Did it slip as he played? That looked horrid, and it’s a turnover. Cronulla with a chance to continue the pressure – Cowboys are on the back foot and they’re eventually penalised. And after all this, Maloney elects to take a shot at some points. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.19am EDT 06:19 14 min: This time Cronulla spin to test the Cowboys right-edge defence. Ennis eventually tries the grubber, but under pressure from Morgan he’s not connected. Finally a scrum for North Queensland, and a chance to build a proper set. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.18am EDT 06:18 13 min: The Sharks probe, Taumololo with a crucial tackle. Not enough innovation here, as they eventually go to the toe. Coote takes dead, and they’ve earned a third repeat set of six. Excruciating pressure here. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.17am EDT 06:17 11 min: Would you believe this! Early in the count the Cowboys have absolutely duffed a routine play the ball; and they’re back on the defensive. Young Bowen with a harrowing simple mistake – and the Sharks have six good long looks at the Cowboy’s line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.16am EDT 06:16 9 min: Well, it’s all up the Cowboys end. They defend another six from the Sharks, and try to bring their way out. JT throws it early, and Townsend almost intercepts. He knocks it to ground, and North Queensland get a respite. Chance to breathe and regather, what can they come up with. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.14am EDT 06:14 No try! Cronulla Sharks 0-0 North Queensland Cowboys 7 min: The Coote horror show continues! Cronulla kick to the ingoal, and Coote waits for it go dead; but it just won’t! Townsend races through and grounds, and Cronulla think they’ve got a try. We got upstairs, but Townsend hasn’t got any downward pressure on it! Well, here’s a let off. How have the Cowboys not conceded? Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.12am EDT 06:12 7 min: Nothing flash, that six from the Sharks, but now we have a handling error from the Cowboys, again it’s JT whose pass goes behind the runner. It is ALL happening on the mistake front here from the Cowboys. A real nervy start, this. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.10am EDT 06:10 No try! Cronulla Sharks 0-0 North Queensland Cowboys 5 min: Well, the crowd explodes as Andrew Fifita bashes his way through, and claims a try – but video ref says, no dice! Fifita accused of a double movement. Gallen’s not happy, but that’s that. Well, this is a bizarre start – Thurston has kicked to touch from the restart, and not found it! Sharks regather and attack the line again. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.08am EDT 06:08 4 min: The Sharks sniff left, they sniff right. A great passage gets Ennis about 3m out and he’s in a one-on-one. All he has to do is beat his man, and he’s through – but phenomenal ball and all bear hug from Matt Scott! Great stuff from the skipper. Cowboys hang on, and Maloney tries a grubber to the corner. Repeat six – it’s a line drop out. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.06am EDT 06:06 3 min: Deary, deary me. Well, Flanagan said they’d go after him, but Coote’s having another early game shocker! Cronulla kick to the former Panther, and he’s dropped it cold, with nobody within 20 metres. Huge opportunity, as the Sharks get a full set of six, well into the danger zone. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.04am EDT 06:04 Pffffft! First-half 1 min: Cowboys receive and skipper Scott is tackled about 5m out from his own line. Taumololo with some big early metres. Nth Qld go through the hands early and Bowen gets some good metres. First kick from Coote is a bit shanky, but Cowboys retrieve and kick again. Barba defuses about 10m out from the Sharks line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 6.01am EDT 06:01 It’s definitely not a mixed crowd – the players are entering the field of play, JT leads out the Cowboys to a chorus of boos; Gallen brings out his Sharks to rapturous applause. It’s a sea of blue, well, BW&B, in the crowd, as you’d expect – as both sets of players mark a minute’s silence for the great, late Ron Massey. Lovely video tribute, and impeccably observed by the fans. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.58am EDT 05:58 First blood, Sharks. Cronulla Sharks FC (@Cronulla_Sharks) The Sharks have won the toss & will run right to left in the 1st half #WhyNotUs #NRLFinals pic.twitter.com/BN39tLq6Z4 September 23, 2016 Incidentally, your referee tonight is Ben Cummins, with Gerard Sutton on the plastic backup whistle. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.55am EDT 05:55 We talk about experience when it comes to finals and with these two sets of heads, there’s surely a few to choose from. Gallen and Ennis have over 550 NRL games between them, and Thurston is not too far from 300 games himself. At the other scale of things though there’s some pretty green lads out there. Bowen and Hess have less than 10 games each to their name, and young Ponga makes just his second start. No pressure, kid. Capewell for the Sharkies has just three showings. Could any of these be weak spots? Or will they play with the abandon of kids who’ve never felt the pain of a finals loss? Popular consensus seems to suggest the Cowboys should have enough ‘big game experience’ in key positions to edge this – but can you rule out the Sharks, in Sydney? Send us your predictions, boasts, insights – I promise I won’t hold these as blackmail should the game take a different direction. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.44am EDT 05:44 We’re not too far away from kickoff as the players take to the hallowed well, existing, grass of the Sydney Football Stadium for final warm ups. Some team news: Cronulla – Ben Barba, Sosaia Feki, Jack Bird, Ricky Leutele, Valentine Holmes, James Maloney, Chad Townsend, Andrew Fifita, Michael Ennis, Matt Prior, Luke Lewis, Wade Graham, Paul Gallen (c) Interchange: Gerard Beale, Chris Heighington, Kurt Capewell, Jason Bukuya So, disregard that Tagataese tease, the big man’s not made the interchange bench as pre-promised. How crucial could that prove for Cronulla? Having Gallen and Graham fit to start though cannot be understated. Cowboys – Lachlan Coote, Kyle Feldt, Justin O’Neill, Javid Bowen, Kalyn Ponga, Michael Morgan, Johnathan Thurston (c), Matt Scott (c), Jake Granville, James Tamou, Gavin Cooper, Coen Hess, Jason Taumalolo Interchange: Rory Kostjasyn, John Asiata, Scott Bolton, Ben Hannant No Kyle Linnett, as discussed, but a massive opportunity for younster Ponga. He put in a pretty tidy shift against the Broncos, but watch to see if the Sharks halves target him early on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.37am EDT 05:37 Hihi. Hope this finds you well, from wherever it is you’re following the coverage. Are you stuck in the field in outer Baku, or Timbukbu, frantically waving your Nokia 3210 around for reception to follow the coverage? Drop us a line – either at @rrjparkin or richard.parkin.casual@theguardian.co.uk – we’d love to hear from you. Massive night and a massive game – feel free to shave #WhyNotUs into the back of your colleague’s head as he/she sits slumped over their desk at work. Photos welcome. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 5.32am EDT 05:32 Preamble Moving past the burning issue of whether the games immediately before a Grand Final should mandatorily be called semi-finals, the simple fact remains – whoever wins this eighty minutes of fast, frantic and frame-shuddering footy will be playing in the Big One. In Cronulla’s case, we’ve been bombarded with this narrative of a 49-year wait for a premiership and #WhyNotUs. Are you sick of it yet? The spin doctors at Cowboys presumably decided against countering this with their own situation: #355DayDrought perhaps doesn’t quite have the same ring. On the field, the Sharks have had a scratchy finish to the season, notching loses to the Storm, Rabbitohs, St George (need I go on?) – but the only result they’ll worry about is the close-fought win over the Raiders that earned them a week off, thus allowing skipper Paul Gallen to mend his back, stand-in skipper Wade Graham to fix his head, and Sam Tagataese to cure his shoulder – huge additions in a battle where they’ll need every man at his best. Kane Linnett has reportedly not made it back for the Cowboys, but while it’s a team game, you can’t help but think the players that will really matter tonight will be called JT. Just to hedge your bets though, there’s two to choose from – mercurial halfback Johnathan Thurston OR the week-on-week reputation-enhancing one-man demolition squad Jason Taumalolo. If he doesn’t have some good ol’ whacks at Gallen or Andrew Fifita then rugby league is broken. Shane Flanagan tried to get the mind games going during the week by suggesting the Sharks would target Cowboys fullback Lachlan Coote after his underwhelming show against the Broncos. Paul Green took no backward steps in pointing out that it’s Cronulla’s halfback Chad Townsend – hooked during the first half against the Raiders – who will really be feeling the pressure. It’s been a pretty even recent history shared between the two sides, although Moore Park has been a bit of a haunted house for the Cowboys in recent time. It’s finely balanced, you’d suggest, and a large parochial crowd all furiously baying “#WhyNotUs” could just prove the difference. Game on. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 4.11am EDT 04:11 Richard will be here shortly to take you through tonight’s match. In the meanwhile, here’s a nice little piece from Sam Perry about last week’s cracking semi-finals. On-field brilliance gives NRL honchos some welcome finals reprieve | Sam Perry Read more Updated at 4.23am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close Topics Rugby league NRL Cronulla Sharks North Queensland Cowboys Australia sport Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Sports › Rugby league Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
null
null
null
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Google updates Penguin, says it now runs in real time within the core search algorithm The latest announced release, Penguin 4.0, will also be the last, given its new real-time nature. Barry Schwartz on September 23, 2016 at 8:00 am More After a nearly two year wait, Google’s Penguin algorithm has finally been updated again. It’s the fourth major release, making this Penguin 4.0. It’s also the last release of this type, as Google now says Penguin is a real-time signal processed within its core search algorithm. Penguin goes real-time Penguin is a filter designed to capture sites that are spamming Google’s search results in ways that Google’s regular spamming systems might not detect. Introduced in 2012, it has operated on a periodic basis. In other words, the Penguin filter would run and catch sites deemed spammy. Those sites would remain penalized even if they improved and changed until the next time the filter ran, which could take months. The last Penguin update, Penguin 3.0, happened on October 17, 2014. Any sites hit by it have waited nearly two years for the chance to be free. Those long delays are now to be a thing of the past, according to Google. With this latest release, Penguin becomes real-time. As Google recrawls and reindexes pages — which happens constantly — those pages will be assessed by the Penguin filter. Pages will be caught and/or freed by Penguin as part of this regular process. As Google said in its post: With this change, Penguin’s data is refreshed in real time, so changes will be visible much faster, typically taking effect shortly after we recrawl and reindex a page. Penguin becomes more page-specific, not sitewide only Google also said this new Penguin algorithm is “more granular.” From its post: Penguin is now more granular. Penguin now devalues spam by adjusting ranking based on spam signals, rather than affecting ranking of the whole site. Previously, Penguin was a sitewide penalty. So, does being “more granular” mean that it’s now page-specific? Yes and no, it seems. We asked Google for more clarity about this, and we were told: It means it affects finer granularity than sites. It does not mean it only affects pages. Our best interpretation of this statement is that Penguin might impact specific pages on a site, or it might impact sections or wide swaths of a site, while other pages are fine. Google will no longer confirm Penguin update Google also said with this update, it will no longer confirm future Penguin updates. That makes sense. Since it’s a constant process, there’s nothing to confirm. Is Penguin fully live? This real-time Penguin update is probably not fully live yet. It is now “rolling out,” Google said. Google didn’t tell us how long it may take to roll out, but I suspect it won’t take that long, maybe a couple of weeks. If Google regularly revisits your pages, then you should likely see the change quickly. If Google comes to your site more infrequently, it may take longer. Some swore they saw this roll out yesterday, but Google would not confirm that. Past Penguin updates For history buffs, here’s the rundown on Penguin updates over time, as well as the impact they’ve had on queries, according to Google: Penguin 1.0 on April 24, 2012 (impacting ~3.1% of queries) Penguin 1.1 on May 26, 2012 (impacting less than 0.1%) Penguin 1.2 on October 5, 2012 (impacting ~0.3% of queries) Penguin 2.0 on May 22, 2013 (impacting 2.3% of queries) Penguin 2.1 on Oct. 4, 2013 (impacting around 1% of queries) Penguin 3.0 on October 17, 2014 (impacting around 1% of queries) Penguin 4.0 & real-time on September 23, 2016 Penguin 4.0, Google would not give a specific number of the percentage of queries it impacted, mostly because the update is constantly happening and the percentage will constantly be changing. About The Author Barry Schwartz Barry Schwartz is Search Engine Land's News Editor and owns RustyBrick, a NY based web consulting firm. He also runs Search Engine Roundtable, a popular search blog on very advanced SEM topics. Barry can be followed on social media at @rustybrick, +BarrySchwartz and Facebook. For more background information on Barry, see his full bio and disclosures, click over here. Related Articles How many days has it been since the last Google Penguin Update? Google: New Penguin Algorithm Update Not Happening Until Next Year Google: Next Penguin Update Should Happen By End Of 2015 Google Confirms The Real Time Penguin Algorithm Is Coming Soon Channel: SEOGoogle: Algorithm UpdatesGoogle: PenaltiesGoogle: Penguin UpdateGoogle: SEOGoogle: Web Search Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Consumer Get the best search news, tips and resources, delivered each day. SUBSCRIBE El Santo Google doodle honors Mexican wrestler Rodolfo Guzmán Huerta Credited with popularizing the Mexican sport of lucha libre wrestling, the legendary wrestler would have been 99 years old today. Amy Gesenhues on September 23, 2016 at 7:45 am More Following its doodle to mark the first day of fall, Google has replaced its logo again today with a doodle to honor Mexican wrestler Rodolfo Guzmán Huerta on what would have been the luchador’s 99th birthday. Known as El Santo in the ring, Huerta is credited with making the Mexican sport of lucha libre wrestling so popular. “More commonly known as ‘El Santo’ (The Saint), this legendary, silver-masked luchador wrestled for nearly five decades and is remembered as one of the greatest sports figures in Mexican history,” reports the Google Doodle Blog. Google says the wrestler kept his famous silver mask on throughout his career to hide his identity, removing it only once during an appearance on the Mexican talk show Contrapunto. He would die five days later at the age of 67, on February 5, 1984. The doodle includes a slide show of the following images honoring the silver-masked wrestler and links to “El Santo” search results. Google is displaying the doodle on its US home page, as well as on home pages across Central America and most countries in South America, along with a handful of other international pages. About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Related Articles Autumnal Equinox Google doodle welcomes first day of fall in the Northern Hemisphere 2016 Doodle 4 Google contest asks students to look to the future Yma Sumac Google doodle celebrates the "Peruvian Songbird" soprano Labor Day Google doodle marks holiday honoring the American workforce Channel: ConsumerGoogle: Logos Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success Transform From Product-Centric Campaigning to Customer-Centric Experiences See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google SEO > Google: You Don't Have To Rush Into Progression Web Apps (PWA) Google: You Don't Have To Rush Into Progression Web Apps (PWA) Sep 23, 2016 • 7:33 am | (0) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google Search Engine Optimization Prev Story Next Story PWAs, progressive web apps, is a Google protocol that helps make richer mobile web pages that act like mobile apps but they are not native iOS or Android apps. For the past few months, Gary Illyes from Google has been toying with me to make a PWA version of this site. But since I have awesome native apps for iOS and Android (download them!) making a PWA version doesn't make much sense at this point, in my opinion. PWAs do work well with AMP, so that is something to consider. But yesterday, Gary Illyes was being serious with Duane Forrester on Twitter and told him there is no reason to rush into PWAs. He wrote, "I think people should know what it is and evaluate whether it makes sense for them, but I wouldn't rush into it." @DuaneForrester I think people should know what it is and evaluate whether it makes sense for them, but I wouldn't rush into it— Gary Illyes (@methode) September 22, 2016 Yes, evaluate it - Gary made me have a serious discussion about PWAs versus native apps here and PWAs are good in many cases, but if you can build mobile apps and do something more useful with them - then it is something to think about. Forum discussion at Twitter. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google AdWords Call Conversion Tracking Now Easier   Comments: No comments. blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Facebook to Fix Metrics Bugs in Insights Microsoft Takes Platinum Membership at The Linux Foundation Digital Point Forums Is Better Analytics Right for my company? Which tool is better one? Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
Search Engine Roundtable     Home Browse by Categories Browse By Dates Search » Turn Off Mobile Site [X] Close Home > Google News > Google AdWords > Google AdWords Call Conversion Tracking Now Easier Google AdWords Call Conversion Tracking Now Easier Sep 23, 2016 • 7:17 am | (4) by Barry Schwartz | Filed Under Google AdWords Prev Story Next Story Google posted on Google+ that there is a new and easier way to implement call conversion tracking with AdWords. Now you implement one snippet of code per landing page and Google will dynamically serve the right number. Google said that all you need to do is tell them "the phone number you want to track calls for and then install one auto-generated conversion tracking tag on your website." Google said that "this means you no longer have to separately add a Javascript snippet for each instance a phone number appears on your landing page." Clearly this "works best if you only need to track one phone number for a given landing page," Google added. This can save time for some of you who use call tracking conversions with AdWords. Forum discussion at Google+. Prev Story Next story Tweet This Previous story: Google El Santo Mask Logo   Comments: Mambo Man 09/23/2016 11:48 am Now that's a nice! John Leary 09/25/2016 07:23 pm Great article.. could you give me some tips about improving SEO results for my website .. www.getrichonlinebusiness.com .. I would really appreciate it Anthony Trollope 09/26/2016 03:02 pm Some PPC software tools like WordStream have been offering this for a while, but good to finally see Google release something homegrown built. Call tracking remains a tricky thing to get accurate. Daniel Abelsohn 10/20/2016 10:56 pm Google's product can be a little bit limited in the data and features available. At Delacon, we actually do this as well but provide more data and a whole lot more features http://www.delaconcorp.com/supercharged-adwords-call-forwarding/ blog comments powered by Disqus The pulse of the search community Subscribe Subscribe options ADVERTISERS Search buzz Video 11/11/2016 08:39 am Subscribe More videos Video Details Browse by: Browse by Date Find by Category Discover by Author Scan Most Recent See Comments View Tag Cloud SEM FORUM THREADS WebmasterWorld Forums Google to Ban AdSense Publishers With Fake News Sites Twitter Now Lets You "Mute" Keywords and Phrases Digital Point Forums How To increase like in your facebook page How Can I increase my Google+ Followers Sponsored links Best SEO Company Link Penalty Recovery £200 includes locating & contacting Submit a Thread Forum Search Awards About Us Seals Advertise Contact Full Site The content at the Search Engine Roundtable are the sole opinion of the authors and in no way reflect views of RustyBrick ®, Inc Copyright © 1994-2016 RustyBrick ®, Inc. Web Development All Rights Reserved. This work by Search Engine Roundtable is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 United States License. Creative Commons License
