DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Home > OK, Google, what can you do? Tips and tricks for… OK, Google, what can you do? Tips and tricks for the Google Home By Dan Evon — November 19, 2016 10:00 AM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends The latest entry into the world of voice-activated assistants comes from a company you’ve probably heard of before: Google. The apt-titled Google Home functions in a similar way to its main competitor, the Amazon Echo, but has the added benefit of Google services such as Google Calendar and Google Keep. This enables the speaker to not only be the center of your smart home, but the center of your life. More: Everything that’s compatible with Google Home at launch The Amazon Echo has Alexa and Apple has Siri, but the brain behind Google Home doesn’t really have a name. Instead, the company has decided to name its AI “Google Assistant.” While the company opted for a rather mundane name, Google Assistant has plenty of tricks up its sleeves. If you just bought a Google Home, or if you’re curious about what this little device can do, here are some tips to get you started with your new smart speaker. Get the morning report What do you have to do today? Google Assistant knows. Simply ask Google Home to “tell me about my day” and you’ll get an audio report about future meetings, your morning commute, the weather, and any pertinent reminders you’ve set. This morning report is also easy to customize. You can choose to exclude any of the aforementioned categories, including info pertaining to your weather and morning commute, and can add items like a news report. Google Assistant also allows you to choose your preferred news sources, so you’ll only get the information that you care about. You’ll have to connect your calendar, and for now it only has the ability to share info from a single “main” calendar. That means your significant other’s events won’t get listed off, and neither will info from shared calendars. Embrace the ecosystem If you’re interested in Google Home, there’s a good chance that you already use several of Google’s other products. Google Home was designed to work within Google’s ecosystem, and as such, the product is most useful for people who frequently utilize services such as Google Calendar and Google Keep. With these services, Google Home can truly be your own personal assistant. You can have it check your schedule, set reminders, or add items to your shopping lists with a simple voice command. Google Home can still be a useful tool if you don’t use the company’s other services, sure, but you won’t be using the device to its full potential. Get connected While Google Home can’t match Alexa in terms of connected apps — at least not yet — the personal assistant does play well with a few notable services. For music, you can connect your speaker to Pandora, TuneIn, Google Music, Spotify, or YouTube. If you use any of those services, it’s a good idea to link your accounts. You can also choose your preferred music service, so when you tell Google to “play music” it will automatically start playing from your favorite music provider. Google Home also works with a few smart home products, including Google Cast, Nest, Philips Hue lights, and Smart Things. While most of Google’s connected services deal with products inside your house, you can also connect this speaker to your Uber account. Name your devices Google Home is meant to be the center of your smart home life. If you have a Google Chromecast connected to your TV, for example, you’ll be able to use Google Home to play a YouTube video or a song from Pandora from your television. This isn’t too complicated if you only have one connected device, but if you have multiple gadgets connected to your Google Home, you’ll want to personalize their names. You can change the name of your Chromecast to “TV,” for instance, or “Living Room.” You’ll want to pick a name that’s easier to say than “Chromecast,” and one that helps you remember the location of your device. Turn off the mic and get some privacy One of the reasons why Google Home is such a useful device is that it’s always listening. You can ask it a question or issue a command at any time with nothing more than your voice. However, this feature might be a little unnerving for some people. Do you really want Google, or any other company, to listen to everything you say? It’s also possible for Google Home to butt into your conversations even if you haven’t directly addressed it. Google’s four-syllable wake phrase, “OK Google,” will probably prevent this from happening too often, but we’ve had it perk up at very strange times. Whatever the reason, disabling the microphone on Google Home is pretty simple. There’s a “mic mute” button on the back of the device, which allows you to quickly turn the microphone on or off. Reset it If you find that your better half gets way more use out of the Google Home than you, then you might want to bequeath the benefits, like the calendar and commute times, to them. If your account is already linked, you can do a factory reset by holding down the microphone button for about 15 seconds. That allows you to link a different Google account, until the speaker becomes smart enough to set up different user profiles. Google it Google bills its Google Assistant as “your own personal Google,” and you should use it as such. Think of all the ways that you use Google on a desktop. Well, you can pretty much do all of that with this speaker. Want to find the best brunch spots in Chicago? How about convert ounces to cups? Ever wonder what the capital of Finland is? While Google Home can play music, set an appointment, call a cab, or dim the lights, the heart of this speaker is its search engine. In fact, Google Home’s search engine may even be better than its desktop counterpart. One interesting feature of the Google Assistant is that it remembers the context of your search. For instance, say you ask a question about President Barack Obama. You can ask follow-up questions using indirect terms, like the pronoun “he,” and Google Assistant will remember the topic of your question. If you want to delete an embarrassing query from your history, you can do so in the app. Go to My Activity under the More Settings tab in the menu, and you can playback and remove your history. The Google Home is learning all the time, so we’ll update this article as it learns more tricks. Also watch: Windows 10 Creators Update Puts Friends at Your Fingertips Please enable Javascript to watch this video
null
null
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (11) Post your comment 4K content rolls out in Google Play Movies 19 November 2016 Google has started rolling out 4K content in Google Play Movies, as was promised back when the company announced the Chromecast Ultra. For select movies, you will be able to purchase or rent them in 4K resolution. The prices are higher than the SD version but not significantly so. 4K content so far is seemingly limited to Chromecast Ultra and Android TVs with 4K support. If youre on a smartphone or web browser then you will be limited to HD resolution. The 4K option is rolling out slowly across regions and accounts. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Science Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Here's How To Fix The Google Pixel And Pixel XL Lens Flare Issue 19 November 2016, 12:26 pm EST By Aaron Mamiit Tech Times Google Pixel and Pixel XL owners have recently reported extreme lens flaring in the pictures that they take. Here are some methods that users can try to avoid experiencing the problem.  ( Google ) Advertisement Reports from late last month revealed an issue with the rear cameras of the Google Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, as several thousand users said that they were noticing extreme lens flaring. The problem is causing images to appear with bright halos, and suffice to say, such an effect is not really a good one to have in all the pictures that users take. For Google Pixel and Pixel XL users who are experiencing the issue, here are some things you can try to solve the problem. Take Pictures A Certain Way One of the ways to avoid getting unwanted lens flares on pictures is to never shoot pictures while looking straight at the sun or while in a room with a bright light shining at the edge of the Google Pixel or Pixel XL's screen. If avoiding such an instance is impossible, then there are some other things to try. When shooting toward the direction of the sun, place the sun at the corner of the screen or off-axis. If shooting indoors with a bright light, position the light behind the camera rather than to the side. Google Pixel And Pixel XL Software Update If following these methods do not work in erasing the extreme lens flaring on the Google Pixel and Pixel XL, users will then likely have to rely on the upcoming software update that Google will be releasing to address the problem. In late October, it was said that the software update would be coming in the next few weeks, which means that users should expect the patch to arrive sooner than later. Other Methods To Address Lens Flares? One of the other methods of preventing lens flares from appearing in pictures is to use a lens hood. While using such an accessory may be acceptable in digital cameras, it would be highly impractical to attach one to a smartphone. Lens flares have also been addressed by utilizing specialist coatings on the surface of lenses, along with the usage of high-quality glass. Such options are not available for smartphones to be able to keep their costs within the expected price range for customers. It seems that Google Pixel and Pixel XL owners are stuck with two possible solutions of avoiding certain situations in taking pictures and waiting for the upcoming software update. The Google smartphones are great devices, but hopefully the lens flare problem will soon be addressed. Another Google Pixel Problem Another problem with the Google Pixel, this time concerning the security of users, was reported early this month. According to security researchers, unlocking the smartphone through a voice command looks cool, but the Trusted Voice feature is a definite security concern. TAG Google, Pixel XL, Pixel, Google Pixel, Google Pixel XL © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Suspended Then Restored Pixel Resellers' Accounts: How To Download Your Google Data Via Takeout In Case You Get Banned Google Blocks Pixel Resellers From Email, Photo And Document Services: 'Digital Death Penalty' Hits More Than 200 People OnePlus 3T Dash Charge vs. Google Pixel XL USB-C Power Delivery: Which Smartphone Charges Faster? [Video] Huawei Refused To Manufacture Google Pixel And Pixel XL Due To Branding Issue, Exec Confirms Want Fingerprint Gestures Of Google Pixel And Pixel XL? This App Will Let You Enable The Feature On Your Android Marshmallow Smartphone From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Close Advertisement Most Popular 1 Google Here's How To Fix The Google Pixel And Pixel XL Lens Flare Issue 2 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Android 7.0 Nougat Update For Samsung Galaxy Note 5, Galaxy Tab S2 In The Works: Release Imminent? Advertisement 4 Apple Black Friday 2016 Best Deals On iPhone And iPad From Best Buy, Walmart, Target And More 5 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech HTC 10 Running Android 7.0 Nougat Spotted, Update Coming In December 6 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech HTC Black Friday 2016 Deals: Massive Savings On HTC 10, RE Camera, One M9, One A9 And More 7 Gadgets Best PlayStation 4 Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deals Kick Off On Target, Best Buy, Walmart, Costco And Kohl's: Whose PS4 Price Is Lowest? 8 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 9 Video Games 'Pokémon Sun' vs. 'Pokémon Moon': Here Are The Differences To Help You Decide Which Version To Buy 10 Video Games PS4 Pro Owners Are Getting $10 In PSN Credits Out Of Nowhere: Did You Get Yours? EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users Best Upcoming Smartphones 2017: iPhone 8, iPhone 8 Plus, Galaxy S8, Galaxy Note 8, OnePlus 4 And More Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Google is launching mini-shops within Best Buy locations in Canada [VIDEO] Andrew Myrick Nov 19th, 2016 +5,361 Mini-shops within brick-and-mortar locations isn’t a new thing. Apple notoriously provides one of its mini-shops within various Best Buy locations, and Google has tinkered with this concept before. Now, it seems that the big “G” is going all-in on this approach. Image courtesy of TechCrunch Starting in Canada, Google is creating a unique way to experience all of its new products.These shops are aptly named “Google Shops” and allow customers to test out the latest and greatest products including the new Daydream View VR headset, the Pixel and Pixel XL, Google Home, and more. Speaking to TechCrunch, Janell Fisher, Google’s Director of Retail Marketing has explained the reasoning behind this new approach: We love it when people can come in, discover, play and have fun and it just happens to be with technology, so we’ve really tried to layer on lots of different immersive sorts of experiences, some that are direct demonstrations of the product and product features, but some that are more exploratory and fun. In addition to providing a new way to experience Google’s products, the company will also be hosting various workshops and sessions. These workshops will be held within the appropriate Best Buy location and may be run by Google employees or others such as YouTubers. Image courtesy of TechCrunch In addition to launching the Google Shops within Canada, Google has already launched three of these shops in the UK. The experiences will remain mostly the same, save for some subtle changes depending on the location and size of the shop. The bad news is that Fischer confirmed that Google does not have anything in the works to bring this experience to those of us in the United States. This is fairly upsetting considering Google’s failed attempt to provide a different experience within Best Buy locations here in the States. [TechCrunch] local_offer    Google   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (5) stars Further Reading Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store Google sending Pixel delay compensation New Google Live Cases available Google accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones OnePlus 3T charging proves solid videocam Top Trending Videoslaunch 1 play_circle_outline more_vertOnePlus 3T charging proves solid closeOnePlus 3T vs Pixel XL Charge Test: who can get to the finish line first? With the OnePlus 3T, OnePlus thought it was a good time to remind people just how good their Dash Charge technology is. That’s why they took one of the current kings of battery life — the Pixel XL — and put their own OnePlus 3T head-to-head against it. 2 play_circle_outline more_vertBest Apps/Games Nov 18 closeTop 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (November 18, 2016) Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. 3 play_circle_outline more_vertNokia's smartwatch prototype surfaces closeHere’s a look at the Nokia smartwatch that could have been Don’t look now, but Nokia had plans to make a smartwatch at one point in time. Those plans have apparently been shelved, but someone was able to snag a prototype to show off to the world. 4 play_circle_outline more_vertHuawei Mate 9 Porsche Design first look closeHuawei Mate 9 Porsche Design, Mate 9 Pro first look [VIDEO] If the Huawei Mate 9 is too bland for your sophisticated taste is smartphones, the Mate 9 Porsche Design could be the phone you’re been waiting for. 5 play_circle_outline more_vertMobile Roar 156 LIVE closeWatch the Mobile Roar Podcast LIVE at 2PM Eastern! Do you have more phones and tablets than any one person should? Do you enjoy a good laugh? We’ve got the perfect show for you! 6 play_circle_outline more_vertMobile Roar 156: SPectacle closeMobile Roar 156: Daydream View review, LeEco Le Pro 3 impressions, and Snapchat Spectacles After taking the last couple of weeks off, we have finally returned with another episode! A lot has happened in the past few weeks. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things in tech you need to know today Rob Price Nov. 16, 2016, 2:48 AM 2,270 facebook linkedin twitter email print Jack Dorsey, CEO of Twitter.Bill Pugliano/Getty Images Good morning! Here's the tech news you need to know midweek. 1. Snapchat has filed for an IPO that could value the company at $25 billion (£20 billion). It filed its paperwork with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) before the presidential election. 2. The world's top Apple analyst thinks there will be three iPhones in 2017. Ming-Chi Kuo expects two will have LCD screens, and one will be OLED. 3. Twitter announced new features designed to crack down on its endemic abuse problem. Users will be able to mute keywords, and staff are being retrained. 4. Super Mario Run, Nintendo's first iPhone game, will launch in December for $10 (£8). There's no word on an Android version yet. 5. Google has launched a new app that lets you scan old family photos with your smartphone. PhotoScan works with Google Photos, and was announced with a comic video ad. 6. Facebook, Google, Twitter and more are calling on Donald Trump to support encryption and immigration reform. Industry body the Internet Association sent the President-elect an open letter, The Verge reports. 7. Google has hired one of Snapchat's most senior leaders. Jia Li will be heading up the Google Cloud Machine Learning group. 8. We spoke to GE CEO Jeff Immelt on Donald Trump, job creation, and cybersecurity in the age of the "internet of things." Immelt says he "[looks] forward to working with [Trump]." 9. Google CEO Sundar Pichai says the US election was "challenging" and "deeply divided." The comments came after he was asked what his biggest challenge is. 10. We got our hands on Snapchat's Spectacles. The sunglasses-mounted cameras are being sold at pop-up vending machines around the US. NOW WATCH: The ‘Apple of China’ just unveiled a phone that’s more powerful and better looking than the iPhone Loading video... Follow 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: 10 Things You Need To Know SAI 10 Things You Need To Know SAI UK facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things in tech you need to know today 10 things in tech you need to know today Good morning! Here's the tech news you need to... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Home Theater > Google’s updated Fiber TV mobile apps let you… Google’s updated Fiber TV mobile apps let you record shows from anywhere By Kris Wouk — November 15, 2016 3:22 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends If you’re fortunate enough to have Google Fiber available in your city but you aren’t a user of Fiber TV, it might be time for another look. Google rolled out new Fiber TV apps for iOS and Android on Tuesday, adding new features and generally making for a better overall experience for users. The Fiber TV app has already allowed subscribers to watch live and on-demand TV, as well as control their TV via their phone or tablet. The new app, announced in a post on the Google Fiber blog, now allows viewers to play and record TV shows, movies, and sports with a single tap. More: Google is bringing its Cast technology to Fiber TV Boxes Now when users open the Fiber TV mobile app, they will be presented with the newest episodes from their favorite shows right away and can begin watching them immediately. Similarly, the apps also recommend DVR recordings to watch, so you will not be left having to scroll through a list of shows to find the latest recordings you are looking for. Personalized recommendations for live TV are available as well, for both new and old shows, meaning viewers will never have to worry about missing another Twilight Zone marathon. There is also a new emphasis on sports in the updated apps. Both sports that are currently airing and games scheduled later on are shown, allowing them to be added easily to the DVR queue. You do not need to be near your TV to do this either, so if you are on a weekend trip and realize you forgot to DVR the game, you do not have to worry. More: Google upgrades Fiber TV with smart search, new look, RT ratings The new Fiber TV app is available now as a free download via the Google Play Store as well as the App Store for iOS devices. Google will be updating the Fiber TV app for TV subscribers “in the coming weeks.” Also watch: ‘Right to be Forgotten’ expands to all Google search domains Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Web > Google mixes art and machine learning to create… Google mixes art and machine learning to create new interactive experiments By Julian Chokkattu — November 15, 2016 3:38 PM Subscribe on YouTube Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Google has been injecting machine learning into some of its products lately, and now it’s mixing it with art. The company’s Arts & Culture team in Paris was curious to see what “creative coders” could do with machine learning, and the results are three experimental works that introduce new ways to interact with and find art — X Degrees of Separation, t-SNE Map, and Tags. More: Google Arts & Culture’s VR tour takes you inside British prime minister’s home X Degrees of Separation is a project aimed at finding what visual similarities a computer algorithm uses to connect a sculpture and a painting. The website lets you drag and drop works of art to find sculptures or paintings that are visually connected. For example, we dropped in Van Gogh’s self-portrait and Claude Monet’s “Water Lillies.” The tool provided three new photos, but the median was a woman standing in a river. Next up is t-SNE Map, which creates a “3D landscape” housing a vast number of artworks spanning centuries. But the art isn’t randomly placed — the computer places artworks it believes are visually linked closer together. You can zoom in up close and interact with each work of art to get more information. It’s a large collection, so it may take some time to load the clusters of photos. And the final experiment is Tags, and like the name suggests, a computer analyzes various artwork to tag them with specific categories. The Tags website lets you sift through these categories and see what works of art fall under each one. These tags can range from “azure” and “skin,” to “fiction” and “map.” The three tools are the first to be a part of the new Google Arts & Culture Experiments, which the company says is an “online space where you can see and play with the experimental projects that we have built.” It’s one of Google’s many labs experimenting with various technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning.
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 48° 48° Low 30° High 54° Mon 29° 58° Tue 30° 66° Wed 46° 64° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Robocalls from Google?…Not Really Posted 3:00 pm, November 19, 2016, by Elizabeth Garcia Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Robocalls from Google?…Not Really Here is a different twist to an old phishing scam. Instead of an email or text, businesses owners and individuals who have websites and own one or more domain names are receiving Robocalls from scammers claiming to be from Google. The claim is that their domain registration information needs to be updated. The caller will happily assist you with this update, if you supply your Google password or other personal or business information. Doing so will put you at risk for personal or corporate identity theft. Google specifically states in its Support pages that, if a consumer ever receives a recorded message from someone claiming to represent Google, it’s a scam. Google also states that there is no fee for Google My Business or Google Search and that they will not offer to increase your search ranking. All of these angles are a scam. Best Practice: Purchase all of your domain names from one reputable provider. With one provider, you can keep better track of domain registration information and when your domains need to be renewed. To learn how to spot and avoid Google scams, check out Avoid and report Google Scams. For more information on how to handle Robocalls, go to the FTC segment on Robocalls. To report a scam, go to the BBB Scam Tracker. To find trustworthy businesses, go to bbb.org. Filed in: BBB Consumer Alerts, News, Taking Action Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular New overtime law impacting millions of workers goes into effect Dec. 1 These 35 retailers will not open on Thanksgiving Day Roaches and rats are both on this week’s Restaurant Ratings report Superintendent responds to news of high school coach arrest in Jackson County Latest News “Fantastic Beasts” Opens to a Strong Start This Weekend Major Retailers Release Black Friday Sales Schedule Winter Drought Outlook At Least 120 Killed In Indian Train Derailment BBB Consumer Alerts Domain Name Hijacking: Is Yours Vulnerable? BBB Consumer Alerts GoDaddy customers stalked by phishing scams BBB Consumer Alerts Check out your online “employer” before investing Huntsville News Taking Action TAKING ACTION: BBB of North Alabama Warning Consumers of Two Popular Scams affecting their bank accounts, technology BBB Consumer Alerts News How to Claim Your Unclaimed Property without Losing Your Shirt BBB Consumer Alerts A New Twist on a Popular Scam BBB Consumer Alerts A Social Security Referendum? Not So! BBB Consumer Alerts Nationwide Drop in IRS Impostor Calls after Raid in Mumbai, India BBB Consumer Alerts Directory Update? Watch Out! BBB Consumer Alerts BBB warns businesses of government poster shakedown scam BBB Consumer Alerts News Your Social Security Number – Do They Really Need It? BBB Consumer Alerts The pros and cons of Interest-based advertising BBB Consumer Alerts Noon Interviews BBB warns of scams targeting Pokémon Go players Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2016, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact Us Advertise With Us FAQ's Westport police get funding for seat belt enforcement, car seat Darien, Staples share Class L field hockey title after 0-0 tie Tapsall leads Staples field hockey to summit in second season Westport students punished for offensive Facebook group posts News Sports Police Reports Community Celebrate Summer Comics SEEN: Westport Winter Market A Sunny Saturday at the Rinks Obituaries Opinion Real Estate Jobs Homes Rentals Cars MenuSections http://www.westport-news.com/news/article/Living-With-Technology-Talking-to-computers-10623726.php Living With Technology: Talking to computers By Mark Mathias Published 3:50 pm, Saturday, November 19, 2016 Photo: / Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 The Amazon Echo device. The Amazon Echo device. Photo: / Image 2 of 2 Living With Technology: Talking to computers 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Ever since I saw the first Star Trek shows and they would say: “Computer, red alert!” and the red lights would flash and the siren would sound, I was hooked. Talking has been a great idea for how to communicate with a computer, but always extremely difficult to achieve. In particular, it takes a lot of computer power to convert a voice into text that a computer can process. In addition, figuring out what someone means can be equally difficult. Luckily, the rise in cloud computing has provided virtually unlimited computer horsepower to decipher what people are saying and what they mean. The net result is that we now have a handful of speech interaction technologies available to us. One of the first widely popularized technologies is Apple’s Siri, a feature on iPhones that receives commands and will execute them on your mobile phone. Google came along with additions to its lineup with “OK Google” that lets people talk to their devices and through the Google Chrome Web browser. Amazon surprised the world about a year ago with its Amazon Alexa products (Echo, Tap and Dot, $179.99, $129.99 and $49.99, respectively) that is a standalone product for the home that doesn’t require any computer or subscription to let you ask questions, play music and interact with it solely with your voice. So far, Amazon Alexa is intended to be an open platform, intended for people to develop other “skills” that add functionality, such as controlling home automation, ordering a Uber, ordering items from Amazon and more. About two weeks ago, Google released their voice enabled device, Google Home ($129 at madeby.google.com/home). Where Google Home shines is its deep search engine capabilities. It clearly was very good at looking things up. I put some of the services to a few basic questions: Google Home was able to tell me the driving distance from my home to the White House (283 miles by car). Amazon Alexa said it was 249 miles away “as the crow flies.” Cortana thought I wanted to drive TO my home, so told me I was only 4 minutes away. Google Home couldn’t tell me about local movies, but Amazon Alexa was quite happy to rattle off the local movies showing and their times. Cortana gave me a matrix of movie poster thumbnails that I could pick from to find more. Listening to what people say and figuring out what they want is really hard to do. Add to that ambiguity, accents, popular culture and it’s amazing that computers can decipher what we’re saying at all. Even so, we’re lucky to be living in a time where we can talk to a computer and have it react meaningfully. Next up, I want a transporter so I can teleport myself around the world in the blink of an eye. And, like these voice activated devices, I’d like the service to be free. Mark Mathias is a 35+ year information technology executive, a resident of Westport, Connecticut. His columns can be read on the Internet at http://blog.mathias.org. He can be contacted at livingwith technology@mathias.org. Most Popular 1 Darien, Staples share Class L field hockey title after 0-0 tie 2 Tapsall leads Staples field hockey to summit in second season 3 Deadlocked jurors force mistrial in Ohio police shooting 4 Questions continue over Railroad Place 5 Westport students punished for offensive Facebook group posts 6 Talented GFA trio finalize college decisions 7 Living With Technology: Talking to computers View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
null
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Deal: Buy the complete LEGO Harry Potter saga for $1 Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) gets Bluetooth certified, launch imminent → Google two-factor authentication prompts now work on Android Wear for some users Nov 20 Posted by ishubhamsingh When you enable two-factor authentication on your Google account, you have three options for logging in with a phone. The first is with a code generated from any 2FA application, such as Google Authenticator or Authy. Secondly, you can have Google send you an SMS message. Lastly, Google can prompt you on your phone to approve a sign-in attempt (as long as your phone has Google Play Services). For some users, the latter method now works on Android Wear as well. Read More Google two-factor authentication prompts now work on Android Wear for some users was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2fPhYCt via Blogger http://ift.tt/2gvlVAI Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on November 20, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Deal: Buy the complete LEGO Harry Potter saga for $1 Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) gets Bluetooth certified, launch imminent → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (742) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (187) IFTTT (194) TalkAndroid (737) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,149) Android Authority (3,204) Games (3,609) Phones (3,609) apps (3,610) tablets (3,612) android (9,517) Recent Posts Android 7.0 Nougat update rolling out to Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Force on Verizon, adds Daydream compatibility November 20, 2016 Must read: top 10 Android stories November 20, 2016 Umi Plus E International Giveaway! November 20, 2016 What is the problem with IoT security? – Gary explains November 20, 2016 New UI for Play Store Top Charts showing up for some users November 20, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,697 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV Yesterday GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 In-store ‘Google Shops’ are now appearing at some Canadian Best Buy locations [Video] Ben Schoon - 23 hours ago @NexusBen Google Best Buy Google shop View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We’ve seen Google play around in retail spaces before, but nothing has ever stuck. Currently, the best bet for buying Google hardware in a local store is at a Verizon store or your local Best Buy. Now, Google is expanding its footprint in the latter… “Google Shops” are not retail stores, but rather small areas of larger retail locations which show off Google’s various products including the Pixel, VR headsets, Chromecast, and even Chromebooks. Google is working with Best Buy in Canada to open up these shops at select locations. As TechCrunch reports from visiting one of the first locations, Google has grouped products together to show customers how they can be used together. For example, a Chromecast with a Pixel or a Pixel with a Daydream View headset. Janell Fischer, Google’s Director of Retail Marketing explains: We love it when people can come in, discover, play and have fun and it just happens to be with technology, so we’ve really tried to layer on lots of different immersive sorts of experiences, some that are direct demonstrations of the product and product features, but some that are more exploratory and fun. The space is designed around Google’s current products, but unlike Google’s pop-up shop in New York City, this space is designed to last, so everything can be easily swapped out with the new products. Also included in the space are things like the “Portal,” a large display which can display things such as Google Earth to give customers a unique experience. Unfortunately, this seems to be limited to Canada for now. Fischer said: “We don’t have any plans to do anything in the US right now.” However, considering everything Google has done here and the emphasis the company has been putting on its products over the past few weeks, I can’t imagine we won’t eventually see something like this make its way to the States in one form or another. Guides Google View THe Guide Best Buy View THe Guide Google shop View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV Yesterday GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 This week’s top stories: OnePlus 3T specs, Andromeda rumors, our Acer Chromebook R13 review, & more Jordan Kahn - 23 hours ago @JordanKahn Android Apps and Updates Chrome/OS View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: OnePlus 3T announcement and specs, Andromeda rumors, our Acer Chromebook R13 review, and much more. We kick things off with the OnePlus 3T announcement including all the details on how the OnePlus 3 variant differs from the previous generation. We break down the latest Andromeda rumor tidbits. The Huawei Mate 9 Pro goes official in China as Samsung’s ‘Blue Coral’ Galaxy S7 edge arrives at Sprint and Verizon. And we give you our review of Acer’s Chromebook R13 as Android apps hit four more Chromebooks including Dell, ASUS, HP, and Samsung models. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: Android | OnePlus 3T brings updated Snapdragon 821, bigger battery, 128GB storage Full OnePlus 3T specs leak ahead of official announcement, Snapdragon 821 and more in tow Andromeda rumor tidbits: OEMs getting dev kits, notification syncing, devices in late 2017 Samsung’s ‘Blue Coral’ Galaxy S7 edge is now available at Verizon and Sprint Huawei Mate 9 Pro goes official in China with QHD curved display, 6GB RAM, starts at ~$685 CyanogenMod 14.1 based on Android 7.1 expands to 9 more devices including… Huawei executive confirms why the company passed on building the Pixel Apps | Google’s new AI-powered Quick Draw game is crazy smart and addictive Google Play search results now show direct install links and info cards for some users Google Play Music redesign uses machine learning Google Translate using Neural Machine Translation to improve ‘more in a single leap’ than last 10 years Chrome OS | Review: Acer’s Chromebook R13 w/ apps is a temptingly nice 13-inch 1080P convertible Android apps hit four more Chromebooks including Dell, ASUS, HP, and Samsung models More | This is the new Google Fiber TV Box w/ 4K streaming & wireless currently in testing This week’s top videos | OnePlus 3T with Dash Charge goes head-to-head with the Pixel XL’s USB-C fast charging [Video] Google’s new tutorial shows how ridiculously easy it is to set up Google Wifi [Video] Don’t bother making beats, Google’s ‘Infinite Drum Machine’ has got you covered [Video] Subscribe to get all 9to5Google’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Apps and Updates View THe Guide Chrome/OS View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV Yesterday GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 ‘Google Prompt’ two-factor authentication now works on Android Wear devices for some Ben Schoon - 23 hours ago @NexusBen Android Android Wear Two-factor authentication Google Prompt View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit A few months ago Google introduced a new sign-in method for two-factor authentication users, “Google Prompt.” Rather than sending a code via SMS, Google would prompt users on a pre-selected smartphone whenever a sign-in is needed. Now, that’s expanding to Android Wear… According to some Android Police readers, Google is currently enabling Google Prompt on Android Wear devices, allowing users to approve sign-ins from their wrist rather than pulling out their phones. We can’t verify that this is rolling out on a wide scale, but users who are seeing it report that it works when the watch is connected to their Google Prompt-approved smartphone, although this is likely Android only. The prompt will stay up until approved or disapproved and covers the entire display. Google Prompt is already one of the most convenient methods for using two-factor authentication, so extending that to the wrist just makes things even easier. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Android Wear View THe Guide Two-factor authentication View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Gadgets/Gallery Gadgets Google Home is just $99 at Best Buy during Black Friday By Brandon Russell | November 19, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo You have two choices right now: Amazon Echo or Google Home. Both are great smart speakers with a lot to offer. But only one will be $99 this holiday season. During Black Friday, Best Buy will drop the price of Google Home to just $99, a $30 discount. The Echo starts at $179, so it’s already at a pretty big disadvantage. Now, consumers have an even bigger reason to jump on Home, which runs Google Assistant, the search giant’s smart new AI technology. The deal is good between Nov. 24 and Nov. 26, so you only have a limited time to take advantage. The good news is that you can pick it up in-store and online, meaning you won’t have to brave the crowds just to score the deal. As part of your purchase, you’ll also get six free months of YouTube Red. That’s a pretty great value for a device that features a lot of potential. If you haven’t yet joined the smart speaker revolution, Home is a great alternative to the Echo. Amazon Echo is also discounted If you want to score a discount on the Amazon Echo, Amazon is discounting the device by $40, bringing the price down to $139. You can also pick up the smaller Echo Dot for just $39 over Black Friday. Source BestBuy Topics #Google #Google Home Brandon Russell Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 2 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Innovation / The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality Certifications that stand out Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com The 2016 Complete Guide to Virtual Reality By Stuart Dredge PUBLISHED: NOVEMBER 13 2016 Until recently, virtual reality had been something of a fantasy for storytellers and technologists. As long ago as 1935, American science fiction writer Stanley G Weinbaum described something like virtual reality in a short story called Pygmalion’s Spectacles. "But listen -- a movie that gives one sight and sound. Suppose now I add taste, smell, even touch, if your interest is taken by the story. Suppose I make it so that you are in the story, you speak to the shadows, and the shadows reply, and instead of being on a screen, the story is all about you, and you are in it. Would that be to make real a dream?" Technologists might still be working on smell and taste, but Albert Ludwig’s "magic spectacles" eerily foreshadow the current prominence for headsets and 360-degree games, videos and virtual worlds. Since Ludwig’s magic spectacles found their way into print, there have been decades of experimentation around virtual reality, from the first head-mounted VR system in the late 1960s to the first commercial products in the 1980s -- not to mention Hollywood’s interpretation in the1992 film The Lawnmower Man, which shaped mainstream perceptions of virtual reality, or VR, for some time afterwards. The current age of virtual reality began in 2010, when American teenager Palmer Luckey created the first prototype of a VR headset that would evolve into the Oculus Rift. Two years later, he launched a $250,000 Kickstarter crowdfunding campaign to commercialise it -- and $2.4m of pledges later, the tech industry’s interest in VR was reborn. Two years after that, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg liked the Rift so much he bought the company for $2bn. Several competitors have emerged since then, from the HTC Vive and Sony’s PlayStation VR to smartphone-powered headsets such as Samsung’s Gear VR and Google Cardboard. Meanwhile, hundreds of developers are making VR games and apps, film-makers are exploring the potential for documentaries and animation, and Facebook and YouTube have jumped on the bandwagon with 360-degree videos. But if you’re new to virtual reality, where should you start? In the absence of a passing professor with magic specs, here’s everything you need to know about hardware, apps and games. The Basics The most important piece of a virtual reality kit is the headset, a device like a thick pair of goggles that goes over your eyes. The more expensive, higher quality headsets need to be connected to a computer to run apps and games, while some cheaper ones use a cellphone clipped to the front of the headset. All headsets need to be used alongside a good quality pair of headphones, and there are other optional accessories from hand controllers to treadmills that are all designed to enhance your simulated experience of being in another world. Hand controllers translate your real-world gestures into whatever game or application you’re using, although standard gaming joypads can also be used. VR devices have their own app stores, similar to smartphone app stores, where you can browse and download games and apps. Some of these stores are accessed using the device itself, while others -- the VR section of the Steam digital games store, for example -- can be browsed on your computer. High-End Headsets: Oculus Rift Four years after its first crowdfunding campaign, the first commercial version of Oculus Rift launched in early 2016, sold initially from the Oculus VR website and gradually made its way to retailers around the world. Until now, you needed a powerful PC to use the Oculus Rift. The minimum specs for an Oculus Ready PC are on the official website, with Dell, HP, Alienware and Asus all offering VR-ready machines. Oculus VR has also launched bundles of Rift with a PC, such as the $2,050 Alienware bundle. That said, Oculus has just announced that thanks to some technology it has dubbed “asynchronous spacewarp”, the Rift will now work with PCs costing as little as $500. Oculus is expanding its hardware offering, and in December Oculus will launch a dedicated Oculus Touch controller, which translates your hand gestures into the virtual environment. At $199, it’s not cheap. Price: $599 (£549) includes the headset with built-in headphones and mic, movement sensor, remote and Xbox One controller. You’ll also need: a powerful PC -- check the recommended specs. Best for: early adopters, and anyone keen for a first-hand view of how Facebook will make virtual reality more social. Verdict: Oculus Rift kickstarted the newest generation of VR and has an inventive community of developers making games and apps for it -- even if a few have ditched it in protest over its founder’s political activities. Facebook’s financial backing should ensure the Rift is in it for the long haul, too. 10 Oculus Rift apps and games to try: * Chronos: wonderful-looking role-playing game with plenty of depth * Minecraft VR: the blocky building game suits VR well * Elite: Dangerous: epic space game gets even more epic with a headset * Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes: clever multiplayer game -- the headset wearer defuses a bomb while friends try to help * EVE: Valkyrie: this space dogfighter was made for VR, and it shows * The Climb: part game and part experience, this sees you climbing mountains around the world * Jaunt VR: a range of great made-for-VR videos, from documentaries to music * Henry: Oculus VR’s attempt at a Pixar-quality animated short film * Apollo 11 VR Experience: a clever historical app that sends you on the moon-landing mission * Within: a mix of bespoke fiction and nonfiction videos made for viewing in VR HTC Vive The HTC Vive is a partnership between Taiwanese tech firm HTC and the games company Valve. Valve added a dedicated VR category to its existing Steam digital games store, while HTC has just launched its Viveport site for non-gaming apps. Vive is a direct rival to Oculus Rift, though several games and apps are available for both devices. Like the Rift, it requires a PC to run its software, and HTC helps buyers get the right kit by maintaining a list of Vive Ready computers, including partners Alienware, HP and MSI. The Vive has some unique features, including a front-facing camera which, in certain apps, can bring the real world into your virtual environments. You also get two hand-worn gestural controllers in the box, unlike the Rift, which partly explains the higher price. The Vive also comes with a base station that tracks your movements, so within fairly tight limits you can walk around inside your VR space. This means a longer setup process, comparable to setting up a high-end home-audio system properly rather than just bunging your stereo on a shelf -- but as more apps and games use the option, it could prove to be the Vive’s killer feature. Price: $799 (£759) includes the headset, two wireless hand-controllers, two base stations and a link box to connect it to your computer. You’ll also need: a powerful PC -- check the recommended specs. Best for: anyone who wants the absolute top-spec (for now) home VR system, with a mix of gaming and non-gaming. Verdict: HTC Vive is the most expensive system on the market, and also the one that takes most effort to set up. Yet once you’ve done that, the ability to walk around within your virtual space, as well as turn your head, is impressive. The involvement of Valve, with its Steam store, means there’s a big community of developers too. 10 HTC Vive apps and games to try: * Job Simulator: a big word-of-mouth hit; its 2050 setting simulates jobs taken over by robots * Elite: Dangerous: epic space game gets even more epic with a headset * Cosmic Trip: gripping “first-person real-time strategy” game about colonising alien planets * The Brookhaven Experiment: survival-based horror game with plenty of monsters -- and scares * Fantastic Contraption: originally a 2D machine-building puzzler, this works beautifully in 3D and VR * Tilt Brush: Google’s app is one of the early creative joys in VR: paint in the 3D space around you in a blur of neon * Jaunt VR: a great range of made-for-VR videos, from documentaries to music * Apollo 11 VR: clever historical app that puts you in the moon landing mission * theBlu: if you enjoyed the BBC’s Blue Planet, this is a must for its glorious VR ocean life * AltspaceVR: interesting attempt at social VR, updating the second life virtual world idea for current headsets Sony PlayStation VR The third big gun in the VR race is Sony’s PlayStation VR headset, which launched in October 2016 as an accessory for the PlayStation 4 games console. Both the PlayStation 4 and new PlayStation 4 Pro are compatible with the headsets, but the pro will run VR games at higher screen resolutions and frame rates. PlayStation VR will use the PS4’s standard console controller, the DualShock 4, but you’ll need the $60 PlayStation Camera accessory too. Sony is keen for PlayStation VR to be more than a solitary experience: a feature called VR Social Screen shows what you’re seeing in the headset on your TV screen, so friends can join in or watch. Being part of the PlayStation world inevitably means that games are an even bigger focus for PlayStation VR than for Oculus Rift and Vive. Sony has more than 100 games confirmed already, with 50 of them due to arrive by the end of 2016. Price: $399 (£350) for the headset, processor unit, earphones and cables. You’ll also need: PlayStation Camera, which costs $45 (£39). Although you can use standard PS4 joypads for games, some will support the PlayStation Move motion controllers, which cost $99 (£70) for a twin-pack. Best for: gamers -- or PlayStation 4 gamers at least, since there’s (unsurprisingly) no cross-console compatibility with Xbox One or Nintendo’s consoles. Verdict: as the first console-connected VR headset out of the blocks, PlayStation VR is also the most affordable high-end model even if you have to buy the PS4 to run it. There are some impressive launch titles, while Sony’s clout means there will be a strong pipeline of titles in the months and years ahead, though there may be slimmer pickings for non-game VR apps. 10 PlayStation VR apps and games to try: * Rez Infinite: brilliant reboot of classic rhythm game Rez * Tumble VR: clever puzzle game that involves piling up blocks * EVE Valkyrie: this space dogfighter game was specially made for VR, and it shows * Batman: Arkham VR: crime-solving strategy with the Dark Knight * Superhypercube: “first-person puzzler” with trippy graphics * Thumper: racing, shooting and rhythm-action combine * Job Simulator: a big word-of-mouth hit; its 2050 setting simulates jobs taken over by robots * PlayStation VR Worlds: from gangsters to racing, this collection of VR mini-games shows off Sony’s VR tech * Headmaster: use your noggin to complete a series of football-heading challenges * Driveclub VR: slick racing game puts you in the cockpit of 80 motors Budget Headsets: Samsung Gear VR With Gear VR, we’re into the category of VR headset that use your smartphone as both the screen and processor. Samsung’s headset uses technology from Oculus VR, although it isn’t as powerful as the Rift. It only works with Samsung’s S6 and S7 smartphone series, as well as the Galaxy Note6 and Note7 phablets (though if you still have a Note7 put the device down and step away slowly -- the phone has been the subject of an international recall after a problem with exploding batteries). Gear VR can be bought as a standalone device, but some retailers will include one in when you buy a new Samsung smartphone so it’s worth scouting about for deals. Games and apps are available through Samsung’s Oculus Home software, with a growing catalogue of apps, games and content. For Samsung owners, the Gear VR is an affordable way to explore virtual reality even if its graphical capabilities -- and the processor of the device running its software -- are less powerful than its rivals. Price: $100 (£100) for the headset. You’ll also need: a recent Samsung smartphone or phablet. Best for: cost-conscious VR newcomers who don’t want to be tied to a computer or console while exploring virtual worlds and games. Verdict: Gear VR should help grow a more mainstream audience for VR, and has a growing collection of apps and games. Its one restriction is that it can only be used with Samsung smartphone owners, so anyone with an iPhone or other Android handset is out of luck. 10 Gear VR apps and games to try: * Land’s End: from the makers of Monument Valley, this is an eerie game of exploration * Minecraft: Gear VR: blocky building game suits VR well * Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes: clever multiplayer game -- the headset wearer defuses a bomb while friends try to help * Smash Hit: inventive rhythm-puzzle game * Gunjack: sci-fi shooter that flings ships and bullets at you * NextVR: live sports and music in virtual reality * AltspaceVR: interesting attempt at social VR, updating the second life virtual world idea for current headsets * The Economist VR: intriguing virtual tours from the digitally re-created Mosul Museum to Osaka’s secrets * Jaunt VR: a great range of made-for-VR videos, from documentaries to music * Within: bespoke fiction and nonfiction videos made for VR Google Cardboard and Daydream Cardboard was Google’s first commercial attempt at virtual reality, and yes, the headsets were made of actual cardboard. Google made the spec for these flat-pack headsets available to other companies, which means there are 13 models from Google’s own basic $15 model to Speck’s $70 Pocket-VR with CandyShell Grip, although the latter includes a protective case for your smartphone. There are a growing number of apps available on the Android and iOS app stores, from 360-photography to games and documentaries. While not as powerful as more expensive headsets, there is some exciting experimentation going on here. Google’s follow-up to Cardboard, Daydream, was announced in May 2016. Its software will be built into the new Android smartphones (it is part of Nougat, the latest version of Android) as well as hardware, in the form of headsets and handheld controllers. Google’s headset, the Daydream View, is made of fabric rather than cardboard, and comes with a motion controller used to translate your gestures into apps and games. Google services such as YouTube, Street View and Photos will all support Daydream headsets, and launch partners include Netflix, the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the Guardian, JK Rowling’s Fantastic Beasts and Major League Baseball who will all provide apps. The Guardian’s offering, Underworld, explores London’s subterranean web of Victorian sewers and lost waterways in the shoes of an urban explorer. Price: Google Cardboard headsets vary in price, but most are $15-$25 (£15-£25). Daydream View costs $79 (£69), including a controller. You’ll also need: a smartphone -- Cardboard headsets and apps support a wide range of Android phones and iPhones. Daydream View is more restricted: at launch it will work with Google’s new Pixel smartphones, but a range of Daydream-supporting Android phones will come out over the next year. Best for: getting started with VR cheaply and easily, particularly for non-Samsung owners. Verdict: Daydream View will offer strong competition for the Gear VR. Cardboard is excellent for dabblers, and while some of its apps are fairly limited experiences, others offer plenty to see, do and play. 10 Google Cardboard apps and games to try: * Cardboard: Google’s own collection of VR demos for Cardboard is a great place to start * Bohemian Rhapsody Experience: Google teamed up with Queen for this fun VR music video * NYT VR: the New York Times’ take on VR with video news reports * Star Wars: the film’s official app includes the story of Jakku Spy * Sisters: one of the scariest VR horror apps * Inside Abbey Road: virtual tour of London’s famous Abbey Road Studios * Cardboard Camera: shoot 360-degree photos with sound on your smartphone, then relive them in your headset * YouTube: the standard YouTube app, but you can watch its 360 and VR videos come to life through Cardboard * InMind VR: clever medical arcade adventure lets you travel into a patient’s brain * 6x9: the Guardian’s compelling exploration of the psychological damage caused by solitary confinement Microsoft in the Wings As well as working on the augmented-reality headset HoloLens, Microsoft is working with hardware partners to make a range of headsets for Windows PCs, starting at $299 when they go on sale in the spring of 2017. “We’re really thinking how are we going to democratise this technology, how are we going to work with these partners to build devices that can reach all price points, that can reach everyone on the planet,” Microsoft’s Terry Myserson told ZDNet. “One way you can think about these VR accessories is as an external monitor. It’s not technically accurate, but conceptually I think it works quite well. You put on the headset and you’re looking at another monitor.” Accessories A slew of other virtual reality products are coming onto the market beyond the big-name headsets. The early success of Oculus Rift on Kickstarter has made the crowdfunding site a focus for VR startups touting interesting hardware. From headsets (Impression Pi, ANTVR, Cmoar, Opto, FOVE) to controllers (STEM System, Control VR, Gloveone, iMotion) there are plenty of projects to explore, although be warned -- the Oculus, HTC, Sony and Samsung devices receive the lion’s share of attention, so you’ll need to research developer support for each device to work out if it’s compatible with your system before committing your cash. There is also the OSVR project by gaming hardware company Razer, which is trying to create open standards around VR so that people can mix and match different headsets and accessories. For now, there are two versions of its prototype hacker development kit available to buy, although Razer is hoping manufacturers will use its standards to make their own headsets. How Do You Film VR? The cameras and editing software needed to film and then knit together VR footage involve a whole other level of complexity and expense. At $45,000, Nokia’s OZO camera is out of most people’s price range but is a good example of the kind of kit that professional film-makers are using. More affordable is Samsung’s Gear 360 spherical camera, which costs $350, and which has front and rear lenses to capture 180-degree shots both horizontally and vertically to create panoramic video or photo. It’s still an expensive gadget for an average person, but if you want to explore making your own VR videos, it’s a good starting point. There are a number of other 360-degree cameras available, like the Ricoh Theta S, Kodak Pixpro SP360 4K Action Cam, LG 360 Cam, Giroptic 360cam and the Vuze Camera. It’s also worth keeping tabs on crowdfunding sites such as Kickstarter and Indiegogo as new camera projects pop up regularly. 360 vs. Virtual Reality The terms “360” and “virtual reality” are often used interchangeably, but there are important differences. The 360-degree photos and videos are panoramic pics and videos that have been stitched together, so you can turn your head to look around you. But these aren’t virtual worlds: you don’t have free movement to explore them as you do in full virtual reality experiences. All VR devices offer a mixture of both, however: you can watch 360 videos or explore virtual worlds with Oculus Rift or Google Cardboard. Augmented Reality vs. Virtual Reality There are other headsets that let you experience digital wizardry but offer a different experience called augmented reality. While virtual reality is about immersing you in an entirely virtual world, viewed through a screen in your headset, the real world outside you isn’t part of the experience -- at least not until you trip over the cat or accidentally knock out your child while immersed elsewhere. But augmented reality, as the name suggests, is about augmenting or adding to reality reality. You might be looking at your cat or up your street, but there could be digital characters and content overlaid on them. Glass, the high-tech spectacles launched by Google in 2014, were an AR device, but the company has given up on trying to sell as a mainstream idea. More hardware is on the way, however: Microsoft’s HoloLens will be the augmented reality equivalent of PlayStation VR and with a similar emphasis on gaming; the popular Minecraft has been one of the key demos for it. Meanwhile, a Florida-based startup called Magic Leap has raised an astonishing $1.4bn in funding for its AR headset and technology, giving only a few teasers on what it looks like and how it will work. For now, the most affordable way to try augmented reality is through smartphone apps, which overlay text and graphics on the feed from the camera. The game Pokémon Go and the face-mangling lenses in Snapchat both use augmented reality. Others are more specific: the DFS Sofa and Room Planner (see how a new sofa might look in your living room), Plane Finder AR (see where that plane overhead is going by pointing your camera at it) and Mardles (make 3D characters jump out of stickers for kids). Virtual Reality Beyond Gaming Games loom large in modern-day VR, partly because the original Oculus Rift and PlayStation VR headsets were made primarily for gamers, and also because games are the most easily-understandable entertainment category to show off this technology. But as Mark Zuckerberg explained after announcing Facebook was buying Oculus VR, there’s a lot more to this than just games. “This is just the start. After games, we’re going to make Oculus a platform for many other experiences. Imagine enjoying a court side seat at a game, studying in a classroom of students and teachers all over the world or consulting with a doctor face-to-face -- just by putting on goggles in your home,” wrote Zuckerberg. “This is really a new communication platform. By feeling truly present, you can share unbounded spaces and experiences with the people in your life. Imagine sharing not just moments with your friends online, but entire experiences and adventures.” Journalism and Filmmaking Hundreds of developers are working on VR games, but there is lots of activity around other kinds of entertainment and media too. Journalists, filmmakers and a growing number of documentary-makers are using 360-degree cameras to find new angles on stories, if you’ll pardon the pun. Filmmaker Chris Milk set up his virtual reality company in 2014 to produce and distribute VR documentaries, and offers films shot in New York, Cuba and even Syria. “I’m not interested in the novelty factor,” Milk told the Guardian in 2015. “I’m interested in the foundations for a medium that could be more powerful than cinema, than theatre, than literature, than any other medium we’ve had before to connect one human being to another.” Traditional media companies have also experimented with VR journalism, from the New York Times VR films to the Guardian’s 6x9 project, which explores solitary confinement. As the cost of shooting and editing VR footage comes down, expect to see more media companies exploring the potential. Social Media When Mark Zuckerberg announced that Facebook was to buy Oculus, he said that virtual reality could be the next big social platform and connect more than a billion people. That seems a contradiction when the current version of software being created for these headsets is focused on solo experiences while wearing a device that isolates you from the people around you. Yet some companies are trying to make VR more social. Oculus has launched “ Social Beta ” software that enables people to watch online video services Twitch and Vimeo in a virtual cinema with other people. It has also showed off Toybox, a prototype virtual toy-room where two people can interact with a range of objects together. Tech startups are exploring social VR too. AltspaceVR wants people to “be together in a more natural way than a phone call, text or video chat” by creating avatars and wandering around its virtual worlds, and is available for some headsets already. Its rival vTime is available for Gear VR, Oculus Rift and Google Cardboard, styling itself as a “sociable network” for people to meet up for avatar-based chat. Sports and Music Would you watch a football match or music concert in a virtual world? A number of companies hope so, and are busy building the technology. NextVR is focusing on sport and entertainment, and has already worked on the US Open tennis tournament and several boxing matches, as well as a live Coldplay gig. It is preparing to produce a series of music concerts with live promoter Live Nation. Another company, Voke, is working with stars including Ricky Martin and Marc Anthony, while LiveLike wants to broadcast sports matches in VR for friends to watch together while chatting. British broadcaster Sky recently launched a Google Cardboard app, which includes a sports show fronted by David Beckham alongside news reports and videos from Disney and Star Wars. Tourism One of the key selling points for VR technology is its ability to put you in places you’re unlikely to visit in the flesh, whether too expensive, too dangerous, out of bounds because of mobility issues or just because you don’t like flying. You can already use VR to climb Everest, explore the Grand Canyon, take a Gondola ride in Venice and watch a range of startling 360-degree videos published by wearable-cameras firm GoPro from around the world. Looking even further afield, Mars 2030 will let you wander around the surface of Mars. Oculus VR sees the potential in virtual travel. “There’s clearly value in real-world experiences: going to do things. That’s why we have field trips. The problem is that the majority of people will never be able to do the majority of those experiences,” claimed its founder Palmer Luckey in 2015. “People could say: ‘But visiting France virtually will never be the same as visiting Paris in the real world.’ Well, it might not be the same. What matters a lot more is that everybody is able to experience it.” Medical and Therapeutic Virtual reality technology is also being explored by the healthcare industry. Medical Realities is a company using VR, AR and games to train medical students, with its Virtual Surgeon programme enabling them to experience operations from the surgeon’s perspective. The company live-streamed an operation earlier this year to test its tech. Osso VR, meanwhile, has developed surgery simulation for trainees, which works with Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. The Los Angeles Cedars-Sinai hospital is also exploring whether VR can have therapeutic value, helping patients relax by flying above Iceland in a helicopter or swimming with whales, while MindMaze is making VR software that could play a role in the rehabilitation of stroke, spinal-cord injury and amputee patients. Adult Entertainment Well, this was inevitable. Porn producers are famous early adopters of new audio/visual technology, and that trend has continued into VR. From point-of-view videos to animated sex simulations -- and even a dedicated VR category on popular site PornHub -- if there’s money to be made from virtual reality, chances are the adult-entertainment industry will find it first. Even if the results are “ cold, silly, downright terrifying ” for some viewers. What Next? As a technology, virtual reality already has decades of experimentation (and hype) behind it, even if it is still early days for this latest generation of devices. That means you can expect the technology to improve rapidly, while the first few waves of apps and games are still figuring out how to make the most of it. There’s a good argument for waiting until the technology, and the content created for it, is more established, more compelling and cheaper. But equally, there’s delight to be had in being one of the first to explore a whole new virtual world of entertainment, information and communication, as thousands of developers, games designers and filmmakers explore the medium and its new creative potential. Whether you’re an enthusiast, a sceptic, or somewhere in the middle, 2017 is going to be a big year in figuring out the real potential for this technology. When your grandkids ask where you were virtual reality took off, what will you say? © 2016 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Google, Google Glass, Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, Daydream View, Oculus Rift, HTC Vive, Sony Playstation VR, Samsung Gear VR, Personal Tech, Tech Gifts Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: vrtime: Posted: 2016-11-20 @ 3:10am PT I have only tried a gear vr but I'm building a new pc and want a rift. The gear vr was amazing for a while and is still good for watching movies on planes and but it's just not too immersion with the screen door, graphics etc. How much better is the oculus than the gear? TOP STORIES NOW 1. Tesla, SolarCity Merger Approved 2. Musk: Satellite-Powered Internet 3. Pluto Has a Cold Wandering Heart 4. Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy 5. Lyft Lifts Off with New Look, Beacons MAY INTEREST YOU Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN INNOVATION 1. Smart Speakers: Convenient, Creepy 2. TubeMogul Acquired by Adobe 3. The Complete Guide to Virtual Reality 4. Daydream View: Controller Is Key 5. Lost Factory Jobs? Blame Robots Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google plans to remove the 'In the news' section from its desktop search following 'fake news' criticism Nathan McAlone Nov. 19, 2016, 1:50 PM 3,872 facebook linkedin twitter email print Following criticism over fake news on its platform, Google plans to remove its "In the news" section from the top of desktop search results in a matter of weeks, according to a source familiar with the matter.  It will be replaced by a carousel of "Top stories" similar to what now exists on mobile. This move had been planned for quite some time, the source said. The removal of the word "news" will, hopefully, help draw a sharper line between Google's human-vetted Google News product, and its main search product.  Earlier this week, Google faced scrutiny when one of its top results for “final election count” was fake news. The top result in Google Search's “In the news” section was a Wordpress blog named “70 News,” which falsely claimed Trump won the popular vote by a margin of almost 700,000. He didn’t. Here's what it looked like: Business Insider Many thought that Google News, the company's news section that requires publications to be approved by a committee to get in, had been duped. But actually, it hadn't. What had been fooled was Google's "In the news" module, which sits at the top of news-related search pages, and pulls "newsy" stories from across the web, not just sites that have been approved by Google News' team. In this case, "70 News" hadn't been vetted by Google News. Google’s search results, in contrast to Google News, are not assessed for “truth.” Google’s algorithms still do a good job at sniffing out fake news sites because Google is set up to catch “spam.” But Google’s algorithms will likely never be perfect at telling what information on a website is inaccurate. Google does want to try to get fake news completely off search as well, however. “From our perspective, there should just be no situation where fake news gets distributed, so we are all for doing better here,” Google CEO Sundar Pichai said recently. After the issue of fake news entered the spotlight after the election, Google also announced it would ban fake-news sites from its ad network, choking off their revenue.  To better understand the difference between Google News and Google Search, here's more comprehensive look at Google's fake-news problem. SEE ALSO: Google does a better job with fake news than Facebook, but there's a big loophole it hasn't fixed NOW WATCH: Here's why you should never deep-fry a frozen turkey Loading video... More: Google Fake news Google News Google Search facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google plans to remove the 'In the news' section from its desktop search following 'fake news' criticism Google plans to remove the 'In the news' section from its desktop search following 'fake news' criticism Following criticism over fake news on its... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › arts › tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical movies home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Strictly Come Dancing Strictly Come Dancing: week nine – as it happened It’s Blackpool time! From the Judge Rinder salsa to Spice Up Your Life and the Ed Balls jive to Great Balls of Fire, we followed every second of this year’s Strictly seaside special Updated Ed Balls of Fire! Photograph: BBC/Guy Levy Heidi Stephens Saturday 19 November 2016 15.18 EST Last modified on Sunday 20 November 2016 05.50 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Live feed Show 3.11pm EST 15:11 So that’s it for Blackpool Week! Thank you so much for adding your own brand of joy to this evening’s blog, it makes it a good deal more entertaining than my ramblings. I’m off to read all your comments, but I’ll be back here at 7.15pm tomorrow for the Results Show - enjoy the rest of your Saturday, and I’ll see you then! Hx Updated at 3.41pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.10pm EST 15:10 Performing on Stricty tomorrow – Simple Minds and Rick Astley. Literally every other act from the last 30 years was unavailable. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.08pm EST 15:08 The voting is open! It’s time for a recap – the daughter is voting for Ore and Joanne, Ed and Katya and Greg and Natalie. Some great dances tonight, but I reckon it could be Claudia/Greg for the Dance Off tonight, which means Greg’s time might finally be up. Or is it Ed’s turn to leave the dancefloor? NOOOO. Look at him. Look at this little face. Great Ed Balls (of fire) Photograph: BBC Updated at 3.18pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.06pm EST 15:06 Scores: 8,9,8,8 – a total of 33 for Judge Rinder and Oksana. The scoring tonight has been even more bonkers than usual. Updated at 3.09pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.04pm EST 15:04 Craig thought it was hip-tastic, and wants to call him Judge Grindr from now on. Pah, the comment box has been doing that for WEEKS. Darcey loved the Oksana dead lift, and Len thought it was a sweet-smelling Salsa, but Rinder’s timing went awry. Bruno thought it was bootylicious, and it was a fantastic way to end the show. Updated at 3.14pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.03pm EST 15:03 HE ILLUMINATED BLACKPOOL! THAT’S A FULL HOUSE! DRINK DRINK DRINK! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 3.02pm EST 15:02 Already this is amazing, if a little offensive on the eyeballs. Rinder has epic Salsa hips, and some great footwork, although his Salsa Sex Face is making me a bit queasy. He looks a bit lost after the lift, so just does a bit of sideways twerking and a cartwheel to finish. Bit of a shambles, but great fun. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.59pm EST 14:59 And FINALLY, it’s Judge Rinder and Oksana! This week they’re dancing the Salsa to ‘Spice Up Your Life’ by Spice Girls, and I fully expect this to be an entirely brilliant and camptastic finale to tonight’s special. Love Rinder, love this song, not that fussed about the Salsa - we’ve seen so many pimped-up versions this series I’m no longer sure what a Salsa is supposed to look like. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.58pm EST 14:58 Scores: 8,8,8,8 – a total of 32 for Greg and Natalie. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.57pm EST 14:57 Bruno thought it was bubbly and bouncy, and he loved seeing Greg having a good time, but his footwork needs a little refinement. Craig thought there was too much height and it was all a bit bouncy, and his thumb was sticking out, but otherwise brilliant. Darcey loved Greg’s bounce on the sprung floor (DRINK), and Len loved how Greg maintained his frame, but he mucked up the leap. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.54pm EST 14:54 So Greg is doing the hand jive from Grease, with bonus Quickstep. His footwork is great, but the transitions between in and out of hold are a bit laboured and he’s still got a touch of the pigeon toes. That said, Greg is the most improved dancer this year, and I’d love to see him make the final. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.51pm EST 14:51 It’s time for Greg and Natalie! This week they’re dancing the Quickstep to ‘Hand Jive’ by Sha Na Na. After a dance-off close shave last week, I think Greg’s in danger of going home this week, so this needs to be pretty special. Also that dancefloor is massive compared to the studio, so he’s got some travelling to do. JUMP, Greg. BINGO BONUS: down the contents of your glass if any of the judges describe this as a “kiss-me-Quickstep”. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.50pm EST 14:50 Scores: 4,6,7,6 – a total of 23 for Ed and Katya. Boo. I’m not sure Claudia and AJ’s Jive was much better than that. Updated at 2.51pm EST Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.48pm EST 14:48 Len thought Ed made Blackpool ROCK! DRINK! Bruno thought Ed was strangely addictive, and most of it looked like a Jive. Craig thought it looked like Ed was playing hopscotch in a girls’ school, but he loves his commitment. Darcey loved the energy, although Ed needed more retraction in his kicks. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 2.46pm EST 14:46 Ed descends from the rafters on a burning piano, and does as little dancing as possible. Once it finally gets started, it’s a joyously dad-dancing clunky Jive, with some nice air piano-playing and general silliness. As a Jive, it’s mostly terrible. As an antidote to the hell of 2016, it’s the tonic in my gin. VOTE ED. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 4 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Strictly Come Dancing Entertainment Reality TV Television Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio selected music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › TV & radio › Strictly Come Dancing Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us DEAL: Best Buy will be offering Google Home for just $100 on Black Friday +5,057 Andrew Myrick Nov 19th, 2016 Google Home was introduced at Google I/O 2016 and was immediately considered to be the front-runner to Amazon’s Echo. The device was subsequently released earlier this month after the Pixel event and is now available at many major retailers. However, some are a bit taken back with the price of $130, and it seems Best Buy will be using Black Friday to offer a discount on the new product. Starting on November 24th and running through November 26th, Best Buy will be offering $30 off Google Home, bringing the price down to just $100. It’s not an astronomical amount of savings, but it’s enough to help sway someone away from the Echo and towards Google Home. If you need some help deciding whether you should purchase Google Home, check out the following recommendations and stay tuned for Phandroid’s full review. Further Reading 20 First Things to try with Google Home List of Google Home supported apps Hands on with Google Home [Best Buy] local_offer    Best Buy   Google Home   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading Buy the Daydream View today! Third-party Google Assistant tools coming You can now buy extra bases for your Google H Google Home is a giant Chromecast with speaker attached Google Home is now available stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
null
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Charging Speed Test: OnePlus 3T VS. Google Pixel XL By R Padla - November 19, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter The OnePlus 3T is the latest from the Chinese OEM. It’s one variant of the OnePlus 3 flagship that is poised to rival the latest Google Pixel XL as premium phones. OnePlus is proud to announce the Dash Charge as one of the fastest charging technologies today. In a short video clip posted on YouTube, OnePlus compares the OnePlus 3T and and the Google Pixel XL. Even before watching it, we knew that the OnePlus 3T would be faster. Of course, the Chinese OEM was the one who posted the video. OnePlus 3T comes equipped with 3400mAh while the Pixel has 3450mAh battery. That’s only a slight difference but watch how fast each can charge the battery. The OnePlus 3T reached 56% within half an hour while the Google Pixel XL only 49%. After an hour, the Pixel XL hits 70% while the OnePlus 3T is almost full at 96%. Full percentage is reached after another 30 minutes (1.5 hours) by the OnePlus 3T while the Pixel XL is still at 92%. After another half an hour, the Pixel XL finally reaches 100 percent. So the Dash Charge is faster than the Quick Charge 3.0 on the Google phone? Yes, in this case. We’re interested though if the result will be the same. We’re not sure if the processors also have something to do the speed but we’re impressed with the OnePlus 3T’s results. SOURCE: OnePlus Story Timeline Dash Charge trademark filed by OnePlus, could be a new charging solution OnePlus 3 Dash Charge proprietary cable, adapter required to use OnePlus Dash Charge binary to be released next month OnePlus shows off OnePlus 3 Dash Charge vs Galaxy S7 in video TAGS Android Google Pixel XL OnePlus OnePlus 3T quick charge Smartphone Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,427FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,747FollowersFollow 59,591SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Networking Google Wifi wireless router: The smart person's guide Our comprehensive guide about the Google Wifi wireless router includes its specifications and features, and what it means for small businesses and home use. By Jack Wallen | November 19, 2016, 8:45 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Google Wifi wireless router Image: James Martin/CNET Google is a leader in innovation. From the Pixel devices, Google Home, and now Google Wifi, the big Alphabet is bringing more and better technology into homes and businesses. Google's new take on the router should be something everyone considers. Google Wifi promises to make wireless networking smarter and more efficient, with attic to basement coverage that won't drop or randomly grow weak and disappear. Couple that with an app designed to help you manage your wireless network, and Google might be ready to offer up the smartest wireless router on the market. We'll update this Google Wifi resource guide as new information about the router is available. SEE: Check out all of TechRepublic's smart person's guides (TechRepublic) Executive summary What it is: Google Wifi is a next-generation wireless router that promises to be smarter and more reliable, and offer better coverage than the competition. When available, you can purchase the router in a 1-pack or a 3-pack. Why it matters: For too long, router technology has suffered from stagnant development. Google aims to bring the wireless router to the modern age, which should finally make home and small business routing more reliable and intelligent. Who it affects: Google Wifi will mostly appeal to consumers, but anyone with a small business in a space that's smaller than 4,500 square feet will also benefit from this technology. When this is happening: Google Wifi was announced October 4, 2016. The official release date of Google Wifi is December 6, 2016. How to take advantage of Google Wifi: If you want to hop onto the Google Wifi bandwagon as soon as the devices are released, you can join the waitlist. Additional resources: Google Wi-Fi aims to improve your home's wireless network (ZDNet) Google Wifi router promises wall-to-wall wireless for less (CNET) Explore the CNET Smart Home (CNET) TechRepublic to partner with CNET and City of Louisville to connect smart cities to professionals and their living spaces (TechRepublic) What it is Google Wifi is a wireless router that goes well beyond the standard feature set of such a device. One of the key features of Google Wifi is seamless coverage throughout your home or small business. This solves a problem that many consumers have suffered for years: spotty wireless signals. Google achieves this by allowing you to join multiple Google Wifi units together to ensure there isn't a single dead zone in your location. More about Networking Gartner's 10 big trends that will change how IT operates How to deploy a Samba domain controller in under 10 minutes Real-world server room nightmares Subscribe to TechRepublic's Data Center Trends newsletter The Wifi units include software called Network Assist that makes sure you always have the strongest signal possible by constantly selecting the clearest wireless channel. When using multiple "points," Network Assist will seamlessly transition your device to the closest Wi-Fi point to ensure the best connection possible. The devices were also designed to meet the demanding needs of modern usage—that translates to streaming. Google's goal was to create a wireless router that could stream, download, and share from multiple devices simultaneously, without your network speed taking a hit. Another standout feature is the Google WiFi app. With this app, you can easily share your Wi-Fi password, see what devices are online, prioritize devices for increased performance, and pause your signal to specific devices (think parental control). Google Wifi's specs: Network ports: 2 Gigabit Ethernet ports per unit (ports can be configured as WAN or LAN) Memory: 512 MB RAM, 4 GB eMMC flash Processor: Quad-Core ARM CPU, each core up to 710 MHz Dimensions: Height: 2.70 inch, Diameter: 4.17 inch Google Wifi can be purchased in either a 1-pack (which will cover locations up to 1,500 square feet) or a 3-pack (which will cover locations up to 4,500 square feet). The 1-pack will sell for $129.00 USD, and the 3-pack will sell for $299.00 USD. Additional resources: Google Fiber pivots: What it means for the future of gigabit internet (TechRepublic) Google Pixel phone: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Chromebooks: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Google Assistant: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Why it matters The router has worked in the background for decades...all the while, remaining an unintelligent piece of hardware that does little more than route packages either through a network cable or a wireless signal. Considering how far nearly every other piece of technology has come, it only makes sense that the router finally get its chance to evolve. That is precisely what Google has done with Google Wifi. Older router technology (especially at the consumer level) struggles to keep up with the ever-growing demands we place on our wireless networks. From streaming television, games, music, cloud storage, and much more, old-school routers don't stand a chance. The time to evolve wireless technology is long past overdue, and Google Wifi might be exactly what we need to shore up wireless connectivity, especially in larger locations. Additional resources: AT&T launches new Fiber brand, will bring fiber internet to 11 more metro areas (TechRepublic) AT&T to deliver gigabit wireless internet on power lines with new Project AirGig (TechRepublic) Google looks to boost last mile Fiber efforts with wireless broadband (TechRepublic) 6 things you need to know about 802.11ac Wave 2 (TechRepublic) Who it affects Google Wifi is targeted mainly for consumer home usage. With the ability to create a mesh network within your home, you won't suffer dead zones so that you can enjoy seamless wireless throughout. This new technology is especially important for consumers who experience dropped or reduced wireless connections within their homes. But don't think Google Wifi is relegated to home use only. If you have a small business (again, in a space that's less than 4,500 square feet), and you're looking for an inexpensive way to get full wireless coverage, you would likely benefit from Google Wifi, especially if your building seems to suffer constant wireless interference. With Wifi's built-in ability to automatically switch to the clearest available channel, your wireless signal will always be at its strongest. Additional resources: New report shows most people still hate their broadband provider, opens door for new disruptors (TechRepublic) Twisted light encoding may boost fiber optic bandwidth in a big way (TechRepublic) Why a modern security strategy demands endpoint protection (TechRepublic) Fiber channel networking: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) Google Home review: A promising step toward the future (ZDNet) Five ways small companies can get ahead through technology sharing (Tech Pro Research) When this is happening The wait is almost over—you can pre-order in November 2016, and the official release date is December 6, 2016. The devices will be available in the US, Canada, and the UK. Google Wifi will be sold through the Google Store and at numerous retailers, including Amazon, Best Buy, and Walmart. Additional resources: Google Wi-Fi aims to improve your home's wireless network (ZDNet) Google wants to bring affordable, public Wi-Fi to the world (ZDNet) How to take advantage of Google Wifi You will only need to order a 1-pack or a 3-pack when Google Wifi becomes available. There will be no contract to sign, and you will not have to subscribe to a service. Although the official app has yet to become available, my guess is that you will have to associate Google Wifi with your Google account for better management. Additional resources: Google Wifi app (Google) Video: See Google's new Wifi hub (CNET) Don't worry — your OnHub router will work with Google Wifi (CNET) Keep up with the latest in tech innovations by subscribing to our Next Big Thing newsletter. Subscribe Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Jack Wallen Jack Wallen is an award-winning writer for TechRepublic and Linux.com. He’s an avid promoter of open source and the voice of The Android Expert. For more news about Jack Wallen, visit his website jackwallen.com. Full Bio Contact See all of Jack's content Google+ jlwallen × Full Bio Jack Wallen is an award-winning writer for TechRepublic and Linux.com. He’s an avid promoter of open source and the voice of The Android Expert. For more news about Jack Wallen, visit his website jackwallen.com. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Travel and business expense policy Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The 10 Richest People in the U.S. Investors everywhere can learn a few key lessons by studying the lives and habits of these rich Americans. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Nov 19, 2016 at 11:41AM Image source: Getty Images. As lifelong students of business and investing, we Fools maintain there's plenty to be learned by studying the habits and career arcs of the world's most successful people. This makes eminent sense. As you'll see below, the richest people in the U.S are disproportionately self-made entrepreneurs. What's more, they found themselves in the right place at the right time -- their early careers often intersect with the dawn of new industries -- and with the necessary skills to translate an idea into a mass-market enterprise. Having a background in technology clearly doesn't hurt either. Here's how the list of the richest Americans breaks down today: Name Estimated Net Worth Bill Gates $82 billion Warren Buffett $70 billion Jeff Bezos $64 billion Mark Zuckerberg $51 billion Larry Ellison $49 billion Michael Bloomberg $43 billion Charles Koch $42 billion David Koch $42 billion Larry Page $38 billion Sergey Brin $38 billion Data source: Forbes. Nos. 9 and 10: Larry Page and Sergey Brin ($35 billion and $34 billion, respectively) Since their wealth remains so interconnected, we'll group Larry Page's and Sergey Brin's stories as a single entry. Together, Page and Brin co-founded Google, now traded under its holding company name Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). They met and developed the idea and technology for Google while completing their Ph.D.s at Stanford. Both maintain active roles within Alphabet's upper ranks today: Page serves as CEO, and Brin as president and director of the company's moonshot program Google X. Thanks to Alphabet's three-tiered stock structure, Brin, Page, and executive chairman Eric Schmidt control the overwhelming majority of its voting power and, as a result, the tech giant's future direction. Nos. 7 and 8: David Koch and Charles Koch ($39 billion each) Like Page and Brin, multibillionaire brothers Charles and David Koch also derive their immense fortunes from a single source -- Koch Industries, founded by their father in 1940. Today Charles serves as acting CEO and chairman, and David holds the role of executive vice president. They purchased their other two brothers' stakes in 1983, and Charles and David now control an estimated 84% of the diversified industrials giant, which runs a mix of companies involved in chemicals refining, manufacturing, and investments. The second-largest privately held company in the U.S., the Wichita-based Koch Industries (according to a Forbes estimate) employs 100,000 people and produces revenues of over $100 billion. No. 6: Michael Bloomberg ($40 billion) Michael Bloomberg is the only member of the list whose career spans business and elected office, and his towering fortune is just part of his broader legacy. Bloomberg founded his eponymously named Bloomberg LP using severance money he received from the now-defunct investment bank Salomon Brothers. Expanding on a financial database project he had developed while at the bank, Bloomberg struck out on his own, eventually creating the financial data and media giant that would make him one of Earth's richest people. In the early 2000s, Bloomberg ran for Mayor of New York City, winning election to the position in 2002, 2006, and 2010. Like a number of other names on this list, Bloomberg is a signee of The Giving Pledge, in which signees promise to donate 99% of their net worth to charitable causes when they pass away. No. 5: Larry Ellison ($43 billion) The theme of technology billionaires continues with Larry Ellison , the founder, CTO, and chairman of database giant Oracle (NYSE:ORCL). Ellison founded Oracle in 1977, in part thanks to a CIA contract to develop the relational databases that made Oracle into a tech-industry powerhouse. A noted philanthropist and adventurer, Ellison signed The Giving Pledge and has supported numerous charitable causes and public events; his lavish funding of Team USA in the America's Cup stands as just one noteworthy example. No. 4: Mark Zuckerberg ($44 billion) Another interesting trend in this list is the prominence of college dropouts like Mark Zuckerberg, who founded Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) from his college dorm room at Harvard. He left college to help grow Facebook, which has become one of the fastest-growing and most successful tech companies of all time. Over 1 billion users access Facebook on a daily basis, an incredible level of engagement that supports one of the most lucrative advertising operations in business today. In recent years, the Facebook CEO and chairman has also added philanthropic endeavors to his areas of interest. Zuckerberg and his wife Priscilla Chan have also signed The Giving Pledge. No. 3: Jeff Bezos ($45 billion) After leaving a career on Wall Street, Bezos founded e-commerce powerhouse Amazon.com in 1994, in the nascent days of the internet. Harnessing the web's massive commercial potential at a time when few appreciated it, Bezos has grown Amazon from a humble seller of books online into one of the world's most powerful and innovative companies. Along the way, Bezos and Amazon have helped upend industries as varied as entertainment, computing infrastructure, and online shipping. What's more, the company Bezos created is only getting started. It continues to expand its presence internationally, and sees a major potential opportunity in the global logistics and fulfillment business, among many others. In his spare time, Bezos has translated his lifelong love of space into his company Blue Origin, which he hopes will help usher in an era of space tourism. No. 2: Warren Buffett ($60 billion) In case you didn't know it, we Fools adore the Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK.B) CEO and chairman in equal parts for his investing prowess and for his principled perspective on life in general. An investing prodigy, Buffett learned his trade under Benjamin Graham -- one of the pioneers of value or fundamental investing -- while a student at Columbia Business School, where Buffett reportedly earned the only A+ Graham ever awarded to one of his MBA students. Buffett then honed his investing skills in New York and in a private partnership he ran from his hometown in Omaha, Nebraska. After winding down his investment partnership in 1969, Buffett focused his professional attention entirely on growing Berkshire alongside his legendary partner Charlie Munger. Throughout the years, Buffett invested and profited greatly from a varied roster of companies including GEICO, The Washington Post Company (now Graham Holdings), Coca-Cola, See's Candies, NetJets, Burlington Northern Santa Fe, and many more. Like some others on this list, Buffett is a signee of The Giving Pledge. No. 1: Bill Gates ($75 billion) Last but certainly not least, Bill Gates co-founded and led software behemoth Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), which has made him one of the richest people on Earth for the better part of the last 20 years. Tracing a path that Zuckerberg would later follow, Gates dropped out of Harvard to help seize what few then understood to be Microsoft's world-changing opportunity at the dawn of the PC era. Gates acted as CEO until 2000, when he handed the reins to his longtime lieutenant Steve Ballmer (also a billionaire), to shift his focus toward philanthropic endeavors. Gates and his wife Melinda were founders and signees of The Giving Pledge, and their Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has donated nearly $40 billion since its inception to a host of philanthropic initiatives. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares), Berkshire Hathaway (B shares), and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft and Oracle. The Motley Fool recommends Coca-Cola and Graham Holdings. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Nov 19, 2016 at 11:41AM Consumer Goods Stocks Berkshire Hathaway (A shares) NYSE:BRK-A $236,391.00 down $-1,159.00 (-0.49%) Oracle NYSE:ORCL $39.86 down $0.39 (-0.97%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $60.35 down $0.29 (-0.48%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $775.97 down $-10.19 (-1.30%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $117.02 down $0.77 (-0.65%) Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $40.91 down $0.21 (-0.51%) Graham Holdings NYSE:GHC $479.20 up $1.75 (0.37%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $760.54 down $-10.69 (-1.39%) Berkshire Hathaway Inc. New NYSE:BRK.B $157.75 down $0.64 (-0.40%) Read More Synutra International, Inc. Shares Pop on Its Big News A Reduced Payout Could Be Coming for These High-Yield Dividend Stocks Two Things Investors Might Have Missed in the Markets This Week 9 Indra Nooyi Quotes on Leadership, Diversity, and Business That Will Make You a Better Investor Is Cutting the Cord With Cable Worth It? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
clock menu more-arrow Daydream Nation How Google made its View VR headset a reality by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Nov 18, 2016, 1:47pm EST Photos by Vjeran Pavic share tweet Linkedin It’s a couple of weeks before the Daydream View headset launches, and at Google’s Mountain View headquarters, the team has filled a room with pieces of its past. The tables are littered with fabric swatches, molded foam shells, and things that look like clunky black carnival masks — actually, early 3D-printed mockups of the View’s face section. Someone has dumped out a boxful of little plastic discs in varying shapes and sizes, marked with curt admonitions: edge too sharp on one, buttons don’t make sense on another. I’ve seen dozens of VR prototypes from various companies, research facilities, and private tinkerers in the past few years. Overwhelmingly, they’re technological proofs of concept. When Valve created a mini-museum commemorating the development of its Vive headset, for instance, it was essentially a timeline of different motion tracking systems. But Daydream is different. Its basic premise isn’t far from the basic Cardboard platform that Google launched in 2014, albeit with a major performance boost and a new controller. Instead of the next big tech advance, the Daydream View team has spent the last year and a half poring over ways to bring a futuristic technology down to earth. Virtual reality has always been tinged with science fiction. In some ways, this is a good thing — images of the Matrix and the Holodeck have consistently fueled interest in the technology, even when it was primitive and largely inaccessible. But it’s also a sign that real, everyday VR doesn’t yet fit into most people’s lives. Headsets are great at trade shows, but not the comfort of our homes. Google’s answer to this has been the Daydream View, potentially the first of several Daydream headsets. Google VR lead Clay Bavor describes Daydream as a "fanciful" platform, and the View is supposed to embody one manifestation of that: a super-soft device based on the world of clothing, not consumer electronics. But while Google is in the middle of a huge push to make its own hardware, this is still largely uncharted territory — for it or almost anyone else. The Daydream View was conceived in mid-2015, about a year after Google publicly got into the virtual reality game. Its Google Cardboard experiment had stripped VR down to its most basic elements: a mobile phone, a pair of magnifying lenses, and a cardboard case that held the two together. Cardboard helped kickstart a boom in mobile VR, but it had inherent limitations. Users had to physically hold the headsets up to their faces, and interaction was limited to head pointing and a single control button. But outside Google, the only other options at that point were relatively clunky, expensive, and — in most cases — still awaiting a consumer launch. "We had just come off from a lot of success in Google Cardboard, which is a very simple device, and kind of seen what was coming out in the industry, but nothing had really taken flight yet," says Andrew Nartker, product manager for Daydream and Google VR. "Two things that people weren’t really, we think, doing justice to — or solving in a way that could scale to everybody — were comfort and interaction." The core "tech" of Daydream View is just a double funnel and some lenses Google Google’s starting point for the View was a stripped-down frame that made even Cardboard seem baroque, however. It looks like a double funnel made of cheap yellowish-white plastic, and it’s essentially the primordial VR headset: just add lenses to one side and clip a phone to the other. The View incorporates features like an NFC chip that sends the phone into VR mode, but this shape is the core headset "technology" — the bit designed to actually get people into VR. As the room full of prototypes suggests, making that process pleasant was the hard part. When the Google Pixel, the first Daydream phone, came out, reviewers dinged its bland design. But when the Daydream team talks about the View, "generic" doesn’t seem like it would be an insult. Every part of the headset is loosely cribbed from familiar soft goods: ski goggles, shoes, T-shirts, jackets, and even things like tents and kites. "At least today, there aren’t all that many VR headsets out in the world," says Bavor. "We have borrowed from things that people already wear." For all that, there’s no piece of clothing with the exact requirements of a virtual reality headset. Headsets are heavier than just about any pair of sporting goggles, particularly with the big-screen phones that work best in mobile VR. Fit and balance are an ongoing problem, especially for people with glasses — a population that includes Bavor himself. At the same time, Google didn’t want to overwhelm people with adjustments and fitting options, including ubiquitous over-the-head strap. "It’s intimidating to a lot of new users," says Nartker. "There’s not a lot of products that exist in the market today that have a mohawk top strap." In fact, getting rid of it was a core goal. Solid colors and mesh lost out to heathered tones As reviews like mine noted, the single band is one of the most difficult View elements to get used to. But it could have been much worse — and much heavier. Ironically, the seemingly bare-bones double funnel used too much plastic, so it was replaced by an even more skeletal frame. 3D-printed masks tested the distribution of pressure over the face, aiming to spread it evenly across wearers’ foreheads and cheekbones. Extra space around the eyes was added, in order to better accommodate glasses. Then the masks were reproduced in a lighter combination of foam and fabric, which shipped with the final View. The band was angled precisely in order to distribute the weight best; in different prototypes, you can spot the way it’s been tilted it up and down by a few degrees. "Things we thought were cooler, better, more interesting, actually weren’t." Physical comfort, in the form of weight and fit, wasn’t the only concern. People needed to be able to look at the device and immediately know what to do with it, especially if they were new to VR. Unexpected flourishes — even elegant ones — had to be pared down. Take, for example, the Daydream View fastener, which holds the phone into the headset. As it stands, the View uses an elastic loop on the front panel, which stretches across a hook on the top. But the team also tested snaps and zippers, as well as a magnet design that would have created a seamless seal. "We love magnets at Google. Magnets were exciting," Nartker recalls fondly. Without an obvious fastener like the elastic tab, though, people didn’t understand how the phone was supposed to fit. "A bunch of user tests showed us that the other things we thought were cooler, better, more interesting, actually weren’t." Clothing manufacturing was also unfamiliar to Google, and it came with its own challenges. In an average piece of clothing, "if the stitch is a few millimeters off but it’s a straight line, it’s fine," says Daydream View product manager Sandeep Waraich. "In consumer electronics, every millimeter counts." Among other things, Google worked with manufacturers on a laser leveling system that would make lining up the grain of the fabric easier. But the difficulty of working with cloth is one reason that you can only buy the View in three different tones of the same heathered texture, not a plethora of different patterns. Like a lot of Google’s prototype elements, looking at early color swatches inspires a twinge of wistfulness. It makes sense that the company abandoned less flexible materials like suede, and nixed a brightly colored mesh that failed to block out light. Solid-colored cloth apparently just looked like plastic from a distance, which undercut the aesthetic of the View. The overwhelming impression, though, is that the View could have looked so much weirder. Google took its best shot at the all-purpose hoodie of VR, but hiding behind the scenes, the motorcycle jacket and retro minidress of VR are there as well. The world just isn’t ready for them… at least not yet. Google VP of virtual reality Clay Bavor. Bavor mentions more colors as a possibility in upcoming years — I put in my own suggestion for a FiestaWare-tinged bright avocado green. But the alternate controllers Google considered are less likely to see the light of day. Developed in tandem with the headset, the earliest controller concepts look like an almost random assortment of oversized worry stones, board game tokens, and cheap cooking accessories. One is a long, flat wand, another a tiny square with a thumbprint depression. One reminds me of a makeup compact, or the deliberately surreal seashell e-reader from It Follows. They’re all exaggerated and futuristic in a way that the final controller, a straightforward Twinkie-shaped remote, isn’t. They also feel a little bit ridiculous. "Orientation tough," drily notes a critique written on several amorphous oblong shapes. Another looks like a luggage tag, with a neat hole punched in one corner; I fumble around for a few seconds, but I’m not even sure what to do with it. All of them might have reinforced the idea that VR hardware was for techies cosplaying sci-fi characters, not everyday use. There’s a reason the seashell reader wasn’t real, and there’s a reason these aren’t, either. "People love trackpads because it signals to them, it’s kind of like my phone." The Daydream team quickly decided on a solid remote shaped differently on each end, so people could easily point it the right direction. The top became a trackpad, similar to the Gear VR’s onboard controller. "People love trackpads because it signals to them, it’s kind of like my phone — versus, like, a joystick or a D-pad," says Nartker. It was slender at first, but user feedback led the team to a heftier, rounder body. "We thought we wanted a flatter, thinner design just because it’s aesthetically pleasing. But it turns out that your palm needs something to cup and hold." Unlike the rest of Daydream, where ergonomics were a thornier problem than tech, the controller also needed some serious engineering. It was based loosely on gyroscopic TV remotes, which allow for a similar pointing mechanic. But if people were using it for long periods of heavy interaction — and, after all, it aspires to be the "mouse of VR" — it needed to be more precise and less prone to drift. The remote’s guts were tested in a black brick that Nartker calls the "garage door opener," and an external case provided the near-final remote with true positional tracking, like that of the Rift or Vive. This meant that while Google was simulating full motion controls, it had a real-world standard to compare them to. The ultimate dream is that final Daydream systems will incorporate this motion tracking, ideally through cameras mounted in the phone or headset. But according to Nartker, we’re not there yet — even with inside-out tracking prototypes like Oculus’ Santa Cruz headset. "Just getting your headset tracked in space is a pretty challenging problem that nobody’s really cracked yet in the industry, let alone getting a controller to track itself in space," he says. A number of companies, including Oculus, Microsoft, and Qualcomm, have offered their take on inside-out tracking. But they don’t include advanced interactive options yet, and existing headset-mounted trackers like Leap Motion are still solving problems like reliability and range. The View isn’t the limit of Google’s ambitions, even for Daydream. Google is rumored to be working on projects like eye tracking, and Bavor confirms that the Daydream name could hypothetically apply not just to mobile headsets, but all-in-one devices. Whatever the future holds, though, its first product could outlast an average piece of electronics. "Most of the heavy lifting is done by the phone," says Bavor. "So it’s more about ‘What is the phone upgrade cycle?’ than ‘What is the headset upgrade cycle?’" And even years from now, the View’s simplicity is supposedly here to stay. "The more active elements you add to the headset, the more complex it becomes in terms of cost and manufacturability, but also most importantly setup. You imagine plugging lots of little things in and connecting things and so on," he says, disapproving. "We want it to be simple, we want it to be frictionless to get in and out of VR. And the simple, largely passive headset design really helps with that." If I could only get it in green. Circuit Breaker This smart device sniffed my morning breath to check for gum disease Circuit Breaker These are some fancy iPhone corner protectors Circuit Breaker Get the Google Home speaker for $99 at Best Buy on Black Friday View all stories in Circuit Breaker Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries Fighting fake news on Facebook: Why some employees are willing to risk their jobs to stop misinformation Both Facebook and Google announced this week they will crack down on fake news by cutting off revenue streams By Diana Swain, CBC News Posted: Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ET Last Updated: Nov 19, 2016 11:30 AM ET Many of the widely shared, election-related fake news stories on Facebook were favourable to Donald Trump and critical of Hillary Clinton. (Carlos Barria/Reuters) Diana Swain Multi-award-winning journalist Diana Swain is the senior investigative correspondent for CBC News and host of The Investigators on CBC News Network. Twitter: @swaindiana Related Stories Only Facebook knows how it spreads fake election news Social media is blinding us to other points of view Google says it will crack down on fake news sites It's a bad time to be in the fake news business too Fake news is hardly new. It has dominated the headlines at the checkout stands of grocery stores for decades. How else would we have learned that Elvis Presley was still alive or that Vegas headliner Wayne Newton is actually an alien? Watch The Investigators on CBC Television at 9:30 p.m. ET Saturday or on CBC News Network at 5:30 p.m. ET Sunday. But recently fake news is being viewed as a real problem by those who believe that the posting of fake news stories on Facebook influenced the U.S. presidential campaign in Donald Trump's favour, as many of those widely shared stories were sympathetic to Trump — or critical of Hillary Clinton. A story claiming Pope Francis had endorsed Donald Trump, for example, was shared a staggering 100,000 times. Those fake news sites make money for their creators every time someone shares or clicks on a story, helping to explain why they seem to be increasing exponentially online. This week, under pressure to do something, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced his company, like Google, will now prevent fake news sites from profiting on his platform. But he says he won't stop them from posting the material. BuzzFeed reporter Sheera Frenkel revealed this week that doesn't go far enough for some Facebook employees. She spoke to several employees, some of whom work at the company's headquarters in Menlo Park, Calif., who have been meeting secretly to think of ways to pressure their employer to clamp down on the fake news sites. Only Facebook knows how it spreads fake election news Frenkel spoke to CBC News for this weekend's episode of The Investigators, and explained why those employees were willing to risk their jobs by meeting privately, and by speaking to her, in an effort to fight fake news. Here's part of that conversation: SHEERA FRENKEL: I think that Facebook employees have not really spoken out as much as employees at other tech companies. And the fact that they did want to come forward and speak to me, as well as meet secretly, shows just how bad they think the problem has gotten. I think that the comments by Mark Zuckerberg over the weekend, that it was a "crazy idea" that fake news had influenced the elections, is what really drove them over the edge and made them feel like they had to take a public stance on this. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has said his company will prevent fake news sites from profiting on his platform, but he won't stop them from posting the material. (Jose Miguel Gomez/Reuters) DIANA SWAIN: What do they think is at stake here, if not more is done? SHEERA FRENKEL: A lot of employees I spoke to weren't so much talking about what happened in the elections that just passed in the United States, but are looking forward to elections that are going to be facing Europe and the rest of the world in the coming year. They said that fake news is affecting a number of countries on a number of different issues, and they didn't want to see the mistakes made here in the United States over the past year replicated across the world. Especially as Facebook is pushing right now to expand so heavily into the rest of the world. ANALYSIS | Social media is blinding us to other points of view DIANA SWAIN: Facebook and Google have responded to this by saying, 'All right, we'll cut off the revenue stream for these fake news sites.' Because that's why they're really there — to make money. Is that going to be enough? SHEERA FRENKEL: The employees I spoke to said they didn't think it was enough. I mean, stopping them from advertising is definitely a step. But it doesn't address what is the key issue, which is that for as long as these [stories] are allowed to exist on the platform, and for as long as Facebook allows these sites to run wild, people are going to click on them and people are going to share them. And in parts of the world with lower digital literacy, where people maybe have less of a healthy media climate of sources they can rely on, people are going to believe those fake news items, and make judgments based on what they read there. Why it's a bad time to be in the fake news business DIANA SWAIN: One of the guys who's really the leader of these fake news site — a number of them are under his name — has expressed surprise now that he might have contributed to anything in terms of the outcome of the election. But he says, 'Hey, look, I make money doing this. And is it really my fault that people don't fact-check? If they don't bring any critical thinking to these stories?' — some of which he even admits are pretty fantastic. SHEERA FRENKEL: Oh definitely. BuzzFeed did a report looking at [the] Macedonian teenagers who are running some of these sites. So it's not always that they're being done maliciously, that there's a political intent. Of course, some of them are put up to support one candidate over another, but a lot of the time it's just people trying to make money. And I think that is what's interesting. ... Not just this guy, but also somebody in the Washington Post also wrote and said, 'I can't believe people bought that. I can't believe people shared that article as widely as they did.' So I think there's a certain amount of incredulity that people believe everything they see online. The Investigators with Diana Swain - Sheera Frenkel interview2:47 This week's episode of The Investigators also includes interviews with CBC's Dave Seglins and the Toronto Star's Rob Cribb about their joint investigation into the RCMP's quest for greater access to Canadians' digital privacy, including having to give up their own personal privacy to get RCMP clearance in order to see some secret files. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Proposed underage sex law stokes anger in Turkey 2:53 Mike Pence booed by crowd, addressed by cast of Hamilton 3:48 Jennifer Hale on video games: 'It's acting on steroids' 1:53 Late for the test 0:26 Most Viewed How Trump's son-in-law could skirt nepotism laws and find his way into the White House read comments Ralph Nader says Trump's 'unstable personality' means trouble More than 100 dead after train derails in northern India Trump trauma: A sign of doomsday or mass derangement? Could Canadian's brutal 1969 stabbing death be connected to another L.A. cold case? Trump meets fierce critic Mitt Romney Anger in Turkey over proposed child sex law Fighting fake news on Facebook: Why some employees are willing to risk their jobs to stop misinformation read comments Angela Merkel to run for 4th term as German chancellor, report says South Korea president's friend, former aides indicted amid corruption scandal Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss Trudeau, APEC leaders look to put softer face on globalization to battle Trump More than 100 dead after train derails in northern India New Trump meets with potential cabinet picks, lashes out on Twitter Could Canadian's brutal 1969 stabbing death be connected to another L.A. cold case? Analysis How Trump's son-in-law could skirt nepotism laws and find his way into the White House Opinion We get it British press — Meghan Markle is biracial Analysis The war against ISIS marches on as Canada, allies wonder what Trump will ask of them next Lift 'devastating' loan burdens for refugees, advocates urge Liberal government Ottawa snowfall warning: up to 25 cm possible by Monday morning Air Miles customers complain they can't get their hands on their rewards From coffee cups to fake badges, how some people try to avoid parking tickets Ralph Nader says Trump's 'unstable personality' means trouble Ottawa to decide this week on Enbridge's biggest pipeline project Mortgage rates, grocery bills, airline fees all heading up: The Marketplace consumer cheat sheet Angela Merkel to run for 4th term as German chancellor, report says Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Google does a better job with fake news than Facebook, but there's a big loophole it hasn't fixed Nathan McAlone Nov. 19, 2016, 11:14 AM 11,163 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google has done a much better job combating fake news than Facebook, but there is still a big problem it needs to fix: “newsy” Google search results that seem like they have been editorially approved, but actually haven’t been. Earlier this week, Google faced criticism when one of its top results for “final election count” was fake news. The top result in Google Search's “In the news” section was a Wordpress blog named “70 News,” which claimed Trump won the popular vote by a margin of almost 700,000. He didn’t. Here is what the Google results looked like at one point: Business Insider To the average person, the above page might look as if Google News, the company's editorially-vetted news section, which has human oversight, had been duped by a fake news story. But it hadn't. Google says that “70 News” was not part of the Google News roster of approved publications. How is that possible?  The reason is because the “newsy” modules that sit at the top of many Google searches (the “In the news” section on desktop, and the “Top stories” section on mobile) don’t pull content straight from Google News. They pull from all sorts of content available across the web, and can include sites not approved by Google News. This is particularly confusing for users on the desktop version of Google's site, where the "In the news" section lives. Not only does the “In the news” section literally have the word "news" in its name, but the link at the bottom of the module, which says “More news for…,” takes you to the separate Google News page, which is comprised only of articles that Google's editorial system has approved.   Business Insider Given these two factors, it's not a stretch that you might assume the results in that little box are from Google News. Often they are. But they aren't always, as evidenced by "70 News." The newsy boxes appear to be a loophole in Google's system that provides another way for false information to seep into the public consciousness under the guise of trusted facts.  While the viral nature of Facebook's social media platform has been blamed for much of the recent spread of false news, Google's efforts to position itself as the world's fist stop on the web has created another breeding ground for fake news that is still not completely understood.  Ads versus ad-free So why isn’t the “In the news” section just the top three Google News results? The short answer is because Google sees Google Search and Google News as separate products. The longer answer might have to do with advertising dollars. Google News does not include any advertising, which helps Google avoid recriminations from news publishers, some of whom are already angry about losing traffic to Google, that Google is profiting from their work.  Google's main search page, on the other hand, does have advertising.  By featuring a box of news stories on its main search page, Google can generate ad revenue alongside popular news articles that are not technically "Google News," while providing a link to its ad-free Google News section. (Google declined to comment on this aspect). Whatever the reason for the separation, the branding and placement of the “In the news” section seems likely to mislead users into thinking it’s a Google News product.  The 80% Google News consensus None of this would be a problem if Google News and Google Search had the same amount of editorial oversight. But Google has a stricter system of quality control on Google News, so users might inherently trust “In the news” in a way they wouldn't trust a simple search result. The goal of Google News is to showcase the work of bona fide news sites, with authoritative voices. Publications have to apply to be part of Google News, and can be turned down. To get into Google News, a site first goes through a low-level algorithmic check, which looks at things like site structure (is there an “About Me” page?). If it passes, the site then goes through a proactive review by a committee, which is encouraged to do extra research. In this committee, if the site gets an 80% or more consensus, it passes. If it gets rejected, the publisher is told why, and can reapply in 60 days. Google has let over 75,000 publications onto this platform, and there is a form anyone can use to report any bad behavior, which can get publishers kicked off. Google Search for truth Google’s search results, in contrast, are not editorially vetted, or assessed for “truth.” Google’s algorithms still do a good job at sniffing out fake sites because Google is set up to catch “spam.” But Google’s algorithms will likely never be 100% perfect at telling what information on a website is inaccurate. Google does, however, seem to want to wipe fake news from its platform. “From our perspective, there should just be no situation where fake news gets distributed, so we are all for doing better here,” Google CEO Sundar Pichai said recently. After the issue of fake news entered the spotlight after the election, Google announced it would ban fake-news sites from its ad network, choking off their revenue. But even if Google's goal is to kick fake-news sites out of its search engine, most Google users probably understand that Google search results don’t have carry the editorial stamp of approval from Google. But this expectation gets more complicated when it comes to Search sections like “Top Stories” or “In the news.” The 'Top Stories' on your phone When you search for something that relates to news on your smartphone, Google will often present you with a carousel of stories at the top labeled “Top stories.” Here is what it looks like: Business Insider That carousel is not part of Google News. It is full of “ newsy” pages from both Google News and from Google Search. So it is a mixture of sites vetted and not vetted by humans. What ties all those “Top stories” together is that they are AMP sites, Google’s open-source project to promote faster-loading webpages. Basically, any website that conforms to a set of technical standards gets labeled an AMP site by Google, and gets an “AMP” tag (with a little lightning bolt). One of the perks of being an AMP site is that you have the chance to appear in the “Top stories” carousel. But though the “Top stories” carousel might strike you as similar to Google News when you hear the name, Google views AMP as a technical description, not as an editorial product. Anyone can publish an AMP site, and the pages don’t even have to be news-related — Ebay is one, for instance. Because of this stance, Google has no plans to have humans make any editorial decisions about AMP pages. The “In the news” section rests in a similar situation. It is a “Search” product not a “News” product, and so is not editorially vetted. And while Google’s algorithms are good, the “70 News” situation shows they can be gamed. This whole situation seems like an easy fix for Google: Have the sections that appear to be news only pull from Google News, which has stricter oversight. Update: A source familiar with the matter says Google has plans to remove the "In the news" section from its desktop search. SEE ALSO: AT&T just set a launch event for its streaming TV package that gives you 100+ channels for $35 NOW WATCH: The Secret Service seized $30 million in fake money in its biggest bust ever Loading video... More: Google Search Google News Fake news Facebook Fake News facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Google does a better job with fake news than Facebook, but there's a big loophole it hasn't fixed Google does a better job with fake news than Facebook, but there's a big loophole it hasn't fixed Google has done a much better job combating... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Skip to content Open Menu Home About Contact The HFT Guy A developer in London tech Google Cloud is 50% cheaper than AWS 18 November 201619 November 2016 thehftguy4 Comments Let’s revisit Google and Amazon pricing since the AWS November 2016 Price Reduction. We’ll analyse instance costs, for various workloads and usages. All prices are given in dollars per month (720 hours) for servers located in Europe (eu-west-1). Shared CPU Instances Shared CPU instances give only a bit of CPU. The physical processor is over allocated and shared with many other instances running on the same host. A shared CPU instance may burst to 100% CPU usage for short periods but it may also be starved of CPU and paused. Note that these instances are cheap but they are not reliable for non-negligible continuous workloads. The smallest instances on both cloud is 500MB and a few percent of CPU. That’s the cheapest instance. It’s usable for testing and minimal needs (can’t do much with only 5% of CPU and 500MB). The infamous t2.small and it’s rival the g1-small are usually the most common instance types in use. They come with 2GB of memory and a bit of CPU. It’s cheap and good enough for many use cases (excluding production and time critical processing, which need dedicated CPU time). The Cheapest Production Instances Production instances are all the instances with dedicated CPU time (i.e. everything but the shared CPU instances). Most services will just run on the cheapest production instance available. That instance is very important because it determines the entry price and the specifications for everything. The cheapest production instance on Google Cloud is the n1-standard-1 which gives 1 CPU and 4 GB of memory. AWS is more complex. The c3.medium is 1 CPU and 4 GB of memory. The c4.large is 2 CPU and 4 GB of memory. c3 is the previous family generation (pre-2015), using older hardware and an ancient virtualization technology. c4 is the current generation, it has enhanced networking and reserved bandwidth for EBS, among other system improvements. Either way, the Google entry-level instance is significantly cheaper than both AWS entry-level instances. There will be a lot of these running, expect massive costs savings by using Google cloud. I’m a believer that one should optimize for manageability and not raw costs. That means adopting c4/m4 as the standard for deployments (instead of c3/m3). Given this decision, the smallest production instance on AWS is the c4.large (2 CPU, 4GB memory), a rather big instance when compared to the n1-standard-1 (1 CPU, 4GB memory). Why are we forced to pay for two CPUs as the minimal choice on AWS? That does set a high base price. Not only Google is cheaper because it’s more competitive but it also offers more tailored options. The result is a massive 68% discount on the most commonly used production instance. Personal Note: I would criticize the choice of AWS to discontinue the line of m4.medium instance type (1 CPU). Instances by usage A server has 3 dimensions of specifications: CPU performances, memory size and network speed. Most applications only have a hard requirement in a single dimension. We’ll analyse the pricing separately for each usage pattern. Network Heavy Typical Consumers: load balancers, file transfers, uploads/downloads, backups and generally speaking everything that uses the network. What should we order to have  1Gbps and how much will it be? The minimum on Google Cloud is the n1-highcpu-4 instance (4 CPU, 4 GB memory). The minimum on AWS is the c4.4xlarge instance (16 CPU, 30 GB memory). AWS bandwidth allowance is limited and correlated to the instance size. The big instances -with decent bandwidth- are incredibly expensive. To give a point of comparison, the c4|m4|r3.large instances have a hard cap at 220 Mbits/s of network traffic (Note: It also applies internally within a VPC). Source: Network and cloud storage benchmark in 2015 All Google instances have significantly faster network than the equivalent [and even bigger] AWS instances, to the point where they’re not even playing in the same league. Google has been designing networks and manufacturing their own equipment for decades. It’s fair to assume than AWS doesn’t have the technology to compete. CPU Typical Consumers: web servers, data analysis, simulations, processing and computations. Google is cheaper per CPU. Google CPU instances have half the memory of AWS CPU instances[1]. While that could have justified a 10% difference, it doesn’t justify double[2]. Note: The performances per CPU are equivalent on both cloud (though the CPU models and serial numbers may vary). [1] A sane design decision. Most CPU bound workloads don’t need much memory. (Note: if they do, they can be run on “standard” instances). [2] Pricing is mostly linked to CPU count. Additional memory is cheap. Memory Typical Consumers: database, caches and in-memory workloads. Google is cheaper per GB of memory. Google memory instances have 15% less memory than AWS CPU instances. While that could have justified a few percent difference, it sure as hell doesn’t justify double[2]. [2] Pricing is mostly linked to CPU count. Additional memory is cheap. Local SSD and Scaling Up There are software that can only scale up, typically SQL databases. A database holding tons of data will require fast local disks and truckloads of memory to operate non-sluggishly. Scaling up is the most typical use case for beefy dedicated servers, but we’re not gonna rent a single server in another place just for one application. The cloud provider will have to accommodate that need. Google allows to attach local 400GB SSDs to any instance type ($85 a month per disk). Some AWS instances comes with small local SSD (16-160GB), you’re out of luck if you need more space than that. The only option to get big local SSD is the special i2 instances family, they have specifications in powers of 800GB local SSD + 4 CPU + 15 GB RAM (for $655 a month). The Google SSD model is superior. It’s significantly more modular and cheaper (and more performant but that’s a different topic). The requirements to fulfil are between parenthesis. Disk Intensive Load: A job that requires high volume fast disks (i.e. local SSD) but not much memory. AWS forces you to buy a big instance (i2.xlarge) to get enough SSD space whereas Google allows you to attach a SSD to a small instance (n1-highcpu-4). The lack of flexibility from AWS has a measurable impact, the AWS setup is 406% the costs of the Google setup to achieve the same need. Database: A typical database. Fast storage and sizeable memory. Bigger Database: Sometimes there is no choice but to scale up, to whatever resources are commanded by the application. On AWS (i2.8xlarge) 32 cores, 244GB memory, 2 x 800 GB local SSD in RAID1 (+ 6 SSD unused yet gotta pay for it). On Google Cloud (n1-highmem-32): 32 cores, 208 GB memory, 4 x 375 GB local SSD in RAID10. This last number is meant to show that the lack of flexibility of AWS can (and will) snowball quickly. Only a very particular instance can fulfil the requirements, it comes with many cores and 4800 GB of unnecessary local SSD. The AWS bill is $4k (273%) higher than the equivalent setup on Google Cloud. Custom Instances Google offers custom machine types. You can pick how much CPU and memory you want, you’ll get that exact instance with a tailored pricing. It is quite flexible. For instance, we could recreate any instance from AWS on Google Cloud. Of course, there are physical bounds inherent to hardware (e.g. you can’t have a single core with 100 GB of memory). Reserved Instances Reserved Instances are bullshit! Reserving capacity is a dangerous and antiquated pricing model that belongs to the era of the datacenter. The numbers given in this article do not account for any AWS reservation. However, they all account for Google sustained use discount (30% automatic discount on instances that ran for the entire month). If your infrastructure is so small that you can reserve all your 4 instances upfront, you should reconsider why you use AWS in the first place. There are more appropriate and cheaper options available. If your infrastructure is big enough that you have dozens of servers (or thousands), you should already be aware that: Long term commitment is a huge risk. Most people underestimate it. Predictions are always off. Most people are overconfident in their predictions. You are no exception to most people. Reservation is a mess when having many AWS accounts (dev, staging, prod). Anything that is testing/transient is too short-lived to be reserved. Less than 50% of reservable stuff can actually be reserved (margin for change/error). Most people managers are stubborn. If you your manager is stubborn and really insists on reserving instances, you should bet exclusively on “1 year full upfront“. Safety Warning: There is no confirmation button when you purchase reserved instances. You can absolutely spend $73185 without seeing nor confirming an invoice. Conclusion AWS was the first generation of cloud, Google is the second. The second generation is always better because it can learn from the mistakes of the first and it doesn’t have the old legacy to support. 2016 should be remembered as the year Google became a better choice than AWS. If 50% cheaper is not a solid argument, I don’t know what is. References: Cloud Storage Performance, a benchmark with graphs on network performance. Jupiter Rising: A Decade of Clos Topologies and Centralized Control in Google’s Datacenter Network, A Google Research Paper, the story on what powers their internal network. Amazon does everything wrong, and Google does everything right, A message by an employee from Amazon than Google, not directly relevant but still a good read. Share this article: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Hacker News (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Amazon AWS, cloud costs, Google Cloud Platform Post navigation Previous Post What is docker and how it’s used 4 thoughts on “Google Cloud is 50% cheaper than AWS” levlaz says: 19 November 2016 at 02:59 Excellent post! I have been looking for a clear comparison like this one for a while. Thanks! LikeLike Reply nambisankaran says: 19 November 2016 at 17:05 At its heart Google is a engineering driven technology company, Where as amazon is a business driven ecommerce company. Now that google has opened up their cloud for general purpose computing, we will see more cost savings in future. LikeLike Reply Wilson says: 19 November 2016 at 22:57 Any CTO using AWS and not GCE should be held accountable for not only wasting money on AWS, but also accountable for the inferior network latency of AWS. LikeLike Reply Tom says: 20 November 2016 at 02:31 Switching to GCE after using AWS for almost 4 years has paid off big time. I’m glad others have come to the same conclusion. I’ve also noticed much less latency across the board with GCE. LikeLike Reply Post a Comment Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Most Popular Google Cloud is 50% cheaper than AWS Choosing the right cloud provider: AWS vs GCE vs Digital Ocean vs OVH GCE vs AWS in 2016: Why you should NEVER use Amazon! Docker in Production: A History of Failure 250 GB/day of logs with Graylog: The good, the bad and the ugly About What is docker and how it's used HAProxy vs nginx: Why you should NEVER use nginx for load balancing! Follow Follow this blog. Get news about the cloud and the latest devops tools. Newest Articles Google Cloud is 50% cheaper than AWS What is docker and how it’s used Docker in Production: A History of Failure How to present a GitHub project for your resume Building an Analytics Pipeline in 2016: The Ultimate Guide Site Statistics 253,896 views Powered by WordPress.com. Back to top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search The Best Google Pixel phone cases: Live, Silicone, 3rd-party Chris Burns - Nov 19, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Today we’re running down the best Google Pixel cases that’ve been released thus far for the larger of the two devices, the Pixel XL. As Google is in the process of making a very big deal about these devices, both the Pixel and the Pixel XL are enjoying attention with cases from many brands. We’ve done some syphoning of the best of these cases and bring you the best of the best, as follows. The first wave of Google Pixel XL cases includes a lot of “this already works” sort of designs. Companies that make cases for lots of different kinds of phones are re-fitting their case designs to fit the Pixel family. As such, we’ve already seen cases that look just like what you’re about to see, for the most part. It’s important to recognize that while we sometimes suggest that one case is better than all others, this is a very subjective process. Choosing a case can be as difficult as choosing a smartphone, especially when it comes to aesthetics. When it comes to protection*, however, there’s one brand I trust above all others. *When I say protection, I mean protection within reasonable size bounds. The cases we’re showing here keep the basic shape and size of the phone in mind. There will be cases that cover the entire phone for super extreme ruggedness in the future – but for now, we’re sticking to the basics. 1. Tech21’s Evo Check Since the Google Pixel isn’t a particularly complicated piece of industrial design, cases of all sorts can be made for it relatively simply. The case you see below is the Evo Check from the company Tech21. This same case family previously came out on top when we reviewed Galaxy S6 cases last year. The Evo Check provides great resistance to damage – it’s the most robust case we’ve tested thus far. It carries with it the Tech21 technology called FlexShock, made of material similar to that of the 1990’s Nickelodeon toy Gak. Instead of bashing up against the edge of the phone when the device is dropped, this material absorbs impact and the phone (and case) bounce. Like many other Tech21 cases, this Evo Check will cost around $40 USD through the Tech21 online store. This case is out in black with black border (border being the interior bit, the protective FlexShock. It’s also available in white with white border – both are excellent for any of the several colors in which the Pixel XL comes. 2. Google Live Case (with custom design) We also have the Google Live Case – this one a customized case with a design from yours truly. The design is printed with colors that are extremely vibrant – save the edges. The design isn’t as sharp as I’d expected it to be, but well within the bounds of acceptability. The Google Live Case comes with a download of a wallpaper based on the design printed on the case, so the device looks all fancy and matching. The case has a button inside it that is difficult to press, but easy to get used to pressing. This button activates features within the phone. Using an app available through Google Play, this button is able to do things like open an app or turn on the flash at the back of the phone to be used as a flashlight. It’s the colorful design you’re paying for, here, as protection to the phone is limited to the very basic. While this case has never popped off of the phone as long as I’ve used it, I would not be surprised if a long drop resulted in some serious damage since the case is made only of plastic. While the protection the Live Case offers isn’t massive, the ability to customize is well worth the cash. The Google Store online offers a variety of already-designed cases which are pretty great too. All Live Cases from Google cost a cool $40 USD. 3. Pixel XL Case by Google The plain-ol’ colorful “Pixel XL Case by Google” is my choice for best combination of style, fit, protection and price for the Pixel XL. This case is extremely similar to the “Silicone Case” for iPhone by Apple. The only difference seems to be the slightly fancier interior in Apple’s case. Both companies suggest they’ve got a “microfiber” lining, protecting the surface of the phone from the case itself. The silicone in both cases provide just enough grip and bounce that they’re well in and above my standard for feeling that my phone is safe. While Apple’s silicone seems just a TINY bit more grippy, both cases do this job well. What’s important with silicone is that it’s not manufactured in a way that makes it sticky. We’ve seen devices and accessories aplenty with silicone that’s far too soft, collecting so much dust that they weren’t worth the hassle. Google and Apple know what good silicone is all about. This Google-made case for the Pixel XL is the best of the pack if you’re all about balance. That’s a balance of price, protection, fit, and style. The “Pixel XL Case by Google” costs a cool $35 from the Google Store and comes in 5 different colors. Wrap-up The Google Pixel and Pixel XL have a decent selection of cases available from both Google and 3rd-party manufacturers. The cases I’ve listed above are great for their own purposes, and while I personally like the silicone case because of its balance in features, others may choose differently. The case that offers the best protection in a phone drop situation is the Tech21 case, while the case that’s most unique is the customizable Live Case from Google. You can trust that each of the cases we have listed here bat well above their cost when it comes to quality. We do not list smartphone cases that fall below our standards for phone protection or material quality – unless they’re so terrible we just NEED to make it known. Rest assured that any of the three cases above would be a top-notch choice for your Pixel or Pixel XL. Story Timeline Google Pixel XL Review: Android embodied, for better or worse How to escape iMessage and switch from iPhone to Pixel Galaxy S7 vs Google Pixel Camera Review : Test the Best 3 reasons to buy Google Pixel and 3 to wait Google Pixel XL teardown tells its secrets (with HTC) Google Pixel XL VS LG V20 blind camera battle: Test the Best Reasons why Google's Pixel 2 could be the best phone ever Tags AccessoriesAndroidBuyer's GuidegoogleGoogle PixelhardwareHTCpixelPixel XLsmartphoneTech21 Must Read Bits & Bytes 20 Black Friday phone deals: iPhone, Pixel, Galaxy and more Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 Latest Headlines GoPro Karma owners given free HERO5 for returning failed drone Nov 20, 2016 Star Wars Battlefront Rogue One DLC unveiled, quadruple XP weekend continues Nov 20, 2016 Overwatch: First Strike graphic novel canceled by Blizzard Nov 20, 2016 Sources: Microsoft and HP will launch consumer Windows 10 phone in 2017 Nov 20, 2016 New Alexa skill has Amazon Echo reading 60,000 recipes Nov 20, 2016 Latest Reviews Review: Funlux Smart Wireless Mini CAM security camera Nov 18, 2016 GPD WIN Review: Mobile Windows 10 for gaming Nov 18, 2016 Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices Patrick O'Rourke November 19, 2016 10:00am Google wants you to know that the Pixel is secure, so the company wrote an entire blog post on the subject. In a Google Security Blog post entitled ‘Google Pixel: better, faster, stronger,’ two of the tech giant’s senior software engineers discuss how the Pixel’s encryption implementation improves the “user experience, performance, and security” of the company’s smartphones. On a technical level, the Pixel utilizes full disk encryption known as FBE, which means different files are encrypted with different keys, with each file being unlocked independently. Typically smartphones utilize FDE encryption known as full disk encryption. Google says that through this method the company has given users access to the Pixel’s unlock and decrypt screen, allowing applications like alarm clocks, accessibility settings and phone calls, to be used right after booting. Google also says it utilizes technology called TrustZone that enforces a verified boot process, which results in the OS not booting gif its detected any form of modification. Finally, the company says it’s dropped eCryptFS encryption, stating that it does not meet its encryption requirements. For more information on Pixel related security, check out Google’s full blog post. SourceGoogle Security Blog ciderrules “inline hardware encryption engine” The iPhone 3GS from 2009 says hello. Only took you 7 years to catch up. dirtyKIMCHI This paragraph: “On a technical level, the Pixel utilizes full disk encryption known as FBE, which means different files are encrypted with different keys, with each file being unlocked independently. Typically smartphones utilize FDE encryption known as full disk encryption.” Should have read: “On a technical level, the Pixel utilizes File Based Encryption, known as FBE, meaning different files are encrypted with different keys; each file being unlocked independently. Typically, smartphones utilize FDE, known as Full Disk Encryption.” ciderrules Would have been better with a technical discussion of the advantages and drawbacks of each. Googles blog post only lists the benefits but conveniently left out the drawbacks. Chug that haterade “First up on the list was the new offering from Google, the Pixel. The Pixel was no match for the team of hackers from Qihoo 360. Executing a remote hack on the flagship phone, the team was able to take full control of the phone, from contacts, photos, messaging, and phone calls. This marks the second time that the Pixel has been hacked in the last two weeks. The prior hack was executed by Keen Tem of Tencent and the Mobile Pwn2Own event in Japan.” Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Living with Google Home Vincent Nguyen - Nov 3, 2016 4 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit The Google Assistant has been bundled into the browser, added into Android, and squeezed into Android Wear: now, it’s getting a sleek object d’art for the smart home. Google Home is the search giant’s take on the smart speaker space, a direct challenge to everyone’s current favorite virtual PA, Amazon’s Alexa. At $129, Google Home undercuts Echo (though not Echo Dot) and, if your digital life is already in Google’s cloud, it promises a more streamlined way to consume that data around the home. If Amazon’s Echo is a vaguely ominous totem, Google Home opts for a more curvaceous, less threatening design. It’s a little like an essential oil defuser, only one with interchangeable base sections. Screw apart the two halves – they cling together magnetically – and you can switch out the lower grille for different colors like the pumpkin-orange shown here, or various metal and fabric finishes. Inside, there’s a 2-inch driver and twin 2-inch passive radiators, while on the bottom there’s a socket for the power adapter. Despite embracing USB Type-C on the Pixel and Pixel XL, Home relies on a proprietary power plug, and there’s no battery option for entirely wireless use. Slide your finger in a circle clockwise or anti-clockwise on the angled top, and you adjust the volume. It’s still early days with Google Home – too early, in fact, for a full review. Google provided us with access to the Beta Program ahead of the official public launch tomorrow, but life on the cutting edge isn’t always entirely smooth. Some of the features Home promises either didn’t work consistently, or wouldn’t work properly at all. First things first. Setup is straightforward: you load the Google app on your iOS or Android device, from which point you point the speaker in the direction of your WiFi network and Google account credentials. If you have a Chromecast or Chromecast Audio, they first need to be on the same WiFi network as Home in order to connect. Then, they should show up in the “Devices” section of the app. If you have a smart home system installed, such as Nest’s Learning Thermostat, Philips’ Hue bulbs, or SmartThings’ hub, you can add those in too. The process is broadly the same: head into “Devices”, choose the type of connected gadget you’ll be pairing, and in some cases (as is the case with Nest) sign into the relevant account. For multi-room products like Hue, you can assign different bulbs to different rooms: that way you can instruct a whole group to act at the same time, rather than individually. Google says more such IoT integrations are in the pipeline, though I suspect the core functionality Home supports today will cover many of the bases for the average smart home user. If they don’t, there’s always IFTTT, and you can set up recipes which a Home voice command can trigger. For instance, I was able to set up an IFTTT recipe that posted an update to Facebook from a Home instruction. Audio processing is courtesy of a far-field microphone array. Most of the time, the idea is to trigger Home with one of two verbal triggers: either “Ok Google” or, a new addition with Home, “Hey Google” – the quartet of LEDs on the top flash to show the speaker is listening. Alternatively, you can tap the capacitive button on the top. As you might expect, Google Home gets the basics right. Factual questions, like calculations or search queries that Google’s knowledge graph can answer, are straightforward: the Google Assistant basically reads out the short summary result, just as Google Now would. You can set timers by voice, ask for translations of words and phrases into different languages, and check the weather: Google defaults to your current location, though you can specify a different place if you prefer. Not everything was smooth sailing. Home did a great job of recognizing playlist names and starting up music, and though the body of the speaker might be relatively compact, there’s a surprising amount of both volume and clarity that comes out during playback. Unfortunately, at times it seemed that overwhelmed the microphone array, and I had to physically tap the top to get a reaction. Echo, with its seven microphones, seems to do a better job at this than the pair of microphones on Home can. Sometimes by booming out “Ok Google!” I could cut through the music and have my voice recognized, but it’s hardly a discrete way of interacting with your personal assistant. Incidentally, if you’re paranoid about being overheard, there’s also a microphone-mute button on the side too. That wasn’t the only issue, mind. While I gave permission for the Assistant to look at my calendar, Home couldn’t find any upcoming appointments to read out. My biggest concern out of the box with Google Home is that, for a device so keen to be at the heart of your family, it’s really only designed for a single person. Right now, there’s only support for registering one Google account. It’s that account from which the Assistant pulls calendar entries, gives you traffic reports for your commute into work, and adds to your to-do lists. It’s the personal search history for that account which shapes results Google Home gives, and indeed which Home queries will in turn shape. On the one hand, that can leave a lot of people out in the cold. Since my wife’s Google account isn’t registered, Google Home won’t give her calendar reminders, and she can’t add new appointments to her schedule by voice. If she tries, they’re added to my calendar instead. There’s a more security-centric issue, though, too. You can optionally grant Google Home access to your Gmail account – the Assistant can read out new messages, for instance, as well as keep an eye out for upcoming flight itineraries and let you know when you next have travel coming up – but there’s no access security, it’s only an on/off toggle in the companion app. If it’s turned on, anybody has access to your account, whether they be a member of your family or just a guest stopping by. Home does support registering multiple streaming music accounts at once, so you can ask for playlists or tracks and they’re pulled in across different Spotify accounts for instance. Nonetheless, unless you have a single Google account for the whole family, Home is always going to feel biased toward one person. The flip-side of that, using multiple devices in the same location, is actually handled surprisingly well. If you have more than one instance of the Google Assistance listening out for the “Ok Google” trigger phrase – whether that be several Home speakers, or include Pixel phones and other devices – only the closest one to you will respond. I only had a single Google Home unit to test, but if you have multiple you can group them and play the same music across all of them; you can also add Chromecast Audio players to those groups too. What I suspect Home’s success will hinge on is how quickly third-party developers get onboard. Right now, though it has the basics of the smart home covered, and a handful of services such as Uber, the list of “Actions” for Home pales in comparison to Alexa’s “Skills”. The good news is that, by the end of the year, Google plans to throw open “Actions” to developers to wade into. Importantly, it’s not just Google Home that they’ll work with: anything with the Google Assistant will be compatible. That’s a sizable number of devices out of the gate, and a big potential audience for any developer weighing whether Google should be their platform of focus. Right now, Google Home feels much like an Android smartphone with no screen and always plugged in. The multi-room audio is slick, though not a game-changer, while the Gmail, Calendar, Google Maps, and other integrations are clever but hamstrung by the fact that only registering one person’s account is supported. Meanwhile, the lack of security still gives me pause, and I wish there was a way for Home to limit access to more personal data like email unless, say, it spotted my smartphone was present. We’ll have more on Google Home as we continue our testing ahead of a full review. If you’re convinced already, meanwhile, they start shipping tomorrow, November 4. Price is $129. Google Home Gallery Tags googleGoogle AssistantGoogle HomeHome AutomationIoT ReviewsSlashGear Reviewssmart home Must Read Bits & Bytes 20 Black Friday phone deals: iPhone, Pixel, Galaxy and more Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 2 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business Exploring a new frontier this holiday shopping season: Virtual reality The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Illustration by Dan Matutina for The Washington Post By Hayley Tsukayama November 18 Follow @htsuka It is a sad truth for technology enthusiasts that it’s almost the end of 2016, and we still don’t have flying cars, a moon colony or fully functional robot butlers. But there is at least one sci-fi technology that is aiming to make a breakthrough into your living room: virtual reality. Companies big and small are betting that holiday shoppers will get the appeal of being able to pop on a headset and immerse their eyes and ears — and sometimes their hands and feet — in another world. Google, Sony, Samsung, Facebook and HTC are among the major manufacturers that have put virtual reality products, mostly for playing games, on the market in the past several months. And retailers such as Walmart and Best Buy are building the excitement by setting up demonstration areas in their stores so consumers can get a good feel for these unfamiliar devices. “For most people . . . this will be their first real opportunity to play with or experience virtual reality,” said Clifton Dawson, chief executive of the market research firm Greenlight VR. “What is really important here is the reaction we’ll see from consumers who walk in these stores and get educated about it for the first time.” That could make this holiday season a critical period for VR, which is trying to prove it’s not just a gimmick like some gaming trends before it. (Remember the Wii and the Kinect?) Research firm IDC estimates that consumers — particularly gamers — will snap up 9.6 million virtual reality headsets by the end of the year, spending about $2.6 billion. Gamers, Dawson said, are an obvious key market to watch but so are those looking to use the virtual reality headsets for a family purchase, to replace screen time spent together on the computer to share funny videos or websites, or watching television. Greg Hall, Walmart’s senior vice president for entertainment, said he expects that gaming will remain tech’s big draw in the near term — but people are “warming up” to virtual reality. “We like the growth,” he said. “We like VR and think it’s got some nice legs for us.” The full potential of the virtual reality market is still quite a few years away, analysts say. And, in a reversal of the timeline that characterized technologies such as desktops, laptops and cellphones, the appetite for virtual reality is expected to start with average people buying them for their own personal use before the devices break into the business world. Greenlight VR believes the trend will be driven by consumer adoption through 2019, but that applications for business — including education, training and telecommuting — will start to make up the lion’s share of the market after that. The company projects that VR will become a $36 billion industry within the next decade. A two-tiered market Given how early in the VR trend we are, there’s a surprising variety of virtual reality headsets on the market. They come in two main types: Some are self-contained and are used primarily for high-end video games; they allow you to step completely into the virtual world and interact with it. Others work only with your smartphone, and are better suited to passively viewing specially designed 360-degree photos and videos — a super-modern update of the 19th-century stereoscopes that used to show kids slides of the wider world. If you’re skeptical of virtual reality but are intrigued by more immersive digital experiences, you may want to consider one of the latter type — say the Google Cardboard viewer. It works with smartphones up to six inches high and costs just $15. Other manufacturers are selling cardboard viewers online for even less — some as little as $5. These are good stocking stuffers for those who want to dip a toe in the virtual reality world, or for families with lots of kids who all want their own viewers. (There’s a reason Google has marketed these heavily to classrooms.) News organizations and other outlets post photos and videos for Google Cardboard on social media, and there are also apps for Android and iOS that work with the viewer to send users on virtual trips around the world, for example, or put them on stage with Paul McCartney in concert. For a little more polish, you can step up to something like the Google Daydream View or the Samsung Gear VR, which still run off the smartphone but provide a higher-quality experience. The Daydream View, Google’s $79 cloth and plastic headset, also comes with a remote that will let you play and interact with some basic games. And it’s much more comfortable to use — it stays put on your head with a strap, so you don’t have to hold it up. The Samsung Gear VR is also powered by a smartphone, but it has to be a Galaxy smartphone — specifically, the Galaxy S6 and newer models. With a touch-sensitive control pad on the side of the goggles, the Gear VR is a better choice for light gaming and has a number of high-profile titles including “Minecraft.” At $99, it’s far pricier than a cardboard reader, but it’s a far better experience. Getting serious If you’re super-serious and want something that actually lets you interact with the digital world, there are essentially three headset models to choose from: the HTC Vive, the PlayStation VR and the Oculus Rift. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses. Both the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift will require connection to a high-end personal computer to work properly — a computer that itself could cost users at least $1,000 to put together if they don’t have a VR-ready computer already. There are some hidden costs as well. The $799 HTC Vive, for example, does an amazing job of tricking your senses into believing that you’re in a digital world. You really feel as if you can interact with the virtual environment, and several clever software tricks mean that you don’t ever find yourself groping blind for a dropped game controller. One reason it’s so effective is it gives you a lot of in-world space in which to move, and a lot of sensors with which to track those movements. The downside? You have to give up a lot of real-world space: a suggested minimum of 5 feet by 6.5 feet. You’ll also have to find room to plug in seven pieces of equipment: the computer, monitor, headset, chargers and sensors. That’s fine for a man-cave, but not so much for a studio apartment. The $599 Rift doesn’t require as much space. In fact, some of its best experiences take place when you’re seated, which means it can be used in a normal office or living room. Its pair of hand controllers, called the Oculus Touch, also let you interact smoothly with the digital world, though they’re not always quite as sensitive — or easy to find when dropped — as those of the Vive. The Rift shines, however, in the overall quality of its software. As one of the first companies to raise mainstream awareness of virtual reality, Oculus took pains to minimize some of the more unpleasant side effects of moving through a VR world, with rock-solid tracking that should keep all but the most sensitive player from feeling too much motion sickness. Finally, Sony’s PlayStation VR has the advantage of working automatically with the PlayStation 4 and the newly released PlayStation 4 Pro. That means it doesn’t require an extra computer and runs off the game console that its target audience knows and probably already owns. Among these three high-end headsets, PlayStation VR is also the most comfortable to wear for long periods of time. And it’s just $400 — though you’ve already paid a few hundred for your PlayStation. If you really want to buy a VR headset but are still having trouble figuring out what works for you, don’t forget to compare each headset’s unique catalog of games first, to narrow down their options. Or you could take a year or two to think about it. While the hype machine is in full force right now, and consumers are responding, that doesn’t mean that failing to buy a VR headset this year will make you the lamest house on the block. Even VR evangelists don’t see the technology truly becoming mainstream for another couple of years, and that’s if all goes well. So if you postpone the decision, you may not be on the cutting edge this holiday season; but you may also save yourself some money and space if the analysts’ forecasts are wrong. business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 2 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Hayley Tsukayama covers consumer technology for The Washington Post. Follow @htsuka 2 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 For foreign diplomats, Trump hotel is place to be 2 The real secret to Asian American success was not education 3 The North Pole is an insane 36 degrees warmer than normal as winter descends 4 Trump’s pick for attorney general: ‘Good people don’t smoke marijuana’ 5 The real story behind that exaggerated Ford tweet from Donald Trump Market Watch DJIA -0.19% NASDAQ -0.23% Get quote Last Update: 11/20/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to content Loyd Abel The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them. Home Expand the primary sidebar Poppup the search form Close the primary sidebar Bookmarks The Man In Charge E-mail My FB Recent Posts Follow These Expert SEO Strategies Search Engine Marketing Practical SEO Solutions for you SEO Work With Your Site It’s Nice to Learn There Are Good People out There Moving to an Apartment with My Dog It Doesn’t Have to Be Hard Getting a Home We Realize That This Security Install is Better Late Than Never Areas Fraction Sacramento SEO Expert Extra Ways Of Looking November 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 Links Search Engine MarketingPosted on Search Engine Marketing: It Is Actually For Everyone Search engine marketing is often confusing to some beginner, yet it is an important facet in using a site to build income. It does not take much to direct more traffic for your site. All you need is an effective availability of knowledge and the right tools to work with. Search engine optimisation & Sacramento SEO Expert can be a great tool for businesses new to the net market. While Google along with other search engines may appear complex, their algorithms are very similar. Companies including Google utilize bots that prowl the world wide web for specific content. In case your website provides the content it is seeking, your page will probably be listed higher among search engine results. Put simply, seo covers itself in publicity. Allow website visitors to your site to social bookmark it for later, by offering your online visitors this choice, you are helping create links that will raise you in search engine ranks. Not just that, but you can find free widgets that can help you make this happen free of charge. Keep in mind the higher searching results, the better you can be found and get more traffic. Although there are many search engines like yahoo on the market, you ought to pinpoint the big three and leave the others alone, to start. Google, Yahoo and Bing will be the big boys around the block, with Google managing the lion’s share of the market. So when optimizing your site, adhere to the kinds of things the search engines like Google appreciates. There’s no sense in optimizing for Ask or MSN, when there’s really no money there. Do not run afoul of the spam filters modern search engines like yahoo use if you optimize your web site. These filters – actually complex decision-making algorithms, analyze website content and flag pages for omission after they seem to be light on real content. To avert this sinister fate you must limit the volume of search engine marketing tweaking you employ. Websites should be regularly refreshed with new content and pages to help you with search engine marketing. Keywords are excellent yet they are able to only help your web site with an extent. When you are covering popular subjects, you can easily go missing in the crowd. You do not want your website ranked low on an internet search engine. Maintain your recommendations fresh by linking to appropriate and influential high ranking websites on a regular basis. To search engine optimize your internet site, avoid using navigation menus that utilize JavaScript, forms or CSS. These types of navigation menus can’t be crawled by search engine spiders. If you must use one of these brilliant kinds of navigation menus, be sure you duplicate your website navigation, as normal hyperlinks, inside the footer of each page. Go to your site and look to be sure that the title tag towards the top of your window describes this content that you are considering. Make sure that it includes the keywords you want readers to associate together with your website. When you are a little local company make sure that the true secret local search words are within the title tag. When building your internet presence, don’t forget to incorporate your internet site for the niche link directories. Whatever product you sell, from knitwear to financial services, there’s bound to become specialized website that caters to people considering that kind of company, so search for those sites and get your links listed. That may, of course, help increase your search engine rankings and carry in more traffic. You must now recognize that SEO is an extremely important component of online marketing. There are ways to create your site more visible to find engines. Follow our suggestions about these, to see the outcomes! The better developed your internet site, the more likely you will be able to attract higher traffic and make more cash. Blog this! Digg this post Recommend on Facebook share via Reddit Share with Stumblers Tweet about it Subscribe to the comments on this post Author admin Categories Sacramento SEO Expert Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Post navigation PREVIOUS Previous post: Practical SEO Solutions for you NEXT Next post: Follow These Expert SEO Strategies Toggle to the primary sidebar Close the secondary sidebar Theme by WPaesthetic Close the search form Search for: follow: RSS

null
null
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 6 minutes Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email If you’re in the market for a mid-range, cheap-yet-powerful smartphone, ASUS thinks they have the phone for you. The Asus ZenFone 3 rivals similar phones like the OnePlus and the ZTE Axon 7 that offer high-end specs, but for several hundred dollars less than other flagship devices. You might be familiar with last year’s ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2 Review and Giveaway ASUS ZenFone 2 Review and Giveaway As more people are fed up with smartphones that cost well over $600, some manufacturers are taking notice. ASUS brings us the ZenFone 2, a $299 phone with internal specs that easily trump its competitors. Read More , but this is a whole different beast. The ZenFone 2 was bulky, plastic, and had terrible battery life. The ZenFone 3 is thin, made of glass and metal, and has great battery life. It doesn’t even seem like a successor to the 2 — more an entirely different phone. Let’s find out exactly what makes this phone so great, and don’t forget to enter below for your chance to win our test model! ASUS ZenFone 3 Giveaway Specifications Price: $330–$370 Chipset: Octa-core 2.0 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 (MSM8953) RAM: 4 GB Storage: 64 GB Cameras: 16 MP rear-facing with Optical Image Stabilization, 8 MP front-facing Size: 152.6mm x 77.4mm x 7.7mm (6.01in x 3.05in x 0.30in) Weight: 155g (5.47oz) Screen: 5.5″ Super IPS+ 1920 x 1080 display Expansion: microSD card slot up to 128 GB Battery: 3,000mAh Operating System: Android 6.0 Marshmallow Extra Features: Fingerprint scanner, USB Type-C Hardware This phone feels so premium. There’s no other way to put it. For under $400, this kind of build quality is unheard of. With a glass back panel and curved aluminum sides, the ZenFone 3 feels sleek and comfortable in your hand — if a bit slippery. Asus’s signature concentric circles radiate out from around the camera fingerprint sensor on the back in an incredibly elegant fashion. The curved glass on the front of the device leaves the edges feeling polished and high-end. Everything about this smartphone’s exterior screams modern and top of the line. The textured power button and volume rocker can be found on the right side of the device, the headphone jack is up top, the microSD card and SIM card slot is on the left, and the USB Type-C port and speaker are on the bottom. For navigation, the ZenFone 3 relies on capacitive keys rather than a physical home button like the Galaxy S7 or virtual keys like the HTC 10. There’s no back light for the buttons, which I actually prefer, but some folks have complained that they’re impossible to see in the dark (but, come on, you know where those three buttons are). On the rear of the phone, the 16 MP camera juts out a little. Just beneath it, there’s a fingerprint scanner that’s blazingly fast. The only reservation I have about it is the placement — it’s great if you’re holding the phone, but if it’s resting on a table, you’ll be typing out your PIN to open the device. Still, I’m just in shock over how nice this phone feels while still being so cheap. I’m a big fan of budget phones 5 Ways Cheap Android Smartphones Beat the Flagships 5 Ways Cheap Android Smartphones Beat the Flagships Who says you need the latest and greatest (and most expensive) smartphone out there? The cheaper alternatives are actually really good. Let us show you. Read More , but they never feel this premium. The screen is a 1080p Super IPS+ display, which is crystal clear and brighter than most other smartphones I’ve tested, making it easier to see in direct sunlight. Camera That 16 MP shooter on the rear is really quite good. While the camera is usually the first thing to go when cutting corners for a cheap device, Asus really went all out here. Images are crisp and clear, and the Camera app has a plethora of features. There’s even Optical Image Stabilization, which keeps your videos super smooth and reduces blur from shaky hands. But what impressed me the most is how quickly it can take photos in succession — something a lot of phones struggle with. I found the 8 MP front-facing camera to be better than most other smartphones that only have 5 MP front-facing cameras. Don’t worry, your selfies will be lovely. Speaker The single speaker along the bottom of the ZenFone 3 is one of the few weak points of this phone. It’s not that loud, and the placement on the bottom isn’t as nice as a front-facing speaker would be. Asus has included an “Outdoor Mode” feature that you can toggle on and off when adjusting the volume, but it just seems to sacrifice sound quality for a bit more volume. Overall, the audio you’ll get out of this is definitely acceptable, but it’s not the best. Software Every phone has to have its Achilles’ heel — say hello to the ZenFone 3’s. While the specs and physical design might be great, the software is really what holds it back for me. Sure, it’s running Android 6.0 Marshmallow as most flagships are (aside from Google’s Pixel, which launched with 7.1 Nougat Google Unveils New Pixel Phones, Chromecast Ultra, & More... Google Unveils New Pixel Phones, Chromecast Ultra, & More... Google has unveiled a host of new hardware, including new Pixel phones, the Chromecast Ultra, the Daydream View, Google Home, and Google Wifi. Read More ), but it has a heavily customized overlay called ZenUI Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Android Skins Explained: How Do Hardware Makers Change Stock Android? Hardware makers like to take Android and morph it into something that is entirely their own, but is this a good or a bad thing? Take a look and compare these different Android skins. Read More . ZenUI is a big, bright, round, colorful take on the Android experience. It reminds me somewhat of how Samsung’s TouchWiz interface used to look (Samsung has dialed it down in recent years) because it’s kind of busy, cluttered, and immature. But, that’s personal preference. Maybe you like how it looks! There are also a bunch of new “features” that you won’t find in stock Android, like shortcuts on the lockscreen, extra shortcuts in the Quick Settings, ZenMotion gestures, themes, Easy mode, and Kids mode. Asus has preloaded a number of apps that you can either look at as bloatware or as helpful tools. For the most part, I saw them as the former. For example, two pre-loaded Yahoo! apps display in Chinese even when the system language is set to English ZenTalk, ZenCircle, and Webstorage are Asus’s own messaging, social, and cloud service apps that I doubt anyone actually uses. The list goes on and on with pointless software, especially when apps serve the same purpose as the built-in Google apps — like a Gallery app even though Google Photos is installed too. It’s not all bad news, though. Mobile Manager has some useful features, like controlling which apps can automatically start when you turn your phone on. And when you tap the Recents key, you get three buttons along the bottom for quick access to certain tools like pinning apps, clearing your RAM, or viewing your list of apps. And even if you do like all of the software customizations, they might mean that the ZenFone 3 receives painfully slow updates (because it takes longer to update the code with all of Asus’s customizations). I’d be shocked if Asus delivered 7.0 Nougat to this phone within the next 6 months, and I’d be even more shocked if it was upgraded past that. Asus hasn’t even officially confirmed that it will see a Nougat update. Performance Powered by the Snapdragon 625, the ZenFone 3 might not have the best processor on the market, but you won’t really notice in day-to-day usage. I played games and multi-tasked just fine, helped along by the hefty 4 GB of RAM. It never felt like it wasn’t performing well, and the 64 GB of internal storage was more than enough (plus it’s expandable with a microSD 5 Mistakes to Avoid When Buying Your Next MicroSD Card 5 Mistakes to Avoid When Buying Your Next MicroSD Card MicroSD cards seem simple, but there are a few critical mistakes that you must avoid when shopping for one. If you ignore these, you may regret your purchase. Read More  card up to another 128 GB). Battery Life Given the weak battery life of its predecessor, I didn’t have high hopes for the ZenFone 3, but it actually turned out to last quite a while. The 3,000mAh battery lasted through every day without a problem — unless I was running it down with intensive apps. However, the best part might be that it uses USB Type-C What Is USB Type-C? What Is USB Type-C? Ah, the USB plug. It is as ubiquitous now as it is notorious for never being able to be plugged in right the first time. Read More , the new standard that is reversible and allows for faster charger and faster data transfers. Since the ZenFone 3 also support Quick Charge 3.0, it can be fully juiced up in about an hour and a half. Should You Buy It? To me, I feel like the Asus ZenFone 3 is an extremely well-designed phone at a low price that’s hampered largely by its intrusive and bloated operating system. If you’re a stock Android-lover, you’ll hate it. But if you’re new to the Android platform or you just like the interface, it might not be such a bad choice. And for less than $400 (depending on which color you get), the build quality is really unmatched. Our verdict of the Asus ZenFone 3: If you can put up with the look and feel of ZenUI, this is phone is an amazing value. However, if you’re really committed to having the newest version of Android and just can’t stand ZenUI, you should hold off.810 Previous PostHow to Find a Lost Android Phone Using Google Search 7 comments Write a Comment Camila Beth Cazenas November 20, 2016 at 8:02 am I wish I could win. My brother has this kind of phone, but that it's the black one. This is pretty gorgeous. It's also really cool. ????? Reply Tomasi Iopu November 20, 2016 at 7:43 am I would love to own one of these, it's unique in its own style and it would be interesting to compare it to my friends who have some of the latest mobile phones. Reply Jeena Bittenbender November 19, 2016 at 1:46 pm My son bought one and he loves it. The camera takes amazing pics. Reply Mayank jain November 19, 2016 at 4:15 am Superb device wow camera amezing Reply Marcel Jeannin II November 19, 2016 at 3:03 am nice review! Im looking for a new phone this would be great,thanks! Reply Anudeep November 18, 2016 at 10:20 pm Consider me Reply Aliff Suhaimi November 18, 2016 at 7:25 pm I really hope I could get this new Asus Zenfone 3. I have used both its predecessors (Asus Zenfone 5 and Asus Zenfone 2 Deluxe) and I'm loving it. I don't mind the ZenUI because in my opinion, that makes the Asus line-up stands out from the rest of the smartphones (though I do hate bloatwares). I hope you will consider my entries. By the way, good review. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Riley J. Dennis 260 articles Riley is a vlogger, tech nerd, author, and editor. Find her on Twitter: @RileyJayDennis Advertisement Latest Giveaways PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Advertisement Trending PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Android Product Reviews Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Product Reviews Lego Mindstorms EV3 Review and Giveaway Christian Cawley November 8, 2016 08-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Apple Will Fix Your iPhone’s Touch Disease… for $150 iPhone and iPad Tech News Apple Will Fix Your iPhone’s Touch Disease… for $150 Dave Parrack November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 2 minutes Apple Will Fix Your iPhone’s Touch Disease… for $150 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Apple has finally admitted that Touch Disease is a real problem. Which is progress. However, it’s not accepting the blame for this fault that’s out there right now killing iPhones. What’s more, it’s charging customers to repair the problem. Which is the opposite of progress. In August of this year, a rather serious flaw with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus reared its ugly head. Labeled Touch Disease The Touch Disease Killing iPhones, Google Punishes Pesky Pop-Ups... [Tech News Digest] The Touch Disease Killing iPhones, Google Punishes Pesky Pop-Ups... [Tech News Digest] Apple has a serious iPhone problem, Google hates interstitials like the rest of us, Woz likes his headphone jack, Adult Swim brings ToeJam & Earl back, and what happens when the Pokemon fight back? Read More , this flaw turns your iPhone into a rather expensive brick. What starts out as a flickering gray bar at the top of your touchscreen eventually renders your phone unusable. The clever bods over at iFixit quickly identified the problem, and others have since confirmed the ultimate cause of Touch Disease. It’s claimed it all leads back to the integrated circuit chips which power and control the touchscreen, and the way they’re soldered to the logic board. If this is true, then Touch Disease is caused by a design flaw. Apple changed something, and it may have directly led to iPhones stopping working. Perhaps Jony Ive should have spent less time putting together Apple’s $300 coffee table book Apple Releases a $300 Coffee Table Book for Posers Apple Releases a $300 Coffee Table Book for Posers Apple has released a coffee table book full of glossy photographs of its own products. Yes, Apple has finally disappeared up its own beautifully designed backside. Read More and more time designing the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Apple Will Fix Touch Disease… For a Price Apple has stayed silent on this issue for months. If a customer complained that their iPhone had stopped working they were advised to simply buy a new iPhone. So people turned to third-party iPhone repairers instead, who were able to fix Touch Disease without too much hassle. Now, however, Apple has launched its “Multi-Touch Repair Program for iPhone 6 Plus”. Which sees Apple offering to fix your iPhone for just $149. Unfortunately this only applies to iPhone 6 Plus owners, with Apple still refusing to even admit the iPhone 6 is adversely affected. So why is Apple charging you to fix a problem it caused in the first place? Because Apple is refusing to take the blame, claiming that iPhones are suffering catastrophic failure “after being dropped multiple times on a hard surface and then incurring further stress on the device”. In other words it’s all your fault. So pay up or else. Samsung took a lot of flak for the Galaxy Note 7’s exploding batteries Dump Your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 for Something Less Dangerous Dump Your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 for Something Less Dangerous All four major US carriers are now letting their customers dump the Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Customers can exchange their device for a less dangerous alternative. Read More . But at least it (eventually) admitted the problem and issued a global recall of all handsets Samsung Kills the Galaxy Note 7, Because Boom! Samsung Kills the Galaxy Note 7, Because Boom! If you're currently in possession of a Galaxy Note 7, then you may soon be holding a very rare item in your hands. This is because Samsung could be planning to kill it off entirely. Read More . Apple won’t even admit it might be at fault here, let alone offer to fix the problem for free. Do you own an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus? Have you had to deal with Touch Disease? If so, do you remember dropping your iPhone immediately prior to the problem occurring? What do you think of Apple’s attitude to this whole thing? Please let us know in the comments section below! Image Credit: Judit Klein via Flickr Previous PostFirefox Focus Blocks Ads and Trackers By DefaultNext Post10 Terrific Thanksgiving Apps for iPhone 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave Parrack 1566 articles Dave Parrack is the Tech News and Entertainment editor at MakeUseOf. He hails from the UK, where he enjoys eating, drinking, and sleeping. Kinda like a cat. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Buying Guides Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Dave LeClair November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 6 minutes Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email We’ve officially entered the season of gift-giving. Out of all your family members and friends, gifts for grandma can be the toughest. Sure, you could get her a sweater or pair of slippers, and she’d appreciate the kind gift, but that’s no fun. Instead, you should get her something a bit more techie. I’m not talking about the most advanced gadgets, either. We’re going to look mostly at devices that will add convenience and safety to lives of the elderly. And these gifts can be just as useful for Grandpa, too! Personal Assistants Amazon Echo - Black Amazon Echo - Black Plays all your music from Amazon Music, Spotify, Pandora, iHeartRadio, TuneIn, and more using just your voice Buy Now At Amazon $179.99 No, I’m not telling you to go out and hire someone to answer your grandparents every whim, I’m talking about a digital assistant. And when it comes to such devices, there’s really only one name that’s repeated: Alexa. Well, there’s Siri and Google, but those work through a phone (which we’ll get to in a bit), but the Amazon Echo serves as a standalone device that’ll fill Grandma in on whatever she wants to know. If you want to know more about the Echo specifically, we have plenty of articles on the subject: Test Drive Echo in Your Browser How to Test Drive the Amazon Echo in a Browser How to Test Drive the Amazon Echo in a Browser Want to buy an Amazon Echo but not sure if it's worth the money? Now you can test drive Alexa's skills online. Read More Creative Uses for Amazon Echo and Alexa 7 Creative Uses for Amazon Echo and Alexa 7 Creative Uses for Amazon Echo and Alexa You’ve seen the ads starring Alec Baldwin, but you're still not sure what Amazon Echo does or whether you need one in your home. We’re about to find out. Read More Amazon Echo Review Amazon Echo Review and Giveaway Amazon Echo Review and Giveaway Amazon’s Echo offers a unique integration between voice recognition, personal assistant, home automation controls, and audio playback features for $179.99. Does the Echo break into new ground or can you do better elsewhere? Read More Aside from the Echo, the major player is Google Home. It’s newer than the Echo, and hasn’t been put through its paces quite as much — but it does promise many of the same features. Most important among these, it can answer questions, keep track of tasks, and play music with voice commands. Cell Phone Getting a phone for your Grandma is something that can be both fun and lifesaving. Now, it’s going to be up to your discretion to figure out what kind of phone is right for your grandparent. You need to feel them out for how averse to tech they are (if at all). My grandma, for example, was happy to get a cell phone when they started rising in popularity, but when smartphones became affordable, they were just too much for her. Heck, my dad is only 55 and he still uses an extremely basic flip phone that can barely do text messaging. Your mileage will vary here. Flip Phones When it comes to basic flip phones, your options are fairly limited. Most of the profit for device manufacturers and carriers comes from smartphones. However, there are some choices, still. The Samsung a157 with AT&T’s Go Phone prepaid service is available for around $50, and it comes with a solid 4-star rating. There’s also the more poorly-reviewed (and more expensive), Jitterbug Flip Easy-to-Use Cell Phone for Seniors. Consumer Cellular specializes in prepaid plans for older individuals, and it offers a couple models in the $30–$40 price range. Jitterbug Flip Easy-to-Use Cell Phone for Seniors - Red by GreatCall Jitterbug Flip Easy-to-Use Cell Phone for Seniors - Red by GreatCall Bigger screen and larger buttons. Large, legible numbers and backlit keypad make dialing effortless. Buy Now At Amazon $68.50 Smartphones Regarding smartphones, you probably already have a good idea of what you like. I recommend going with something similar to what you use, just to make it easier to help your grandparents figure it out. If you own an iPhone and you buy them a Samsung device, you might have a hard time answering their questions about an OS you don’t use. If you want to keep things affordable, BLU Products offers several models on Amazon in the $50 range, such as the BLU Advance 5.0, the BLU Studio X8 HD, among others. Note: BLU Products recently eliminated a major security flaw in its phones. Again, it’s hard to really recommend a specific model, as that’s a bit beyond the scope of this article, but you should check out some of our more general smartphone buying guides for further guidance: Which iPhone Is the Best for You? Which iPhone Is the Best for You? Which iPhone Is the Best for You? Apple currently sells five different models of smartphone. If you've decided you want to buy an iPhone, you might be wondering which one you should go for. Read More Which Smartphones Have the Best Battery Life in 2016? Which Smartphones Have the Best Battery Life in 2016? Which Smartphones Have the Best Battery Life in 2016? Mobile phone users today demand battery life over all other concerns. Short battery life is the only real limitation of the modern smartphone. So which smartphones offer the best battery life? Read More What’s the Best Phone for Dad? What's the Best Phone for Dad? What's the Best Phone for Dad? Father's Day is coming on June 19. Think about getting your father a brand-new smartphone! The only problem: what's the best smartphone for dad? Well, that's what we're here for. Read More One Touch Emergency Calling Device If do the research, and you can’t find a smartphone for your grandma, here’s an alternative: an emergency calling device. These only require a single touch, so even the least tech-savvy grandparents will be able to use them. While it’s not necessarily the most fun gift in the world, there really isn’t any gift more fun than saving your grandparent’s life. LogicMark Freedom Alert Emergency System LogicMark Freedom Alert Emergency System 600 Foot Range (2 football fields) * Talk Through The Pendant Two-Way Voice Buy Now At Amazon Too low to display Amazon offers a well-reviewed model called LogicMark Freedom Alert Emergency System [CA]. It goes for around $170, but the kicker is that it doesn’t require monthly fees. It has a 600-foot range from the base, and support for five different phone numbers. It seems like a solid device, with a 4.3-star rating and an “A” rating from FakeSpot, meaning it has over 90% high-quality reviews. There are plenty of other services that offer similar features, but most of them charge a subscription. Digital Photo Frame What better gift is there for grandma than photos of the family? With a digital photo frame, you can load tons of photos and change them over time as new stuff happens. Baby born? Give grandma some new photos! New dog? Add those too! Amazing vacation? Yup, put them in there. NIX Advance - 8 inch Hi-Res Digital Photo Frame with Motion Sensor (X08E) NIX Advance - 8 inch Hi-Res Digital Photo Frame with Motion Sensor (X08E) Photo & 720p HD Video Playback: Mix photos (JPEG) and video (MPEG-4) in the same Slideshow. Buy Now At Amazon $65.00 As for models, there are quite a few. The best-selling one on Amazon is the NIX Advance – 8 inch Hi-Res Digital Photo Frame with Motion Sensor [CA/UK] for $59.99. If you want a bigger one, there’s also a 12-inch version (UK). Another well-reviewed one is the Pix-Star 10.4 Inch Wi-Fi Cloud Digital Photo Frame (UK) for $149.99. Pix-Star 10.4 Inch Wi-Fi Cloud Digital Photo Frame FotoConnect XD with Email, Online Providers, iPhone & Android app, DLNA and Motion Sensor (Black) Pix-Star 10.4 Inch Wi-Fi Cloud Digital Photo Frame FotoConnect XD with Email, Online Providers, iPhone & Android app, DLNA and Motion Sensor (Black) 10.4 in. (26.4 cm), 4:3 ratio, high-quality display with low consumption LED backlight. Manage the Frame from the Web and create a multi-frame account to remotely control up to 25 frames from 1 single web account, TOTALLY FREE. Buy Now At Amazon $149.99 Whichever model you choose, you can be sure of one thing: It will keep changing and evolving over time. You might even say it’s the gift that keeps on giving. You might say that, but I probably wouldn’t. Tile Tracker As a 30 years old, I certainly don’t fit into the category of a grandparent, but I’d like to tell you a quick story anyway: about a year ago, I lost my car keys and didn’t have a backup key. I spent hours searching every nook and cranny of my house, without success. The next day (after missing lunch with my mother and an ice hockey game in the evening), I found them buried in my sofa, in some crevice known only to God. Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder - 1-pack Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder - 1-pack The world's best-selling Bluetooth tracker just got 25% smaller. Tile Mate easily loops onto keychains or attaches to anything you don't want to lose so you can find it fast. Buy Now At Amazon $21.94 The point is: I went straight to Amazon and bought a Tile Tracker. I’ve lost my keys at least 5 times since then, and I’ve found them in seconds every time. Amazon has the latest model, called Tile Mate, for $25 (£23). It’s the perfect gift for the elderly (or anyone who loses stuff, like the relatively young author of this very article). Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder - 4-pack- Save 30% Tile Mate - Key Finder. Phone Finder. Anything Finder - 4-pack- Save 30% The world's best-selling Bluetooth tracker just got 25% smaller. Tile Mate easily loops onto keychains or attaches to anything you don't want to lose so you can find it fast. Buy Now At Amazon $65.00 This device requires a Bluetooth device to work. So if you’re in the situation where your grandparents are reluctant to get a smartphone, you’ll either have to pass on this one or use it as a selling point to convince them a smartphone will change their lives for the better! Kindle If you’re reading MakeUseOf, I probably don’t need to explain what a Kindle is. With the Kindle specifically, there are a few models to choose from. On top of the Kindle, there are a slew of other e-readers out there. All-New Kindle E-reader - Black, 6" Glare-Free Touchscreen Display, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers All-New Kindle E-reader - Black, 6" Glare-Free Touchscreen Display, Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers All-new design is thinner and lighter, and now available in your choice of black or white Buy Now At Amazon $49.99 Starting with Amazon’s devices, there’s the All-new Kindle, which is Amazon’s fancy name for the base model. This comes with a starting price of $79.99 (£57). From there, it jumps to the Kindle Paperwhite at $119.99 (£105), the Voyager for $199.99 (£170), and the Oasis at $289.99 (£270). Also, Amazon will often offer discounted refurbished models, which could be a good way to go a model higher for a bit cheaper. Kindle Oasis E-reader with Leather Charging Cover - Black, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi), Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers Kindle Oasis E-reader with Leather Charging Cover - Black, 6" High-Resolution Display (300 ppi), Wi-Fi - Includes Special Offers Our thinnest and lightest Kindle ever--read even more comfortably for hours Buy Now At Amazon $289.99 Outside of the Kindle itself, there’s also the NOOK line from Barnes and Noble, and the Kobo line to consider. While both lines remain solid reading devices, it’s hard to beat the Kindle and the range of models it offers. Make Your Grandma Happy! Now, when you get your grandma the best holiday present ever this year, make sure to let her know that Dave from MakeUseOf gave you the genius ideas! Okay, just kidding, you can take all the credit on this one! Are you going to get your grandma one of the gifts outlined above, or do you have a better idea? Share in the comments! Image Credits: Ruslan Guzov/Shutterstock Previous PostBlack Friday & Cyber Monday: A Gamer’s Complete Guide 1 comment Write a Comment infmom November 19, 2016 at 7:45 pm I'm a 65 yr old grandma. That must be too young for your gift list. :) (I build my own computers) Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dave LeClair 2502 articles Dave LeClair (Twitter) loves games on console, PC, mobile, handheld, and any electronic device that is capable of playing them! Check out his podcast on Twitch. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Trending PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Technology Explained Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Derek Walsh November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Windows How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Joe Keeley November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Gaming PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Harry Guinness November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Technology Explained Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Derek Walsh November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 5 minutes Why the Heck Were Samsung’s Batteries Exploding Anyway? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email The Samsung Galaxy Note 7 became infamous shortly after its launch in August this year when reports emerged of phones overheating, setting on fire, and even exploding. Even though there were only 35 incidents out of more than a million phones sold, Samsung issued a full recall-and-replace order Samsung Recalls the Galaxy Note 7, Google Kills Project Ara... [Tech News Digest] Samsung Recalls the Galaxy Note 7, Google Kills Project Ara... [Tech News Digest] Samsung recalls the Galaxy Note 7 over faulty batteries, Google shelves Project Ara, Apple is removing dysfunctional apps from iTunes, Instagram adds pinch-to-zoom, and why YouTubers are freaking out right now. Read More … until the replacements started exploding, too. Samsung has since issued a full recall on all remaining Galaxy Note 7 devices and even suspended production Samsung Kills the Galaxy Note 7, Because Boom! Samsung Kills the Galaxy Note 7, Because Boom! If you're currently in possession of a Galaxy Note 7, then you may soon be holding a very rare item in your hands. This is because Samsung could be planning to kill it off entirely. Read More . Image Credit: Photomans via Shutterstock But the Galaxy Note 7 is not the first device to be recalled for this reason, and it probably won’t be the last. In 2011, Apple recalled a batch Apple is Offering Free Replacement For 1st Generation iPod Nano [News] Apple is Offering Free Replacement For 1st Generation iPod Nano [News] As rare as it is for Apple to publicly admit a malfunction, this one is too big to overlook. According to Apple, the batteries of some first generation iPod nanos may overheat and become a... Read More of its first-generation iPod Nano devices. In 2007, Nokia recalled 46 million phone batteries, and there have been more than forty other such recalls since 2002. In this article, we’ll explore just what the heck is going on and whether or not you need to worry about this with your own smartphone. Why Do We Use Batteries That Explode? All of our portable electronic devices (i.e. phones, tablets, laptops) use Lithium-ion batteries. Pound for pound, Lithium-ion batteries provide far more energy than other types of batteries — around twice as much as Nickel Metal Hydride (NiMH) batteries and around six-times as much as the lead-acid batteries used in cars. This is important in an industry where weight (or lack thereof) is a huge selling point. We all want our phones to be as light as possible yet still last at least a full day without recharging — and at the moment, Lithium-ion is the best technology we have that lets us do that. Image Credit: Coprid via Shutterstock But Lithium-ion batteries have a few disadvantages, too. They have a short shelf life, only lasting about 2–3 years from the date of manufacture, and that’s regardless of whether they’re actively used or not. If they fully discharge, they’ll never work again. And occasionally they explode. To understand why this happens, it’s necessary to know a little about how Lithium-ion batteries work internally. Like all modern batteries How a Battery Works and 3 Ways You Can Ruin It How a Battery Works and 3 Ways You Can Ruin It The modern battery is featured in so many of our favourite technologies that you could almost be forgiven for not spending time learning about their workings. Read More , they store and release energy through controlled chemical reactions. A current flows between two electrodes (an anode and a cathode) through chemicals called electrolytes. Lithium is highly reactive, which is what gives these batteries such a high energy density — but it also means that if something goes wrong, the results can be catastrophic. So, What Can Go Wrong? There are a few things that can go wrong with a Lithium-ion battery and they all involve overheating. If one part of the battery gets too hot, then it can lead to a chain reaction known as “thermal runaway” — the whole battery gets hotter and hotter until it ignites or explodes. Because of this, Lithium-ion batteries have an on-board computer to ensure they don’t overheat. If this fails then overheating can occur, especially on a hot day or when the device is being heavily used. Overcharging can also lead to overheating, but again, the battery’s internal computer should prevent this. Unfortunately it may fail to do so, whether due to a manufacturing error or because the computer itself has sustained damage. Image Credit: wk1003mike via Shutterstock The anode and cathode also need to be kept separate or the battery will short circuit, redirecting energy to the electrolytes. In a Lithium-ion battery the electrolytes are highly flammable, and fire or explosion is all but inevitable if this occurs. Why would the electrodes ever touch? Again, maybe because the battery sustained physical damage or because of a manufacturing error (e.g. a defect in the material that separates the electrodes, the introduction of a foreign conducting material, etc). Misusing or abusing the battery can also cause an explosion. Piercing the battery with a sharp object can cause a short circuit, while connecting it to an incorrect charger can cause it to overcharge or charge too quickly, which can lead to a build up of lithium on the electrodes, a short circuit, and ultimately an explosion. What Went Wrong for Samsung? It’s not yet clear exactly what the issue was with the Galaxy Note 7. The company has blamed “a very rare manufacturing process error” which caused the anode and cathode to come into contact. Further investigations are underway. Samsung has stated that none of its other products are affected by this issue, and there have not been a significant number of incidents involving their other products. Remarkably, some people have decided that the Galaxy Note 7 is such a good phone, they’re going to hold onto theirs Some Idiots Are Keeping Their Exploding Samsung Phones Some Idiots Are Keeping Their Exploding Samsung Phones In case you missed the news, the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 is dead. And yet some Galaxy Note 7 owners are refusing to give up on their favorite smartphone. Idiots. Read More  despite the risk. This is, to say the least, a rather reckless approach, and while the risk is small, it’s unnecessary to take it. There are plenty of good alternatives 5 Non-Exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Alternatives 5 Non-Exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7 Alternatives Looking to avoid a fireball in your home? You may need some Samsung Galaxy Note 7 alternatives. We've rounded up five of the best Note 7 alternatives which range in cost from $360 to $610. Read More on the market, including some of Samsung’s other products. Should You Be Worried? Although the consequences of an exploding battery can be catastrophic, it’s an extremely rare event.  You’re more likely to be struck by lightning  — which would probably also cause your phone to explode! But there are some steps you can take to reduce the odds even further: Only use the original battery, or one from the manufacturer, or a reputable brand. Don’t leave your device in hot areas, particularly while charging. Keep it out of direct sunlight, and make sure it can dissipate heat effectively. Have a protective case for your phone to avoid puncture damage if you drop it. But take the case off if the phone gets too hot. The phone will almost certainly shut down before the battery gets hot enough to ignite, but the heat can still shorten the life of the battery. Do not use a cracked or swollen battery. Remove it from any device and do not attempt to charge it. Dispose of old or damaged batteries responsibly. Take them to a recycling center, or to a electronics retailer who will be able to dispose of them properly. Until there’s a breakthrough in battery technology Battery Technologies That Are Going to Change the World Battery Technologies That Are Going to Change the World Battery tech has been growing more slowly than other technologies, and is now the long tent pole in a staggering number of industries. What will the future of battery technology be? Read More , we’ll be using Lithium-ion batteries on a daily basis. And the vast majority of us will never encounter a problem more serious than running out of power. If the Samsung debacle has you concerned, take care and know that you have pretty much nothing to worry about. Did you buy a Galaxy Note 7? If so, are you one of the mavericks who’s keeping theirs? Have you ever encountered a battery explosion? Let us know in the comments section below. Previous PostWhat Is a Quantum Dot Monitor? 3 Reasons to Get Excited 2 comments Write a Comment Ronald DeRemer November 20, 2016 at 12:15 am I think the life is more than 2-3 years. Many EV's using LiIon batteries are lasting much longer. Reply Alex November 19, 2016 at 5:36 am I had a Note 7 for just 11 days untill the first recall was issued, I had the hope than the problem will be solved but, I better came back to the Note 5 with has no issues (instead of the S7 replacement, is not the same as a Note). And yes, I'll buy the Note 8, but a couple of months after release to avoid any other recall. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Derek Walsh 11 articles Derek is a business and technology writer based in Dublin, Ireland. Find him on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram. Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Trending PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway Gaming Product Reviews PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Windows How to Fix the Windows Store and Its Apps in Windows 10 Joe Keeley November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Buying Guides Technology for the Elderly? The Best Tech Gifts for Grandma in 2016 Dave LeClair November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Gaming PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Harry Guinness November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
e-PaperTablet/Mobile PaperSubscribe Search this site Search Archives      Advertise   My Account Logout Home News Obituaries Sports Business Entertainment Opinion Features Blogs Land Cars Jobs Classifieds General Info About Us Contact Us Subscriber Help Newsroom Info Advertising Classifieds Weather Local News Southern Vt. Vermont News Nation/World News Staff Photos Archives Obituaries Local florists How to write an Obituary Charitable Giving Editorials Letters Commentary Perspective Submit a Letter Local Sports Pro/National High School Vermont Sports Thunder Road Sports Photos Business Vermont Central Vermont Business Nation/World VT Business Finder Calendar Crossword Sudoku A&E/InVite TV Listings Submit an Event Vermont Sunday Magazine Central Vermont Reader Business Vermont Vermont Press Bureau Vermont Today For Rent For Sale Commercial Property Land Place an Ad Search Cars & Trucks Place an Ad Search Jobs Place A Job Ad Garage Sales Services Stuff For Sale Pets Place an Ad Business | World/National Business Gift Guide: Choosing a streaming device without overpaying By  | November 19,2016 Tweet  Email Article     Print Article   ap file photo The Roku Premiere streaming device, shown here, is part of a trend toward cheaper TV options. NEW YORK  Your streaming TV options have gotten better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV  as long as its a regular, high-definition set. Of course, its possible to simply watch video on a phone or tablet, but its not as satisfying from a living-room couch. Heres a holiday buying guide for the TV-streamers in your life. Streaming built-in Smart TVs, game consoles and the TiVo digital video recorder all have streaming apps, and if all you watch is Netflix and Hulu, youll be fine with those. But apps for individual channels such as The CW and FX wont work with every device. The exceptions are TVs running Roku software or that have Googles Chromecast technology built in; they tend to have wider app selections. Getting around Devices vary in how easy it is to access apps and video. While many devices are getting voice features that let you search multiple services at once, youll still need to navigate on-screen menus with a remote. The exception is Chromecast, which has no menu or remote at all. Instead, you start video on an iPhone or Android phone and send it to the big screen with a tap of a cast button. With some video services, the phone is freed up for other things, though youll need to use the phone as a remote for pausing and rewinding. Devices running Googles Android TV come with Chromecast features and pack their menus with video from Googles YouTube service. Amazons Fire TV device has traditionally favored Amazon video over others, though thats changing as Netflix, HBO and other leading services get prominence on the home screen. Roku is the most service-agnostic of the bunch. Apple TV ships with Apple services, but its easy to replace those with your favorites. App selection Roku has one of the most complete app libraries, though Apples iTunes service is notably missing. Youll need an Apple TV to access iTunes. Apple TV also has a good app selection, though out of 25 leading services The Associated Press checked, its missing direct access to Amazon, Google Play, Vudu and PlayStation Vue. You can get the first three indirectly with a Chromecast-like feature called AirPlay if you have a companion iPhone or other Apple device. Amazons Fire TV device is missing iTunes, Google Play, Vudu, ABC, Freeform and the NFL (though some games are shown through Twitters app). The selection on Android TV is also limited, but you can supplement that with apps for Chromecast. With an Android phone, you can get all but iTunes, though getting Amazon video is tough, as it requires getting Amazons Underground app store first. With an iPhone, youre missing iTunes, Amazon and USA Network, even with AirPlay. If you just have a Chromecast device with an iPhone, youre also missing Freeform (formerly ABC Family) and CNN. Youll still need individual subscriptions to these services. The streaming device merely enables playback on the big screen. Entry-level devices Amazons Fire TV Stick stands out as a speedy, capable device for $40. It now comes with a voice remote for searches and Alexa assistant queries on weather, sports scores and other information. The Roku Express is cheaper at $30, though theres no voice remote, and the interface is slower (which doesnt matter as much once you sit back and watch the video). Its a great choice considering its wider app selection, notwithstanding the lack of iTunes. Googles entry-level Chromecast costs $35  affordable, though the gadget is clunky without its own remote. Its slightly better with Android than iPhones. Mid-range devices Xiaomis Mi Box is a speedy Android TV device with a nice price tag, $69. It supports higher-resolution video known as 4K, an option that once required more expensive devices. But you need a 4K TV and services that offer 4K video  so far, Netflix and YouTube do so for just some of their offerings. Mi Box also supports HDR picture quality. HDR, or high dynamic range, promises brighter whites, darker blacks and a richer range of colors  but you need an HDR TV and HDR video. Googles new Chromecast Ultra also has 4K and HDR support for $69. Because Mi Box also does Chromecast, you get more overall for the same price. Mi Box also has a voice remote. The Roku Premiere also offers 4K for $80, but its remote lacks voice support. Amazons regular Fire TV has 4K and a voice remote for $90. Neither has HDR. For now, HDR sets are rarer than 4K, and even 4K sets arent that common. Why pay more? The $100 Roku Premiere Plus and the $130 Roku Ultra offer both 4K and HDR. The remote for both also has a headphone jack for listening when everyone else is asleep. The Ultra also has a voice remote, something many cheaper devices offer. That remote also has gaming buttons and emits a sound when you lose it in a couch. For hard-core gamers, consider the $200 Nvidia Shield TV, an Android TV with both 4K and HDR support, plus faster processors for games with intensive graphics. Another premium choice is Apple TV, which starts at $149. You dont get 4K or HDR, which wont matter for regular sets. Instead, you get plenty of apps that do more than play video. You can browse Ikeas catalog, order food from Grubhub and get the AccuWeather forecasts. For video, an upcoming app simply called TV promises to bring together all your viewing from various channels and services. An iPhone isnt required, but helps. Sorry, no Android. And for iTunes, Apple TV is the only choice. Tweet  Email Article     Print Article MORE IN National / World Business House chairman: Trump favors privatizing air traffic control WASHINGTON  A House committee chairman says President-elect Donald Trump likes the idea of... Full Story AP FACT CHECK: Trump auto industry statements are misleading DETROIT  President-elect Donald Trump has a long list of deceptive statements about Ford Motor Co. Full Story At UMass and beyond, hip-hop draws growing academic interest BOSTON  The forgotten music of Bostons early hip-hop and rap scene is being revived by two... Full Story More Articles     Tweets from https://twitter.com/TimesArgus/lists/times-argus-news-list Most Popular Most Emailed Man wanted for two armed robberies caught Neighborhood watch meeting on tap in Plainfield Middlebury Turkey Trot on new course Sunday Jakarta rally calls for tolerance after blasphemy probe (No heading) Hollis E. Ricker Jr. Public push to address opioid crisis Students play nursemaid to kittens Bonnie S. Boutin Caroline D. Gillespie MEDIA GALLERY  VIDEOS PHOTOS More Photos   Submit a Photo   Purchase a Photo         News Weather Central Vermont US/World News Vermont Today Vermont Wire Vermont Press Bureau Entertainment Calendar of Events A&E/Invite Sunday Magazine Local TV Listings Crossword Sudoku Sports Pro/National Local Sports High School Thunder Road Vermont Mountaineers Sports Photos Business/Politics Business Directory World/National Business Vermont Town Meeting Day Elections Opinion Editorials Letters Commentary Perspective Submit a Letter Publications Times Argus Rutland Herald Central Vermont Reader Rutland Reader General Information Subscriber Help Subscribe Dealer Portal Missed Delivery Vacation Hold Address Change Contact Us Online Services Submit an Event Submit A Letter Business Directory Email Newsletter Purchase Photo RSS Feeds Advertisers Advertising Information JobsInVermont.com Vermont Classifieds Social Media The Times Argus  f  t Rutland Herald  f  t Herald Nightlife  f Rutland Reader  f  t Business Vermont  f  t Vermont Today  f  t Vt Press Bureau  f  t Search this site Subscriber Services      Advertise Copyright © The Times Argus. All rights reserved. Home | About | Privacy | Sitemap | Contact | 800-498-4296
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# demonetization War on Black Money Donald Trump Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Sci/Tech South Korea blocks Google export of map data Shares5 Sat, 19 Nov 2016-06:14pm , Seoul , PTI South Korea rejected Google's request to export government-supplied data for its global mapping service, arguing it would make the country more vulnerable to attack by North Korea. "There are concerns that Google's request to export map data could escalate security threats amid confrontation between South and North Korea," the land ministry said in a statement. South Korea's strict National Security Law prevents Google from exporting government-supplied maps on the grounds that it could expose the location of sensitive military installations. Because the 1950-53 Korean conflict ended with a ceasefire rather than a peace treaty, the two Koreas remain technically at war. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., operates its mapping services by exporting map data from each country to its headquarters in California and 14 data centres situated around the world including the US and Singapore. It was forced to use a third-party server when it first rolled out Google Maps in the South in 2008, offering a limited, bare-bones version of its services. Google argues that the South Korean law is outdated and unfairly restricts the company from providing a full range of mapping services, such as driving directions, public transit information and satellite maps. The US tech giant backed up its complaint by claiming it could offer a wider range of services for isolated North Korea -- including driving directions from the capital Pyongyang to the country's main Yongbyon nuclear complex, and locations of the North's notorious labour camps. Seoul officials had proposed that Google blur out security information like power plants, military installations, government buildings and the presidential office on its mapping service. In its statement on Friday, the government said Google had "turned down" the offer. South Korea is among a handful of countries -- along with China and Russia -- where Google is not the number one ranked search engine. The homegrown Naver search engine -- which only uses government-supplied maps that camouflage sensitive installations -- is the domestic leader in search and mapping services. TOP TOP < Bigg Boss 10: Salman Khan joins Mouni Roy for the Naagin dance   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Russian spaceship delivers three astronauts to space station Sci/Tech NASA launches next generation weather satellite Sci/Tech New NASA report says sea ice has hit record low at poles Sci/Tech Mark Zuckerberg discloses steps to fight fake news on Facebook Sci/Tech South Korea blocks Google export of map data Sci/Tech Supersonic jet prototype could transform air travel Next Article > UP Elections 2017: Voting for SP means helping BJP win, warns Mayawati < Previous ArticleNext Article > Bigg Boss 10: Salman Khan joins Mouni Roy for the Naagin dance Next node UP Elections 2017: Voting for SP means helping BJP win, warns Mayawati Related Apple considering expansion into wearable glass headsets Twitter to conclude sale deliberations this month say sources Google makes progress on self-driving cars, hits 2 million mile mark Video Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! Watch | 'There will be Kashmir but not Pakistan': Indian soldier's poem goes viral View all Tags Alphabet Inc Google Maps Google export map data Google export cyber-securty search engine Google search engine Google Map data Web Exclusive Trending news SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News ULFA(I) claims responsibility for attack on Army convoy Demonetization: Kerala govt to accept old notes for payment of state taxes Demonetization: Congress wants debate in Parliament under Rule 56 Pakistani plane diverted after aircraft's toilet gets jacked! Make Queen pay for palace renovation, say UK public Sport ISL 2016: Misfiring Chennaiyin settle for a point at home against Atletico de Kolkata India v/s England stats: Captain Alastair Cook hits his slowest half-century in Tests Australia v/s South Africa: Beleaguered hosts wield the axe for third Proteas Test Irfan Pathan led Baroda in sight as Bengal brace themselves for 400th First Class game Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister's wedding Entertainment Confirmed! Sanjay Dutt to make his comeback with Omung Kumar's 'Bhoomi' Here's all that happened when Salman Khan met Rajinikanth at '2.0' first look launch Confirmed! Jacqueline Fernandez and Taapsee Pannu opposite Varun Dhawan in 'Judwaa 2' '2.0' First Look Launch: Rajinikanth wants to do a film with Salman Khan! BREAKING: Salman Khan drops in to wish Rajinikanth and Akshay Kumar for 'Robot 2.0' Money Patanjali group plans to scale up, acquire more land for Nagpur project Putting a friend's black money in your account? You could get seven years in jail! Demonetization: Delhi govt urges RBI, SBI to exempt its staff from standing in queues Centre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks to comply with Sharia law Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Trending: Video: Our holiday gift guide 2016 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 7 reasons cloud migrations fail (free online course) What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Consumerization of IT Personal Technology Opinion How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But now you can, too. By Mike Elgan | Follow Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | Nov 19, 2016 4:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Four years ago I took this photo in Turkey and forgot about it. This week, I told the Google Assistant: "Show me my photo of a bride playing a pink guitar," and Google's artificial intelligence showed me the right picture. Welcome to the future of lifelogging. Credit: Mike Elgan More like this Photographic memory made easy Lifelogging gets real Lifelogging is dead (for now) Video Computerworld Holiday Gift Guide 2016: Wonderful Wearables Lifelogging is dying, right? Gordon Bell, who served as leader of the lifelogging movement since the 1990s, told me earlier this year that he had given it up. A couple of weeks after I dropped the news about Bell, the former editor-in-chief of Wired, Chris Anderson, tweeted that he had quit lifelogging as well. What is lifelogging? Definitions vary. But generally, lifelogging is the automated collection of personal documents, data (including biometric data), photos and videos that can be used later for total recall or preserved for posterity. Some lifeloggers (including Bell) use cameras, either clipped on clothing or worn around the neck on a lanyard, which take photos constantly. In recent years, consumer lifelogging cameras have emerged. But the public is rejecting them. One promising early consumer lifelogging camera, the Autographer from OMG Life, launched in 2012, then died off two years ago. In 2012, a company called Narrative launched a tiny lifelogging camera called the Narrative Clip (initially called the Memoto camera). The company announced in late September that it would shut down. (A few days later, it emerged that a group of former Narrative employees were trying to save the camera and the cloud service where pictures were stored. ) The Autographer and Narrative Clip have imitators, including the iON Snapcam, 61N, YoCam, Compass, MeCam Neo, Blincam, KeyMission 80, WearCam and the Perfect Memory camera. These cameras are failing. Lifelogging cameras are awkwardly intrusive, inconvenient and tend to take lousy pictures compared to a smartphone. Most of the pictures taken by automatic cameras show boring or blurry scenes, or pictures of people that are unflattering. Meanwhile, it's clear that glasses are a better place for lifelogging cameras. Snap Spectacles are getting a lot of attention in the press, in part because the press is being played by a series of publicity stunts and contrived scarcity. These include temporary, randomly placed Spectacles vending machines and a re-shoot of the famous Robert-Scoble-in-the-shower photo, this time with Spectacles. (Snap is the new name for the company formerly known as Snapchat.) To the best of my knowledge, none of the few Spectacles users deliberately does lifelogging, and Snap isn't promoting them as lifelogging cameras. Still, Snap's splashy marketing will help normalize camera glasses. Why would anyone want to lifelog? That question is becoming increasingly irrelevant. You're already lifelogging. We all are. Does anybody believe personal data isn't being collected? Lifelogging has two parts: 1. Collect all your data 2. Instantly recall specific memories from that data on command Is there any question that all our data is being collected? The collective data harvested and stored by Google, Facebook, Amazon and other companies retain everything you do, everywhere you go, everyone you know and everything you buy. Let's start with what Google collects. Google Photos auto-collects every photo I place on my laptop (such as all the pictures from my DSLR camera) and every photo I take with my iPhone and iPad. Each of these photos is tagged with location, time and date. Google then applies artificial intelligence to them to recognize individual people and specific animals and objects. For example, I can search for "pizza in October, 2013," and Google Photos will show me every pizza I photographed that month. Google Photos, which are arranged by default in reverse-chronological order, is a rudimentary lifelog all by itself. Consider the data exposed or listed on the Google Dashboard, Google's full-disclosure site for user data. This page reminds me that Google has all my relationships in Contacts, all my documents in Drive, all my emails for the past 10 years, all my Google+ activity, my location history, my package-tracking history, my music, my Play Store activity, everything in my About me profile, my search history, my tasks, my phone calls and voicemails and my YouTube videos. From the Dashboard, I can even listen to the recordings of my own voice interacting with Google Assistant, Google Home or Google Voice Search with a single click. All that's just Google. I realized how much data is out there on social and other media when I turned my blog on Elgan.com into a public lifelog. I used IFTTT and other tools to funnel my social activity to the blog, including my two blogs, two email newsletters, my podcast, plus all my posts on three Twitter feeds, Google+, Facebook, Medium, Instagram, YouTube, Swarm and others. (A service I told you about earlier this year, called Digi Me, will do all this for you as well.) I probably create more public content than average. In general, however, most people already create enough content and data for an amazing lifelog. So the first part of lifelogging is already happening. The question is: How do you do the second part -- instantly recall specific memories from that data on command? My blog-based public lifelog is OK as a stream, but it's lousy for instantly conjuring up facts and memories on command. If you look at the neglected category of lifelogging smartphone apps, which includes Fabric, Rove, Quantified, Instant, Logsit, Loca, Swarm and others -- it's really focused on the problem of accessing the same kind of data that's automatically collected elsewhere. These apps in their present form are doomed, because much better ways to call up lifelogging information are being aggressively developed. Just add search, A.I. and virtual assistants What Gordon Bell, Chris Anderson and other lifeloggers realized is that collecting all your data creates a problem. You end up with terabytes of data with no fast way to extract the facts you're looking for. But this problem is being solved in a major way. Just as the collection of personal data for lifelogging "just happens" through normal activity, like using the Internet and sharing selfies and food photos, so will the tools for instant retrieval of "just happen." As we speak, two broad technology revolutions will solve the lifelogging data access problem: artificial intelligence (A.I.) and virtual assistants. This idea already works in a rudimentary form. I told you how Google Photos calls up the pizza I ate in October 2013. It turns out that by telling the Google Assistant in Google Allo, "show me my photos of pizza from October 2013," it will show me those pictures. The pictures are tagged with a location, too: Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix, Arizona. My wife is in the pictures. Suddenly I'm remembering the entire day. When the A.I. gets better, and all my data is accessible through Google Assistant and other virtual assistants, the fidelity of lifelogging retrieval will get ever sharper. Also: A.I. will improve data collection as well. The next generation of lifelogging cameras is using A.I. to solve the problem of snapping and storing thousands of irrelevant photos. A camera called the QindredCam from the startup Acumulus9 claims to use something like A.I. to choose when the camera takes photos. The camera is still under development, but the general idea is sound. It probably looks for changing scenery, faces, adequate ambient light and location to pick the perfect moments for taking snapshots. Sony teased something similar in February. Sony's concept is called the Xperia Eye, and it uses face identification (not face recognition) and other factors to auto-snap photos with its 180-degree fish-eye lens camera. The most ambitious A.I. lifelogging camera might be the Asteria camera by a San Francisco startup of the same name. The Asteria is an early concept for creating a lifelogging camera-like device that auto-captures photos, sounds, motion, location and even temperature, then uses A.I. to decide what to capture and retain. Lifelogging used to be a difficult, complex and time-consuming project that didn't work very well -- a discrete research activity or hobby designed to result in total recall or computer-enhanced photographic memory. That brand of lifelogging is dying because it's antiquated or obsolete. In its place, the natural evolution of personal data collection and picture taking, cloud storage, artificial intelligence and virtual assistants will automatically give us a better form of lifelogging than even the most visionary lifeloggers ever dreamed of. Unless we intervene (for privacy or other reasons), the data will simply be collected, and in an increasingly A.I.-mediated fashion. Then, A.I.-based virtual assistants will simply retrieve for us whatever specific information about our past that we ask for. Lifelogging as an independently driven project has no future. But the payoff of natural lifelogging -- the ability to remember anything instantly -- will simply happen for all of us who want it, thanks to A.I. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Personal Technology Artificial Intelligence Mobile & Wireless Data Storage Mike Elgan writes about technology and tech culture. Contact Mike and learn more about him at http://Google.me/+MikeElgan. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise The future of fast: composable infrastructure Sponsored by HPE 19 Techniques to Control the Chaos in Data Storage Popular Resources White Paper Accelerating Retail Activity White Paper Is Virtual Guarding the Future of Security? White Paper Leveraging Video Technology Beyond Loss Prevention in Retail White Paper Online Commerce: Plotting a Course to Personalization Case Study Sponsored Retail Execution Case Study: Carlsberg Go Top Stories Verizon IoT, Swiftmile pilot smart bike-sharing in Santa Clara Verizon will provide 4G LTE connections to the bikes and the solar charging stations where they are... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... The state of solar power looks bright in 2017 (+video) While solar and other forms of renewable energy still amount to a small percentage of all power... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say News 2016-11-20 Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 WWII Shipwrecks Vanish From Pacific Ocean: Sunken Dutch, British Warships, And A U.S. Submarine Mysteriously Disappear From Bottom Of Java Sea SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Facebook Fake News Writers: Here’s How Much They Earn By Posting Hoax Articles Social Media 3 0 0 November 19, 2016 Facebook Fake News Writers: Here’s How Much They Earn By Posting Hoax Articles Lorenzo Tanos Ever wonder how much the writers of those Facebook fake news articles earn? Is it really possible to earn a comfortable living picking trending topics, thinking of a sensationalist and false spin to those topics, and passing the hoax article off as legitimate news? A new report claims that writing these articles could earn their creators thousands of dollars in advertising revenue per month. Earlier this week, tech giants Google (through parent company Alphabet) and Facebook announced crackdowns on bogus news reports, with both firms announcing initiatives designed to hit the fake news writers where it hurts – their wallet. According to Business Insider, Google is working on a policy change that would prohibit websites with fake content from earning via its AdSense advertising platform. Facebook’s anti-fake news initiatives focused on changing its advertising policies to classify hoax websites as having “deceptive and misleading” content. Following accusations that Facebook helped elect Donald Trump as U.S. President, company CEO Mark Zuckerberg spoke out on the issue in the aftermath of the 2016 U.S. presidential elections, saying that the percentage of phony articles on the platform was too small to have influenced the elections’ outcome. “Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99 percent of what people see is authentic. Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes.” However, Facebook posts promoting fake news aren’t limited to American events and target readers. A report from the New York Times talked about how the trend is “often stronger overseas,” and how readers from developing countries are often more easily fooled into believing the hoax articles and images. One example took place in the Philippines, where a supporter of President Rodrigo Duterte published a photo of a young girl’s corpse, with the girl purportedly having been raped and murdered by a drug dealer. Although it was revealed that the photo actually originated from Brazil, many of Duterte’s supporters still saw the photo as justification for the Philippine president’s allegedly violent war on illegal drugs. #PaulHorner claims his #FakeNews sites targeted #Trump fans, influenced #election. "People are definitely dumber." https://t.co/ntouZcUoUe — JPManring (@JPManring) November 18, 2016 But how much do these Facebook-based fake news writers earn? According to the Washington Post, the amount of money could reach as much as $5,000 to $10,000 per month. The publication cited an interview it had with Paul Horner, the owner of an ersatz ABC News site that impersonates the news network’s logo and has a very credible-looking URL, as well as an authentic, if “rudimentary” interface. According to Horner, he makes “like $10,000 a month” worth of AdSense advertising revenue. That’s about twice the amount of money several Macedonian teenagers make by purveying fake news on U.S. events. BuzzFeed‘s Craig Silverman spoke to one of those teens, who said fake Donald Trump news articles could earn them as much as $5,000 a month. The Washington Post interviewed Horner earlier this week, as the 38-year-old Facebook fake news “impresario” took credit for Donald Trump’s election victory. “Honestly, people are definitely dumber. They just keep passing stuff around. Nobody fact-checks anything anymore — I mean, that’s how Trump got elected. He just said whatever he wanted, and people believed everything, and when the things he said turned out not to be true, people didn’t care because they’d already accepted it. It’s real scary. I’ve never seen anything like it.” While Zuckerberg was vehement in denying the role of hoax articles in assisting Trump’s election day victory, it cannot be denied that Facebook users shared tons of fake news articles in the run-up to the elections. The Washington Post mentioned a report claiming Pope Francis endorsed Trump as president in an official statement that had gotten more than 100,000 shares. Even more egregiously, the article “FBI AGENT SUSPECTED IN HILLARY EMAIL LEAKS FOUND DEAD IN APPARENT MURDER-SUICIDE” (capitalized accordingly for sensationalism) got over 500,000 shares, while a twist on the “Ending the Fed” hoax was shared over 900,000 times. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. [Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Additionally, the Post looked at how easy it is for fake news writers to make much more than legitimate writers do. Even if some of their sites are “tough to look at” with poorly-formatted articles and writers having a tenuous grasp of the English language, all it takes is just one click, as well as a way for these content creators to share their pieces. That platform, in most cases, was Facebook. Fake news writers were able to dupe thousands of people into sharing their work, but according to the Washington Post, these people included some “political personalities connected to the Trump campaign,” who bought into the hoaxes and shared the articles anyway. According to New School associate professor of media design David Carroll, this added unwanted credibility to the fake news writers, yet lined their pockets with even more money. He believes that fake news shares from Trump campaign officials on social media could have netted writers up to $10,000 worth of revenue for the share. As such, writers have a “huge economic incentive” to create bogus stories on the Internet. But even with Google and Facebook’s fake news crackdowns potentially costing them a good deal of revenue, Carroll added that their recent crackdowns still “show an initial willingness” to sacrifice money in the name of legitimate content. [Featured Image by marekuliasz/iStock] Now Watch This: Facebook Safety Check Double Standard? Now Read This: Facebook To Stop Certain Advertisers From Using Racial Targeting Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Lorenzo Tanos Tags: Facebook, fake news, google adsense Comments LATEST HEADLINES Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts A Tucson School Stopped A Kid From Being Bullied – By Kicking Him Out Of School NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.4k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Will The Shield Reunite At ‘Survivor Series’? Seth Rollins Says He’s Not Opposed To The Idea 2k 0 0 Recent Headlines Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 5 0 0 ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day 0 0 0 Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? 0 0 0 Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This 0 0 0 WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches 88 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society What's the deal with social media and the war on fake news What has caused the world to take the menace of fake news, which was considered inconsequential, so seriously now? Namrata Tripathi   November 19, 2016 17:13 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares Facebook is one of several Internet giants that have come under fire over the circulation of fake news stories.REUTERS/Dado Ruvic Besides Republican billionaire Donald Trump's unforeseen US presidential elections win last Tuesday, the hot issue that has been making the rounds is the infectious circulation of fake news on social media and its presence on the internet. Fake news or hoax news have always been present on the web world from fictitious death accounts of celebrities like Jaden Smith or Sylvester Stallone to various misleading videos. Then what has caused the world to take the menace of fake news, which was considered inconsequential, so seriously now? It is because of the outcome of the US elections: Donald Trump's presidential win. Why advertise with us? Related Facebook and Google go to war with fake news websites Vice president-elect Mike Pence booed at Hamilton show; actors ask him to uphold American values Ever read the news article of Pope Francis endorsing Donald Trump for US presidential post? Or Wikileaks confirming Hillary Clinton sold weapons to ISIS? If yes, then you may have hit the fake news treasury of the US elections. Experts have stated that Trump's unprecedented win may have a lot to do with several fake pro-Trump and alt-right articles which were widely shared and circulated on social media, especially Facebook. Facebook's role in circulation of fake news Although Facebook CEO Mark Zukerberg rubbished the idea of fake news on Facebook influencing the outcome of the US elections as "crazy," many employees of the social networking giant think differently. "It's not a crazy idea. What's crazy is for him to come out and dismiss it like that when he knows, and those of us at the company know, that fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season," one Facebook employee, told BuzzFeed. Why were social media giants entertaining fake news portals until now? There is a profit for both Facebook and Google and fake news web portals in this exchange. The social media giants were earning big audience and revenues by selling their advertisements to these fake news sites, particularly through Google's AdSense, and the web publishers were raking in big bucks in exchange. AdSense is an advertising placement service designed for website publishers who want to display advertisements on website pages and make money when visitors of the site view or click on those said advertisements. Taking steps to curb fake news Under heat, social networking giants have now acknowledged the menace of fake news and have started taking steps to detect and eradicate the hoard of hoax news from their websites. In an attempt to battle fake news, Facebook and Google on Monday announced that they are taking steps to prevent fake news websites from generating revenue through their ad-selling services. Facebook has said that it will ban websites which "traffic in fake news" from using the Facebook Audience Network. The audience network places advertisements on other websites and mobile apps. Google said it plans to prevent Google ads from being placed "on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher's content, or the primary purpose" of the website. Impact of fake news According to an analysis conducted by Buzzfeed News, it was found that fake news stories spread more quickly on social media during the last three months of the US election campaign than real news from outlets like New York Times and USA Today. Fake news has a greater impact owing to its sensational content and tailoring to suit a particular kind of reader base. Fake news a threat to Democracy: US President Obama Hoax news has become such a grave concern in international politics that the United States President Barack Obama spoke about it during his last official foreign visit to Germany. Obama cautioned people against "active misinformation" and said that circulation of news with no facts and misinformation could be a threat to democracy. "If we are not serious about facts and what's true and what's not — and particularly in an age of social media where so many people are getting their information in sound bites and snippets off their phones — if we can't discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems," Obama said in a press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. "If everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made, then we won't know what to protect. We won't know what to fight for. And we can lose so much of what we've gained in terms of the kind of democratic freedoms and market-based economies and prosperity that we've come to take for granted," he added. Can fake news be really eradicated? Although, social media sites are taking preventive measures, eradication of the fake news menace will be a long journey. Even though these sites may not endorse or circulate hoax articles, they will still be present, although sparsely. Without advertisement, it will be difficult for these hoax websites to survive. If Facebook and Google are serious in their war against fake news, they need to come up with strict stance about the misinformation and hoax content on their site rather than just cutting their advertisements. Also read Donald Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle three lawsuits against defunct Trump University Trump lawyer's looks to delay Trump University fraud case till after Inauguration Day Post Comment IBT TV Close Theresa May and Angela Merkel meet for bilateral talks Why advertise with us? Latest News Guess whom Queen Elizabeth is inviting to the UK next year 11 minutes ago By IBTimes Staff Reporter Russia just launched most intense air strikes in five years against Aleppo 28 minutes ago By IBTimes Staff Reporter Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular At least 120 killed, 200 injured in Patna-Indore express derailment PM Modi has said that an investigation will be launched into the accident. Here is a list of 5 worst train accidents that took place in India At least 97 people have died and over 150 injured after 14 coaches of the Patna-Indore Express train derailed in Pukhrayan near Kanpur. RRB NTPC results 2016 for Thiruvananthapuram region withdrawn The RRB NTPC results 2016 for Thiruvananthapuram region was put up on rrbthiruvananthapuram.gov.in on Thursday evening. Putin's presidential plane chased across Switzerland by fighter jets Increasing Russian aggression has set most of the Europe and even United States on alert over the country. Government updates Parliament on several key defence projects The defence procurements are based on the security situation and requirements of the armed forces, and technological advances. INS Chennai will be India's largest guided missile destroyer, when commissioned When commissioned, INS Chennai will join India's Western Naval Command. Patna-Indore train derailment: 9 trains diverted, 5 cancelled so far 95 people died and over 150 were left injured in the train accident that took place near Kanpur, UP. Afghanistan: As US drone strike kills top Isis official, Russia fears growing presence of terror group in the country Iran and Russia had earlier warned the world that members of Isis were seeping into Afghanistan. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS

null
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Airtel Open Network: Will it address call drops or is it just a marketing gimmick? By Naina Khedekar 39   Comments Airtel offers 3G/4G data at Rs 51 per GB in special scheme to check Reliance Jio effect 12   Comments Twitter testing in-line Subscribe button for Android app By Nimish Sawant 2   Comments WhatsApp to withdraw support for Symbian and BlackBerry devices from 31 December By Aditya Madanapalle 2   Comments 5 reasons President-elect Donald Trump may impact Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s SpaceX 1   Comments more from #Google Virtual exhibition on Indian women unveiled by Google Arts and Culture South Korea denies access to official mapping data to Google South Korea has denied Google's request to take mapping data to servers outside the country Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Virtual exhibition on Indian women unveiled by Google Arts and Culture #Google Image Credit: REUTERS 43   19 Nov 2016 , 16:19 Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts & Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history — spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. ‘Women in India: Unheard Stories,’ is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos, captures the stories of India’s unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. “This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future,” said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, while speaking at the launch. The immersive narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai — the first practicing woman doctor — and Muthulakshmi Reddi — the first woman legislator — as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India’s first feminist publisher, and can be accessed at g.co/WomenOfIndia. “It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations,” Mazza added. Google Arts & Culture created by the Google Cultural Institute is a new, immersive way to experience art, history, culture and world wonders from over a thousand organisations worldwide. Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena – on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia. Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art & Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies. Users can also explore gigapixel images captured by using our latest innovation, The Art Camera – a robotic, custom built camera that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of the painting. These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. IANS Tags: Exhibition, Google, Google Arts and Culture, India, Indian Women, Virtual Exhibition Also read Google celebrates Children’s Day with Doodle 4 Google winner “Enjoy every moment” Google launches PhotoScan, a new app powered by Google Photos to scan old photos X Recommended For You South Korea has denied Google’s request to take mapping data to servers outside the country Facebook should be treated like a media company, says German Justice Minister Google Translate gets its biggest update with support for neural networks Google will face tough regulatory policies under President-elect Donald Trump Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Global Citizen Festival Nov 20, 2016 Global Citizen Festival plans to launch a new app in coming weeks #Cyber security Nov 20, 2016 US opposes the takeover of German Aixtron Se by Chinese FGC citing national security #cybercrime Nov 20, 2016 More than 55 percent millennials have been hit by cybercrime in India: Norton by Symantec #Weather Forecasts Nov 20, 2016 US to launch a new weather satellite that will ‘revolutionize’ forecasts #NSA Nov 20, 2016 US intelligence community recommends removal of Admiral Michael Rogers, current Director of NSA SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Gadgets Google Home Smart Speaker - Price Slashed to $99.00 Elroy Bethell - November 19, 2016 5:00 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail Google Home Speaker  (Source: Amazon) The Black Friday deals continue as the price of the Google Home smart speaker gets slashed by $30.00 for next week. According to Best Buy, you can get the Google Home smart speaker for $99.00 plus six free months of YouTubeRed from November 24th through November 26th. The Black Friday deals continue as the price of the Google Home smart speaker gets slashed by $30.00 for next week. According to Best Buy, you can get the Google Home smart speaker for $99.00 plus six free months of YouTubeRed from November 24th through November 26th. For those of you still not familiar with Google Home, it is a speaker is a voice-activated speaker powered by the Google Assistant. Everyone should know about Google’s “OK Google” virtual assistant, so it was a smart move that Google Home be housed in a smart speaker. Watch the Video Google Home smart speaker owners are able to do all of the following; Alarm – Set, check, cancel, stop, and snooze multiple and or recurring alarms Timer – Set, pause, check, resume, and cancel timers Calendar – Ask about an event or get your schedule for the day from Google Calendar My Day – Get a curated daily snippet about your day which includes weather, calendar, commute reminders, and news Shopping List – Create and add items to your shopping list as well as check what you already have on it. Traffic – Ask for traffic and travel times for driving, walking, or biking Weather – Ask for current weather or forecasts for the week for your home location or any other location Local Guide – Search for local places and ask for additional information Flight Information – Get updated status information on your upcoming flight   This device is a clear challenger to Amazon’s Echo.   Amazon Echo - $179.99 (Amazon) Photo Source: Amazon Amazon’s Echo was the first device of this kind to hit the shelves in June of 2015. The Echo uses beam-forming technology to “hear you from any direction” and awakens to the wake word, “Alexa.” After saying “Alexa,” the internet-connected speaker awakens to answer your requests regarding news, weather, and of course your music library — Echo supports all the songs in your Amazon Music library, ad-free Prime Music, TuneIn, and iHeartRadio.   "Google fired a shot heard 'round the world, and now a second American company has answered the call to defend the rights of the Chinese people." -- Rep. Christopher H. Smith (R-N.J.) Related Articles Apple’s Siri Speaker is a Game Changer September 26, 2016, 5:00 AM Latest Headlines Google Home Smart Speaker - Price Slashed to $99.00 November 19, 2016, 5:00 AM Does Omega G Cleaning System do the Job? November 15, 2016, 8:00 AM Black Friday is Ahead. What do You Have in Mind? November 7, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Big Solar Panels Over The Roof Again Thanks to New Technology November 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Do You Know What Products Apple Made Decades Ago? November 4, 2016, 5:30 AM What will be the next iPhone display? And what else at CES 2016 November 1, 2016, 5:35 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesHere Goes Intel and AMD - Neck and Neck Again November 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Black Friday Deals – Core i5 Laptops Refurbs vs Brand New November 17, 2016, 1:00 AM Intel CPUs – Which one is right for you? November 13, 2016, 7:32 AM Black Friday VR Headset Review – Part 1 of 2 November 14, 2016, 9:32 AM Surface Book with Performance Base: Arrives 11/28/2016 November 12, 2016, 6:00 AM Latest Blog Posts HTC Makes Big Moves in China Elroy Bethell - Nov 20, 2016, 2:00 AM Do you know who is the number one company in the word? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 19, 2016, 5:30 AM Foldable Cardboard ”EcoHelmet” wins James Dyson Award’s Top Prize Saimin Nidarson - Nov 18, 2016, 2:39 AM Scientists Discover Roundest Object Ever Spotted in Universe Saimin Nidarson - Nov 17, 2016, 1:00 AM Smallest Device Lets You Print Almost from Anywhere Saimin Nidarson - Nov 16, 2016, 9:32 AM Cancer Screening in the Community Is there a link between Cancer and Poverty? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 15, 2016, 8:00 AM Points to Consider when Buying Your New PC – Window 10 PC Buying Guide Saimin Nidarson - Nov 14, 2016, 5:00 AM Google’s Pixel, Pixel XL smartphones have a Bug Saimin Nidarson - Nov 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Uber Latest Announcement Saimin Nidarson - Nov 12, 2016, 1:00 AM No More Free Lunch Saimin Nidarson - Nov 11, 2016, 1:00 AM Are you tried of Google tracking you? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 10, 2016, 2:34 AM Antibody May Promise Zika Vaccine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 8, 2016, 1:00 AM Samsung is Back in the News Again Saimin Nidarson - Nov 7, 2016, 1:00 AM What are the benefits of a solar panel roofing system and how it works? Saimin Nidarson - Nov 6, 2016, 6:00 AM PolyMet Wants Build Copper Mine Saimin Nidarson - Nov 5, 2016, 5:00 AM Paying Your Metro Transit Fare Got Easier Saimin Nidarson - Nov 4, 2016, 5:15 AM Xiaomi Launched Mi Air Purifier Pro in China Saimin Nidarson - Nov 3, 2016, 4:31 AM A Car Mechanic Repaired a Helicopter Saimin Nidarson - Nov 2, 2016, 2:00 AM Wells Fargo after damaging its reputation and taking over the customer’s accounts wants to be trusted again!!! Saimin Nidarson - Nov 1, 2016, 9:46 AM World News, Ceta Signing was Cancelled: Saimin Nidarson - Oct 31, 2016, 1:45 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2016 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
null
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Technology Snapchat in the frame to make camera glasses cool Can tech giant succeed where Google failed, asks Katie Wright Published 19/11/2016 0 Comments Share Snapchat in the frame to make camera glasses cool BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Remember Glass, the £1,000 smart spectacles launched by Google to much fanfare in 2012, but abruptly cancelled three years later following sluggish sales and a backlash from the public, who objected to being filmed without their knowledge? http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/technology/snapchat-in-the-frame-to-make-camera-glasses-cool-35218056.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/life/features/article35218054.ece/2be86/AUTOCROP/h342/2016-11-19_lif_26362458_I1.JPG Email Snapchat’s cleverly marketed £102 Spectacles sold out at a vending machine on Venice Beach in Los Angeles Remember Glass, the £1,000 smart spectacles launched by Google to much fanfare in 2012, but abruptly cancelled three years later following sluggish sales and a backlash from the public, who objected to being filmed without their knowledge? Now, Snapchat has unveiled Spectacles, in a move which bears a remarkable similarity to Google's doomed project. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments The social network announced the wearables back in September, but they went on sale for the first time this week, only available from a "Snapbot" vending machine positioned on sunny Venice beach in Los Angeles. Described by parent company Snap as "a totally new type of camera", the sunglasses enable wearers to take 10-second video clips (called "Snaps") by pressing a button on the left arm, which can then be uploaded wirelessly straight to your Snapchat account. Snap says the device, which is charged inside its case, is capable of taking a day's worth of Snaps, while the circular video format "captures the human perspective". Reception has been good so far, the bright yellow vending machine attracting a lengthy queue and a reported three-hour wait for a chance to buy the £102 specs, before they sold out completely. The lucky few who succeeded have been excitedly posting their first hands-free Snaps online, praising the shades for being simple to set up and fun to use. So why has the reaction been overwhelmingly positive, especially in comparison to Google Glass? For a start, positioning Spectacles as sunglasses rather than eyewear makes them instantly cooler, and the round lens design, available in black, turquoise and orange, is much more stylish. While the camera lens is prominent on the corner of the frames, crucially, the round shape, outlined in yellow, is repeated on the other corner, making them symmetrical and balanced, as opposed to Glass' clunky lopsided design. It's clear there's been a focus on fashion from the get-go, whereas Glass eschewed aesthetics in favour of technology - and even an appearance on the New York Fashion Week catwalk couldn't give it the street cred it needed. Fancy getting your hands on a pair? Well, that might prove tricky. A mysterious snoozing animation on the Spectacles website (www.spectacles.com) suggests that the Snapbot will be back in business somewhere else soon, but it doesn't say when, or where. But with winter on the way, you've got to wonder how useful a pair of sunnies - however smart they are - will be. Belfast Telegraph Your Comments COMMENT RULES: Comments that are judged to be defamatory, abusive or in bad taste are not acceptable and contributors who consistently fall below certain criteria will be permanently blacklisted. The moderator will not enter into debate with individual contributors and the moderator’s decision is final. It is Belfast Telegraph policy to close comments on court cases, tribunals and active legal investigations. We may also close comments on articles which are being targeted for abuse. Problems with commenting? customercare@belfasttelegraph.co.uk Powered by Livefyre Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Livefyre. Read More Golden Joystick Awards: Dark Souls 3 named ultimate game of the year  Action role-playing video game Dark Souls 3 has been named ultimate game of the year at the annual Golden Joystick Awards. Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government sweeping...  The House of Lords has passed the Investigatory Powers Bill, putting the huge spying powers on their way to becoming law within weeks. Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Apple’s iPhones and iPads are losing the battle against Android devices. 6 of the best bargain gadgets  By Keeley Bolger AmazonBasics Nano Bluetooth Speaker, £10.99, www.amazon.co.uk: Give the gift of sound this Christmas with this Amazon portable speaker. Designed for those on-the-go, it easily fits into an adult hand and is light enough to stash into a bag. Being a budget speaker built for movability, the sound quality isn't crystal clear, but for plugging... Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Supersonic Boom: New passenger plane to fly faster than Concorde  Technology Apple iPhones less reliable than Android devices, study finds  Technology Investigatory Powers Bill: 'Snoopers Charter 2' to pass into law, giving Government...  Technology 6 of the best bargain gadgets  Technology Snapchat in the frame to make camera glasses cool  Technology Judge threatens to shut Altnagelvin Hospital over patient record  Northern Ireland Family of pregnant woman murdered by UVF in call for collusion...  Northern Ireland New group to help LGBT Presbyterian Church members  Northern Ireland Micheal Martin slams 'backward-looking nationalism' after Brexit decision  Republic of Ireland Rory McIlroy roasted by 9-year-old on his favourite female tennis player, Zika...  Northern Ireland Northern Ireland beef farmer: 'Let's make most of opportunities this will offer us' Restaurant review: We take a big bite from Alfredo's Belfast Telegraph Drum Manor Run 10k and 5k - finishing times and pictures Ireland v New Zealand: All Blacks break Irish hearts with 21-9 win in Dublin Edward Snowden post-US election Q&A Battlefield 1 review: 'One of the greatest' Technology Robot takeover: Government completely unprepared for automation and artificial... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after training with exoskeleton and virtual reality Technology Apple’s Philip Schiller interview: Touch Bars, headphone jacks and voice... Technology Tech billionaires convinced we live in the Matrix are secretly funding scientists to help... Technology Paralysed patients walk again after VR training Technology PlayStation VR: Sony releases virtual reality kit Technology Instagram to launch online shopping trial Offbeat UK's first professional drone race to be held in London Technology Art created using virtual reality headset to be exhibited at the Royal Academy Technology Oculus Rift UK and Europe release date Technology Facebook to start taking user data from WhatsApp Technology How is technology affecting our health? Technology Netherlands on brink of banning sale of petrol-fuelled cars Technology What the human body would have to look like to survive a serious car crash Technology China's straddling bus takes first test drive By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Google rolls out Play Store and Android Apps to four more Chromebooks Google had initially rolled out Google Play Store to some Chromebooks soon after the Google I/O event. The only Chromebook with Android app support was the Asus Chromebook Flip previously. However, after a long gap, the company started rolling out developer update to Chrome OS that will support Android app to some Chromebooks including Dell Chromebook 13, HP 13, Samsung Chromebook 3, and ASUS C301SA users. Moreover, the Google has also promised to roll out the update for wide range of Chromebook in future. In order to have access to Google Play Store, the user needs to upgrade to the developer channel. In order to run the developer version of Chrome OS, you need to head on to About Chrome OS -> More info -> Change channel and select the developer channel. Once you change, the device automatically installs the update and prompt you to restart it immediately. However, the developer version is not stable and you might face issues time to time as well. Before installing this update, make sure to back backup your important files. Source | Via "Google rolls out Play Store and Android Apps to four more Chromebooks", 1 out of 5 based on 7 ratings. Author Vigneshwar SRPosted on November 19, 2016Categories Google, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: Huawei P10 with dual rear Leica cameras surface Next Next post: Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) with 16MP front and rear cameras receives Bluetooth certification Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) with 16MP front and rear cameras receives Bluetooth certification Google rolls out Play Store and Android Apps to four more Chromebooks Huawei P10 with dual rear Leica cameras surface OnePlus 3 OxygenOS Open Beta 7 brings audio tuner, November Android security update and more Huawei Mate 9 Lite with 5.5-inch 1080p display, dual rear cameras, 4GB RAM announced Weekly Roundup: Vivo V5 20MP selfie smartphone, OnePlus 3T, World’s thinnest Acer laptop and more HTC schedules an event in Taiwan on Nov 22, water-resistant HTC 10 Evo with Android 7.0 expected Apple could integrate Augmented Reality technology into iPhone camera app Reliance Jio starts testing doorstep SIM card delivery through pilot program Xiaomi Mi MIX Nano surfaces, Apple exploring iPhone production in the US and more – FoneArena Daily CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Art-Culture-Books Sharing stage with Chris Martin dream come true: Ayushmann Business Standard Google Arts and Culture unveils virtual exhibition on Indian women IANS  |  Mumbai  November 19, 2016 Last Updated at 15:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJF5eK Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Virtual exhibition showcasing Israeli culture opens in Bengaluru Serendipity Arts Festival to promote Indian art and culture Google app to bring Indian art and culture a step closer Migration can boost arts and culture: Leading British artist Gionee unveils S6 Pro with virtual reality feature Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts & Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history -- spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. 'Women in India: Unheard Stories,' is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos, captures the stories of India's unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. "This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future," said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, while speaking at the launch. The immersive narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai -- the first practicing woman doctor -- and Muthulakshmi Reddi -- the first woman legislator -- as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India's first feminist publisher, and can be accessed at g.co/WomenOfIndia. "It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations," Mazza added. Google Arts & Culture created by the Google Cultural Institute is a new, immersive way to experience art, history, culture and world wonders from over a thousand organisations worldwide. Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena - on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia. Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art & Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies. Users can also explore gigapixel images captured by using our latest innovation, The Art Camera - a robotic, custom built camera that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of the painting. These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. --IANS rt/vgu/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Google Arts And Culture Unveils Virtual Exhibition On Indian Women PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Google Arts and Culture unveils virtual exhibition on Indian women Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts & Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history -- spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts & Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history -- spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. 'Women in India: Unheard Stories,' is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos, captures the stories of India's unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. "This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future," said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, while speaking at the launch. The immersive narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai -- the first practicing woman doctor -- and Muthulakshmi Reddi -- the first woman legislator -- as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India's first feminist publisher, and can be accessed at g.co/WomenOfIndia. "It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations," Mazza added. Google Arts & Culture created by the Google Cultural Institute is a new, immersive way to experience art, history, culture and world wonders from over a thousand organisations worldwide. Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena - on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia. Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art & Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies. Users can also explore gigapixel images captured by using our latest innovation, The Art Camera - a robotic, custom built camera that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of the painting. These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. --IANS rt/vgu/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google Arts and Culture unveils virtual exhibition on Indian women Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts & Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history -- spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. 'Women in India: Unheard Stories,' is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos, captures the stories of India's unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. "This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future," said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, while speaking at the launch. The immersive narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai -- the first practicing woman doctor -- and Muthulakshmi Reddi -- the first woman legislator -- as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India's first feminist publisher, and can be accessed at g.co/WomenOfIndia. "It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations," Mazza added. Google Arts & Culture created by the Google Cultural Institute is a new, immersive way to experience art, history, culture and world wonders from over a thousand organisations worldwide. Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena - on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia. Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art & Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies. Users can also explore gigapixel images captured by using our latest innovation, The Art Camera - a robotic, custom built camera that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of the painting. These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. --IANS rt/vgu/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Register Now Existing Canindia User login Forgot Password? Close it EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER ADVERTISE CONTACT CAREERS WHAT IS CI REWARDS? EDITORIAL Pradip Rodrigues Sabrina Almeida Guest Column Opinion/Commentary NEWS Community Diaspora Canada India South Asia World Business ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood Hollywood Music LIFESTYLE Art/Culture/Books Automobiles Books Education Employment Fashion Food Health Living Restaurants Sci-Tech SPORTS Athletics Badminton Cricket Football Golf Hockey Motorsports OtherSports Tennis EPAPER Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Home India Google Arts and Culture unveils virtual exhibition on Indian women November 19th, 2016 CanIndia New Wire Service 0 comments 8 Mumbai, Nov 19 (IANS) Technology giant Google has on Saturday, through its cultural arm Google Arts &amp; Culture, unveiled a virtual collection of artworks and exhibitions on the life of Indian women in history — spanning 2,500 years and from 26 cultural institutions across the country, the company said in a statement here. ‘Women in India: Unheard Stories,’ is a collection of over fifty virtual exhibitions with more than 1,800 artworks, photographs and videos, captures the stories of India’s unsung heroines ranging from goddesses to leaders, artists and doctors. “This project is an effort to recognise the impact of Indian women in history and their impact on culture and while looking at where we are, we also wanted to look forward and inspire women and leaders of the future,” said Luisella Mazza, Head of Operations at Google Cultural Institute, while speaking at the launch. The immersive narratives, which includes exemplars like Rakhmabai — the first practicing woman doctor — and Muthulakshmi Reddi — the first woman legislator — as well as artworks by several young women artists, were in partnership with Zubaan Books, India’s first feminist publisher, and can be accessed at g.co/WomenOfIndia. “It is our ongoing effort to make important cultural material available and accessible to everyone and to digitally preserve it to educate and inspire future generations,” Mazza added. Google Arts &amp; Culture created by the Google Cultural Institute is a new, immersive way to experience art, history, culture and world wonders from over a thousand organisations worldwide. Users can also tour historical exhibits that capture stories from as early as the 1st century BCE from the Indian Museum in Kolkata, on Saktirupena – on how the Mother Goddess has been depicted in Indian art across millennia. Additionally, there are 17 new virtual exhibits from the Centre for Art &amp; Archaeology of the American Institute of Indian Studies. Users can also explore gigapixel images captured by using our latest innovation, The Art Camera – a robotic, custom built camera that moves to capture hundreds of high resolution close-ups of the painting. These collections by can be explored on the web, iOS and Android. –IANS rt/vgu/vm Tags Google Arts impact Indian Museum looking CanIndia New Wire Service Related Posts Ex-gratia for train accident victims unchanged for 19 years Nov 20th, 201608 Bhopal, Nov 20 (IANS) Even though the cost of living and medical treatment have shot up manifold in the... 120 killed in deadly train derailment near Kanpur (Intro Roundup) Nov 20th, 201609 Kanpur, Nov 20 (IANS) In one of the worst rail disasters in the country, at least 120 persons were killed... New drone will be for surveillance only: DRDO chief Nov 20th, 201608 Bengaluru, Nov 20 (IANS) The new unmanned aerial vehicle that the DRDO has developed and flight tested... Leave a Reply Cancel reply READ EPAPER ONLINE SIGNUP | LOGIN SOCIAL SHARE MOST READ THIS WEEK! Entertainment Marc Anthony's wife separates after he kissed his ex Jennifer Lopez Nov 19th, 2016 486 Entertainment Telugu star Shraavya Reddy blows her top as fans ask about her anatomy Nov 16th, 2016 545 Community Brampton pushes for revival of GTA-West highway plans Nov 11th, 2016 438 Entertainment Kylie Jenner is 'pregnant with Tyga’s baby' Nov 15th, 2016 181 Community Pickering airport could become a reality Nov 18th, 2016 279 Tags 9780 people 8048 India 5539 film 3789 statement 3559 country 3539 state 3338 study 3103 the Congress 2875 percent 2783 police 2539 reports 2472 time 2305 world 2290 Tuesday 2249 cent 2246 second 2219 children 2181 down 2161 Rs 2146 officials November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   ADVERTISE CONTACT US SUBMIT YOUR ARTWORK Back to top © 2015/2016 Can-India News a division of World Media Corp (Canada) Inc. All rights reserved. Can-India News Privacy Policy.
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Apple Working on Digital Glasses with AR Prowess November 19, 2016, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Facebook Revving up Public Chatrooms via Messenger App Augmented Reality is still a blooming field relatively. But many companies have already set its eyes on this lucrative domain. And now, Apple has got its name registered as one among them. The word now is that the Cupertino Company has set its eye for an expansion on to augmented reality, and its initial venture will be something similar to what Google have previously experimented with. The company is reportedly working on a digital glass that will be incorporated with augmented reality capabilities. By picture, Apple’s glasses stays close to Google Glasses, working on a modus operandi that will have data collected through the glass and synced with the iPhone devices. The augmented reality data processed will be then overlaid onto the glass screen, either through a projector or by some other means. That means it’s never as complicated like the other ambitious AR headsets the rivals are working upon at present. Apple’s new AR glasses won’t be coming out before 2018 to the least, and this should give some breathing space for the company to experiment more; something which Google failed to materialize with Google Glasses. The longer dateline also raises the possibility of the project being scrapped, given that Apple is already nourishing its interest in the automobile field. But previous words from Apple CEO Tim Cook had already exposed the interests of the company in working with AR. Tim Cook is also someone who believes more in the potential of AR than that of virtual reality. However, recent reports have suggested that Apple is still continuing the hiring process of AR as well as VR experts, which could suggest that Apple might just blend some VR technologies in its due course. Posted in: Featured, Gadgets Related Articles iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Facebook Revving up Public Chatrooms via Messenger App WhatsApp is Finally Offering Added Security via Two-Factor Authentication Bezel-less Screen to Remote Wireless Charging; Apple’s Ground Breaking Technologies for iPhone 8 No Spot for iPhone SE Next Year, Says Top Analyst « Previous Post « Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints Next Post » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro Chrome Not Backing In-Built Ad-Blocking; Plans to Better Ads Instead Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Google Keeps up Promise by Launching Standalone App Version of Android Auto There’s an App to Replicate MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar for Other Mac Devices Microsoft Wants to Glamorize Your Selfies with its New Android App DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How Here’s How to Get Material Design on YouTube Web News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions GPS & Sat Nav Mobile Apps Mobile Phone Accessories Mobile Phones Tablets Wearables & Fitness Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Mobile Phone News / Google lifts ban on Pixel phone resellers Google lifts ban on Pixel phone resellers by Joe Roberts 19 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Earlier this week, Google banned hundreds of users who took advantage of a tax loophole to profit from reselling the company's Pixel phones. The customers in question bought the phone through Google's Project Fi carrier and ordered the handsets to be delivered to a reseller in New Hampshire, where there is no sales tax. This allowed the reseller to split the profit with customers, but the whole thing backfired once Google banned the accounts of those involved. Related: Pixel review Now, The Guardian reports, following numerous complaints, the company has reversed its decision, emailing users who had been banned, to say it had reviewed its appeals and re-enabled their accounts. Google said in the email that it “takes violations of our terms very seriously, and we ask that you review relevant terms and product policies to ensure that you understand them... Repeated violations of our terms may lead to account termination.” As originally reported by Daniel Eleff, owner of US money-saving site Dan’s Deals, Google users who took part in the practice of shipping phones to New Hampshire for reselling had their entire Google accounts suspended. That left them unable to use Mail, Photos, Documents, or any other Google apps linked to their account. One user even reported that a back-up account was also banned as it was listed on the main account used to buy the Pixel phone. Google's terms and conditions do prohibit any reselling, stating that customers “may only purchase Devices for your personal use [and] may not commercially resell any Device”. But the company was criticised for its outright banning of those involved, as it prevented the users from accessing stored photos or email, and was seen as a particularly hard line to take. Google emailed Eleff following his report, saying: "We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project Fi or the Google Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this scheme. "After investigating the situation, we are restoring access to genuine accounts for customers who are locked out of many Google services they rely on.” WATCH: Google Pixel and Pixel XL Review Let us know what you think of the whole debacle in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Technology Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development TechnologySecurity You are here: ET Home›Small Biz›Security-Tech›Technology 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,970-161.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW No need to clog your phone downloading apps when you can stream By Bloomberg | Updated: Nov 19, 2016, 12.38 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Pokemon Go | Google | Glu Mobile | comScore | Chimani | Apple On the plus side, streaming has shown to increase app usage. Startup Chimani, which has 64 apps that act as guides to national parks, was one of the first developers to try Google's streaming last year By Olga Kharif Game developer Glu Mobile is working to let users play a future release by streaming it on their devices. No sifting through an app store to find it and no download required. Applications are streamed by clicking a link on a mobile website, in a text or e-mail message or through social media. The ability to access them without downloading is gaining the attention of companies like San Francisco-based Glu because, let's face it, it takes time and effort to search for and install apps. Almost half of smartphone users don't download a single app in any given month, and the average user downloads two, according to researcher ComScore. One of the problems is there are just too many apps, even within games, and that’s made it harder for people to find ones that interest them, said Richard Au, a senior technical director of a Glu studio. Streaming "presents the experience of your app without all the barriers; that really helps with discovery and brand awareness," Au said. The ability to tap into apps through social media also boosts engagement, he said. Friends or Twitter celebrities might invite users to join them in games by clicking on a link. Streaming could threaten the livelihood of app stores run by Apple and Google parent Alphabet, both of which offer more than 2 million applications and take a cut of as much as 30% of an app's price. That's a lot of money: Total app store revenue worldwide, excluding in-app ads, should reach $102 billion in 2020, up from $52 billion this year, according to researcher App Annie. And while fewer than 100 are enabled for streaming today, the number will climb to about 100,000 in five years, said Raul Castanon-Martinez, an analyst at 451 Research. He called that a conservative estimate. "App streaming is certainly a very viable and very threatening future way of interacting with mobile content, mobile games and mobile apps," said Roger Entner, an analyst at researcher Recon Analytics. "It could very significantly impact app stores, especially if you have a blockbuster app. It's a huge revenue impact." Take the summer phenom augmented-reality game Pokemon GO, for example. It drew almost 55 million users in July, according to ComScore. Sega, the Japanese publisher of Sonic the Hedgehog games, and Glu are using technology from startup 1APP to stream their apps on iPhones or Android devices. Menlo Park, California-based 1APP, which launched this month, takes an undisclosed share of revenue, though Chief Executive Officer Raheel Hasan says it's less than what the app stores get. He said the company has a second business model in which it charges per use. Other developers are adopting Google’s streaming technologies, including Instant Apps, which rolled out in May and lets users access parts of an app. Facebook Messenger began letting developers embed app-like capabilities, bypassing app stores so that users can, for example, summon and pay for rides with Uber. Connectivity issue One big drawback: app streaming only works where connectivity is available. That could be problematic in rural areas, emerging countries and even at crowded places like football stadiums where lots of people try to get online with mobile devices at the same time. "The cons of it is, you need a constant network connection," said Mike Facemire, an analyst at Forrester Research. "The offline network capabilities are obviated. There's a difference between having a connection, and having a good connection." On the plus side, streaming has shown to increase app usage. Startup Chimani, which has 64 apps that act as guides to national parks, was one of the first developers to try Google's streaming last year. The functionality increased the number of user sessions -- essentially, the number of times users accessed the app -- by 23% from a year ago, according to the Portland, Maine-based company. Satisfying sponsors "They are virtually interacting with our apps and not doing a download," Chimani CEO Kerry Gallivan said in an interview. That's a big deal because the company, whose apps are free, makes money off sponsorships from companies like Subaru. "By having increased user sessions, that translates into increased impressions, which is one of the measures we use." Google's technology only works on Android devices, and that's a problem, Gallivan said. Older Android phones working on more dated versions of the Google operating system may not be able to use the streaming feature. With Apple the top smartphone maker in the US with about 43% market share in September, according to ComScore, Chimani wants to target Apple devices as well. 1APP works with all operating systems and devices, which has helped it snag more than 1 million users since it began trials last year. It streams the apps from remote servers. As wireless networks get speedier and more widely available, streaming will become more reliable and the connectivity risks will likely diminish. "It is just not practical for users to keep downloading apps endlessly," said Castanon-Martinez, the 451 Research analyst. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Weird Tractors That Make No Sense - Wait till you see #1 Mentertained Monica Lewinsky Reveals Who She Voted For, And It's Not Wh.. Tomorrowoman This Dog Disappeared From The Yard Each Day. But When Her .. Scribol MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Kashmir bursts into life after 4 months of closure Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico VoLTE will not be an overnight success in India: Ericsson From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Top 10 Most-Anticipated Superyachts Coming to the 2016 Mon.. Robb Report See How Much A Mercedes Benz C-Class Costs in College Park Kelley Blue Book 6 Unbelievable Summer Games Moments When You Just Had to C.. Ancestry Man Hikes Jungle, Makes Discovery That Leaves Historians S.. Cyber-Breeze Rs 91 lakh worth old notes found in Minister’s car Spieth wins Australian Open in playoff Kejri calls BBC corrupt for supporting demonetisation Twitter poll: 87% believe move will limit terror funding READ MORE ON » Pokemon Go | Google | Glu Mobile | comScore | Chimani | Apple Follow this section for latest news on Technology EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Dheeraj Jain: Meet India's most prolific angel investor this year Boycott China? Dragon now angel for Indian startups How online startups are reshaping the informal jobs sector in India Paytm bags NHAI deal for automatic toll collection For Uber, Ola drivers, big dreams come to a screeching halt More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Top Stocks to Buy in Augmented Reality Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro could all benefit from the growth of the augmented reality market. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Nov 18, 2016 at 7:07PM The market for augmented reality apps and devices, which superimpose digital objects over real world ones, could grow from practically nothing today to $90 billion by 2020, according to tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital. After early blunders like Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Glass, the AR market recently gained mainstream momentum with the popularity of Niantic's Pokemon Go -- which prompted many investors to seek out AR-related stocks. Image source: Getty Images. Most "pure play" AR companies are start-ups instead of publicly traded companies. However, there are still a few ways that investors can gain valuable exposure to the AR market via bigger tech companies. Let's examine four such companies -- Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Google, and STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM). Microsoft Microsoft's HoloLens can project 3D Minecraft on table tops, project interactive holograms of 3D designs for graphic and industrial designers, and even "teleport" another person's full-body hologram into your room. Several major partners, including Lowe's and Volvo, already use HoloLens to showcase their products in augmented reality. Microsoft's HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft's upcoming Windows 10 Creator Update will add 3D image capture and editing tools to the OS, which will enable artists and developers to create 3D objects which can be viewed in HoloLens and its upcoming VR headsets. Microsoft claims that the tools will be so user-friendly that 12-year-olds can create their own holograms. However, the developer version of HoloLens still costs $3,000 -- indicating that it won't become a mainstream gadget anytime soon. Intel Intel's major play on AR is Project Alloy, a reference design for AR headsets similar to the HoloLens. The device is powered by Intel's sixth generation Core processor and its RealSense depth-sensing cameras. Unlike HoloLens, Project Alloy doesn't need to be tethered to a PC. By offering this reference design to OEMs that want to quickly release AR headsets, Intel could widen its moat against challengers like Qualcomm. Intel's Project Alloy. Image source: Intel. Intel is also investing heavily in the computer vision technologies, which AR apps, drones, and autonomous cars need to "see" obstacles. It acquired computer vision companies Itseez and Movidius over the past year, which could enhance the ability of its RealSense cameras to identify objects and surfaces. Google Google has noticed the game-changing potential of Intel's RealSense cameras in the AR market. Earlier this year, it partnered with Intel to develop Project Tango, a platform which enables smartphones and tablets to identify real-world objects with the RealSense camera and project AR overlays on them. For example, a user looking through a Project Tango display could change the walls and floors of a real room, or put virtual masks and costumes on nearby people. We haven't heard much about Project Tango since then, but many industry watchers have suggested that the project could be merged with its new VR platform Daydream. Google has also invested heavily in Magic Leap, an AR start-up which is reportedly developing a mixed reality headset akin to the HoloLens. It's still unclear how all these pieces will come together, but Google will likely adopt a more cautious strategy after Glass flopped due to its awkward appearance, pricing issues, and privacy concerns. STMicroelectronics STMicroelectronics manufactures a wide variety of chips for connected cars, wearables, and Internet of Things gadgets. It also makes motion sensors (accelerometers and gyroscopes) for smartphones and tablets. STMicro lost ground in motion sensors to its smaller rival InvenSense over the past few years, but it recently launched an ultra-low power 6-axis gyroscope and accelerometer combo device designed specifically for VR and AR devices. The device has already been certified for use with both the Project Tango and Daydream platforms. As the AR and VR markets grow, rising demand for more motion sensors should enable STMicro to leverage its scale and offer its sensors at lower prices than InvenSense. STMicro is also heavily invested in the computer vision market -- it manufactures ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) leader Mobileye's EyeQ computer vision chips, and produces LIDAR technologies for autonomous driving, AR, and VR uses with Microvision. The key takeaways Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro all represent interesting ways to gain exposure to the AR market, but investors should note that they won't represent major sources of revenue for these companies yet. But if the market takes off over the next few years, all four companies could reap some big rewards. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 7:07PM Technology and Telecom Stocks STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $9.42 up $0.15 (1.62%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $775.97 down $-10.19 (-1.30%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.95 down $0.07 (-0.20%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $60.35 down $0.29 (-0.48%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $760.54 down $-10.69 (-1.39%) Read More Should Microsoft Buy Fitbit? The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History Microsoft Stock Surges Higher, but I'm Not Buying the Hype 2 Special Dividend Stocks For 2017 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home Weather 71° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close How to spot fake news before you share it Mackenzie Concepcion, KPNX 5:51 PM. MST November 18, 2016 B.S. Detector, a Chrome extension, warns you if a Facbook link is from a questionable source. It uses a list that includes sites from across the political spectrum, including Blue Nation Review and the Bipartisan Report. (Photo: Screenshot) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Amid growing criticism of Facebook and Google for failing to weed out fake news stories, resources to help identify misleading “news” websites have been spreading across the internet. According to a BuzzFeed analysis, fake stories outperformed real news stories on social media during the final three months of the election. Some critics have even gone as far as blaming Facebook for influencing the results. RELATED: Fake news threatens democracy, Obama says Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg says it’s “extremely unlikely” the social network influenced the outcome of the election, but did promise to offer users more tools to eliminate hoax stories. One tool you can already use is a Google Document -- created by Melissa Zimdars, an assistant professor at Merrimack College -- which gives tips for analyzing news sources. A list of potentially false, clickbait-y and satirical news sources has been removed from the document in order for the list to be expanded on and clarified. The websites that were on the list ran across the political spectrum, from the Blue Nation Review to Infowars.com. The list was originally meant as a resource for journalism students learning about media literacy but began to spread among media scholars and students as they shared and added to it. If you missed the list before it was removed, there's another website you can check called fakenewswatch.com that lists fake news websites.  The list categorizes websites into hoax news websites, satire websites and clickbait websites. If you use Google Chrome, there is another useful tool at your disposal to identify misleading stories on your newsfeed -- a browser extension called B.S. Detector. RELATED: How to spot fake news in your Facebook feed The extension flags Facebook articles shared from questionable sources. If you hover over the link, a red warning message will appear. The extension works by checking the article’s source against a manually-compiled list, which can be found here. Users can also submit requests to modify the extension’s settings on Github. These resources aren’t the only ways to avoid fake news on the internet. A good rule of thumb is to at least Google a news story before you share it. If it’s fake, you typically won’t find the information on a professional news site. Other tips include checking the “About Us” section, looking out for odd domain names and watching out for websites that end in “com.co.” Copyright 2016 KPNX CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS New analysis of the JonBenét Ramsey case Family thankful for support after mom's death Birdie Bus' roams Phoenix area to give rescued parrots forever homes Could cold-blooded killers go free? Valley man camping out for black Friday Lights of the World Lantern Festivals opens tonight in Chandler Jeremiah adopted on Nat'l adoption day More Stories The best Black Friday deals on Amazon right now Nov 19, 2016, 6:23 p.m. Popular hummus brand issues nationwide recall Nov 20, 2016, 7:45 a.m. Family of slain soldier booed on plane Nov 19, 2016, 12:15 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local EVB Live Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog More... Call 12 For Action Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Magnify Money More Features Dollars & Sense Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News TV Listings Advertise with Us NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey © 2016 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC cars.com Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
Home FEATURED Cellphones Notebooks Gaming Tablets Software Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints November 19, 2016, By Sanjeev Ramachandran Share This Related Posts iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features The team behind Google Photos has just introduced a new app to digitally preserve your old photo prints. Called PhotoScan, the new app from Google aids to scan your old and precious photos, and store them digitally in your physical or cloud drives. PhotoScan is not the sole app that currently offers this function. In fact, there are many apps that let you save photos in scanned formats. But Google’s shot draws the line with one powerful factor; the ease with which Google lets its users scan multiple photos. One thing about Google is that they have been straight to the point with all their recent apps. Google Duo and Allo have provided an interface that lets users directly jump to what they have come for. Similarly, there isn’t any complex interface in the PhotoScan app that demands you to dig more with the app before you start using it. PhotoScan directly takes you to the in-app camera which comes with a round button at the bottom. Clicking that will pop-up four new augmented on-screen which users have to align with the dot on the center. The mechanism used by the app isn’t well perceivable, except four that it makes use of four snaps to bring out the final image. Google stresses that the app is aimed at scanning old photo prints, and we don’t think anyone would try this app just to scan a single photo. That’s exactly why the simplicity of the app matters. However, the speed does come at the cost of quality. PhotoScan effectively turns your images into digital images at good qualities, but don’t expect those images to have the quality of a regular flatbed scanner. It might even fail to replicate the standards of your smartphone’s megapixel counts. But still, it’s good at what it does, and PhotoScan definitely seems like a handy app to get things going with the flow. Google has also provided the option for users to get their photos saved to Google Drive, where photos can be arranged on the basis of facial recognition. The app has been made available for iOS and Android devices. Posted in: Software, Tech News Related Articles iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Chrome Not Backing In-Built Ad-Blocking; Plans to Better Ads Instead Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS « Previous Post « iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro Next Post » Apple Working on Digital Glasses with AR Prowess » Follow this blog Twitter Facebook RSS Tech Gaming Software Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints iPad Pro 2017; Apple Pushing for Bezel-Free Variant alongside Massive iPad Pro Chrome Not Backing In-Built Ad-Blocking; Plans to Better Ads Instead Sphericam 3: Beast Certainly, But Not an Enchanting Beauty Google Overhauls Gmail to Offer Better & Faster Experience in iOS Nintendo Wii U Wound Up, Switch is Here PlayStation VR Arrives this October as the Cheapest Console VR Sony’s PlayStation Now Services to Hop on to PS3 Consoles Next Week Xbox One April Update to Usher in Voice Message Feature Sony Rolls Out Web-based PlayStation Vue TV Services for PS Devices Google PhotoScan App to Digitize Your Old Photo Prints iOS 10.2: Top Anticipated Features Google Keeps up Promise by Launching Standalone App Version of Android Auto There’s an App to Replicate MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar for Other Mac Devices Microsoft Wants to Glamorize Your Selfies with its New Android App DM on Facebook DM on Twitter Latest Tutorials Here’s How to Add Self-Made Stickers in iMessage How to Enable Night Mode and Freeform Apps in Android N Create Personalized Emojis in Snapchat; Here’s How Here’s How to Get Material Design on YouTube Web News Tips // Getting in Touch Have anything worth reading and writing about it, then why not send us an email to give us more details. We can't promise that everything we get will be on the top page of DeviceMAG, but we can assure you that we'll read all emails. If you want to get in touch here's where to do it: Contact us. The Team What drives us into doing what we do? It’s either passion or need. Here at DeviceMAG we take technology very serious, no matter if it’s a small gadget or a new device on the market. With a passion for everything that gets geeks high we’re here to feed you with the latest news. Read more about us. © 2008-2012 DeviceMag.com - All rights reserved | Privacy Policy
null
null
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Help using this website - Accessibility statement afr Search afr AFR News More Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports RBA Interview Series Business More Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business More Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets More Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate More Commercial Residential Opinion More Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Technology More Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance More Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs More Portfolio Management Leadership More Management Careers Innovation Entrepreneur Workplace BRW Lists Lifestyle More Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars Bikes & Boats Health Home Design All More News Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports Rear Window Business Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate Commercial Residential Domain Prestige Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Technology Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs Leadership Management Careers Company Culture Innovation Entrepreneur BRW Lists Lifestyle Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars, Bikes & Boats Health Home Design The Australian Financial Review Magazine Luxury The Sophisticated Traveller My Saved Articles (0) Done Select All Remove News My Saved Searches 0 Done Select all Delete Home Technology Social Media Facebook For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Opinion Nov 18 2016 at 1:06 PM Updated Nov 18 2016 at 3:35 PM Save article Print License article Can Facebook kill fake news after the fantasy US election campaign? Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit The creators of fake news quickly found it was more profitable to create stories that played to the views of Donald Trump's supporters. AP Share on twitter Share on Google Plus by Paul Smith This could be the most self-serving sentence to ever appear on the illustrious pages of The Australian Financial Review, but with the truth defence ready to roll, here goes. The post-US election fuss over the abundance of fake news on Facebook highlights more than ever that only the ongoing survival of trusted, independent news organisations can properly feed informed public discourse. Earlier this week Facebook boss Mark Zuckerberg felt it necessary to come out and publicly defend his site against the charge that fake news stories about Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, which proliferated on its pages before the election, had had a huge effect on the way people voted. In stark terms, the narrative of the election for millions of voters was a fantasy, and the world's biggest online platform showed that its open nature left it wide open to the rampant spread of misinformation. Fake news stories abounded on Facebook in the US election campaign. Facebook, and also Google in its search results, showed that they were either unaware or careless about the explosion of websites that exist purely to lure in social media users with pretend and often outlandish news stories. Related Quotes 5 years 1 Day Last updated: Updating... Last updated: Updating... View full quote Company Profile ASX Announcements Expand ASX Announcements View all announcements Sites such as National Report, World News Daily Report, World Politicus and USConservativeToday.com are dressed up to look legitimate, with the sole purpose of cashing in on the clickbait-driven ad revenue. Some are run by notorious US online fake media baron Paul Horner, and bizarrely it has emerged that a big cluster of these websites originated in a single Macedonian town of Veles, where entrepreneurial teens are among the creators of around 140 US "political news" sites. They admit to not caring about US politics at all, and worked out that if they created headlines to excite Trump supporters, then the advertising dollars would roll in. Stories saying the Pope had forbidden Catholics from voting for Clinton, that Clinton had previously urged Trump to run for office, that a Bill Clinton sex tape had been leaked and that an FBI Agent involved in the Clinton email leaks had been killed in suspicious circumstances, were shared hundreds of thousands of times each on social media. Not all the fake news going viral is political. These numbers dwarfed the social media performance of some of the biggest genuine scoops from legitimate media titles. These are not satirical websites in the vein of The Onion or Australia's Betoota Advocate, which run comedy fake news. They are taking the place of reputable news outlets in the mind of readers who believe they are finally getting "the real story". 'People are Dumb!' Speaking to The Washington Post on Thursday, Horner claimed responsibility for Trump's win, and showed disdain for the hundreds of thousands sharing his stories. Earlier this year, US-based Pew Research Center released a study showing that 44 per cent of the general US population gets its news from Facebook. "Honestly, people are definitely dumber. They just keep passing stuff around. Nobody fact-checks anything anymore – I mean, that's how Trump got elected." "My sites were picked up by Trump supporters all the time. Trump is in the White House because of me. His followers don't fact-check anything – they'll post everything, believe anything. His campaign manager posted my story about a [anti-Trump] protester getting paid $3500 as fact. I made that up." The stories were shared because readers thought they were true, and the sites profited off the many who believe anything that looks like news and which conforms to their world view. Zuckerberg's indignant words were backed up by actions days later when Facebook and Google announced they were changing their rules to try and ensure that fake news websites wouldn't be able to generate ad revenue through their services. Mark Zuckerberg says fake news did not affect the election outcome, but that Facebook will seek to cut off the sites' revenue stream. Bloomberg Believe it or not Most people will tell you jokingly that they don't believe a word that they read on the internet but evidently this isn't true. Earlier this year, US-based Pew Research Center​ released a study showing that 44 per cent of the general US population gets its news from Facebook, whereas 10 per cent get it from Google-owned YouTube and 9 per cent from Twitter. Neither Facebook or Google describe themselves as media companies. They don't employ journalists to hunt out or investigate stories – they merely curate content or enable their users to as one facet of their swelling empires. Yet they have undeniably moved in to completely usurp even the biggest content-creating outlets in terms of being the biggest conduits for information … taking the lion's share of media buyers' advertising budgets into the bargain. Galling as this is for media companies, the issue in terms of the public good is quality control or, more importantly, the complete lack of it. Facebook and Google have taken the spoils of media ownership, without exercising any of the journalistic rigour that is supposed to underpin it. This is not good for a healthy society, despite what you may think of the mainstream media and its perceived agendas. Twitter and Facebook can be echo chambers for people of a like-mind, but we really can't just shrug our shoulders and accept this kind of misinformation as the reality of a free, open internet. We must hope that Facebook and Google's efforts to police news content are genuine, as there is little that can or should be done to force the issue from a regulatory perspective. The idea of fake news is nothing new, of course: propaganda has always been a powerful tool, and concerns about the power of modern technology to subvert public opinion have increased over more than a decade. US election campaigning has been shrouded in stories about Barack Obama's birthplace for the previous two terms, and back in 2004 Democrat John Kerry's run towards the White House against George W Bush hit a speed bump when a faked picture of him attending an anti-Vietnam war rally with actress Jane Fonda in 1970 bolstered a view among voters that he was anti-military. The reason this election was particularly worrying was that the situation is clearly getting worse. The low barrier for entry into mass dissemination through Facebook is now being exploited on an almost industrial scale, and there is little that can be done about it by anyone except the companies themselves. Facebook has been actively tweaking its algorithms in recent times to prevent established media outlet posts about their stories from dominating users' news feeds (you have to pay for that privilege) and you are therefore much more likely to see stories that have been shared by your friends. Surround yourself electronically with rabid Trump or Clinton supporters and the stories they share will dominate your screens, regardless of their veracity. The only solution is for proper independent journalism to somehow survive and thrive in an indifferent world that Facebook has created. Realistically its dominance as a platform is not ending any time soon, and the onus is still on the news companies to find their voices in the new order. It is obviously much more expensive and time-consuming for professional journalists to dig out genuine scoops than it is for a kid to bash out a mildly convincing fabrication, but we can only hope that enough people care to spot the difference. In a sense Facebook is now having to find a way to police its content in a fashion that goes against its reason for being. It is successful partly because it allows anyone to communicate with the world with ease, not because it controls what they say. Given the sole motive of the fake news sites is money, starving them of ad revenue seems like a top plan – it remains to be seen if they can pull it off though. Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Advertisement Advertisement Commercial Real Estate Related articles Acorns app opens 'highly speculative' offer At AMP, star fundies need not apply Central banks imagining the future of money Inside Optus Sport HQ Weak wage gains blow out budget Latest Stories Boral close to $1 billion acquisition in United States: sources Mining shares and Asian equities part ways Wilmar, QSL and the sugar canegrowers' fight Advertisement Rock wallabies on the dinner table Jay McInerney on how to skewer the rich Patty Hearst: brainwashed or spoilt brat? There's a gap in the swimwear market Menswear retailer targets the female dollar How Ahmed Fahour delivers innovation We're not innovative enough: new Google boss How sport makes girls ambitious How to survive a PR crisis Lawyers use art to inspire innovation Luxury gifts of the week Louis Vuitton embraces indie tactic in Sydney 5 spectacular homes for sale in Australia now The world's most expensive watch Modern design in Australia's oldest building Special Reports What to do with public debt Trading when markets are flat Home-town bias to reduce next year Debt-free notions threaten better policy-making Investors continue to warm as products become mainstream © Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Ltd Privacy Terms & Conditions of Use Contact Us FAQ Experience afr.com free for 1 month Enjoy unlimited access to Australia's best business news and market insights across desktop, tablet and mobile Find out more Already a subscriber? Log in Close You have left for this month. For unlimited access upgrade to Premium Digital Find out more Close
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Sign Up Log In Current Mon-Sun Print Daily Progress   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Current Star Exponent Mon-Sun Home Delivery   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Current News Virginian Mon-Sun Home Delivery   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Auto temp access Auto temp access NV Auto temp access SE No DSI Account Mon-Sun Print + All Access Daily Progress Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday. Plus digital access, which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $17.95 $17.95 Mon-Sat Print + All Access Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday – Saturday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $13.60 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $11.64 $11.64 Existing Subscribers $13.60 News Virginian Mon-Sun Print + All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. New Subscribers $10.31 $10.31 Star Exponent Mon-Sun Print + All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Sunday. Plus digital access which includes unlimited web and mobile web access to Star Exponent website and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $12.16 $12.16 Thur-Sun Print + All Access Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper Thursday – Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $17.95 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $16.14 $16.14 Existing Subscribers $17.95 News Virginian Fri-Sun Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee.Only $10.31 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.22 $9.22 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Fri-Sun Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to Star Exponent website and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $10.93 $10.93 Existing Subscribers $12.16 News Virginian Sunday Print + All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday edition. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $10.31 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $7.63 $7.63 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Sunday Print + All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Sunday. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to Star Exponent website and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $11.75 $11.75 Existing Subscribers $12.16 Sunday Print + All Access Daily Progress Get home delivery of the Sunday edition of The Daily Progress. Plus digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com and our electronic replica edition every day for one low monthly fee. Only $14.40 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $10.44 $10.44 Existing Subscribers $14.40 Digital Only All Access Daily Progress Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to DailyProgress.com, StarExponent.com and NewsVirginian.com, as well as all three electronic replica editions (e-Editions) every day for one low monthly fee. Only $13.95 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.95 $9.95 Existing Subscribers $13.95 News Virginian Digital Only All Access Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to NewsVirginian.com, DailyProgress.com, and StarExponent.com, as well as all three electronic replica editions (e-editions) every day for one low monthly fee.  Only $10.31 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.95 $9.95 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Digital Only All Access Get digital access with unlimited web and mobile web access to StarExponent.com, DailyProgress.com, and NewsVirginian.com, as well as all three electronic replica editions (e-editions) every day for one low monthly fee.  Only $12.16 after three-month intro period. New Subscribers $9.95 $9.95 Existing Subscribers $12.16 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Mon-Sun Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper, Monday – Sunday, for one low monthly fee. Print Only $17.95 $17.95 Existing Subscribers $17.95 Star Exponent Mon-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $12.16 $12.16 Existing Subscribers $12.16 Mon-Sat Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper, Monday – Saturday, for one low monthly fee. Print Only $9.65 $9.65 Existing Subscribers $9.65 News Virginian Mon-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $10.31 $10.31 Existing Subscribers $10.31 Star Exponent Fri-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $6.98 $6.98 Existing Subscribers $6.98 Thur-Sun Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the newspaper, Thursday – Sunday, for one low monthly fee. Print Only $14.08 $14.08 Existing Subscribers $14.08 News Virginian Fri-Sun Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Friday – Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $8.23 $8.23 Existing Subscribers $8.23 Sunday Print Daily Progress Get home delivery of the Sunday print edition for one low monthly fee. Print Only $8.45 $8.45 Existing Subscribers $8.45 News Virginian Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday edition for one low monthly fee. Print Only $5.64 $5.64 Existing Subscribers $5.64 Star Exponent Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Sunday for one low monthly fee. Print Only $5.80 $5.80 Existing Subscribers $5.80 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local Crime Business Politics State National UVa Weather Read the e-Edition Obits Sports Cavalier Insider C'ville Varsity Pulse Arts Contests Food & drink Features Local Movies Music Lifestyles Calendars Generation Us inCrowd Health Outdoors Gardening Celebrations Church directory Yester Years Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Guest columns The Shape of Central Virginia e-Edition Video Jobs Jobs in Central Virginia Jobs at The Daily Progress Be a Progress carrier Join our team Contact us Contact Progress staff Submit a letter to the editor About us Terms of use Manage your email preferences Subscribe Subscribe to The Daily Progress Get All Access Frequently asked questions Subscribe Manage Subscription Place a classified ad Advertise with us Find Local Legal Announcements Contests Classifieds 46° Charlottesville, VA (22901) Today Partly cloudy. High 48F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search Jobs Jobs in Central Virginia Jobs at The Daily Progress Be a Progress carrier Join our team Contact us Contact Progress staff Submit a letter to the editor About us Terms of use Manage your email preferences Subscribe Subscribe to The Daily Progress Get All Access Frequently asked questions News Local Crime Business Politics State National UVa Weather Read the e-Edition Obits Sports Cavalier Insider C'ville Varsity Pulse Arts Contests Food & drink Features Local Movies Music Lifestyles Calendars Generation Us inCrowd Health Outdoors Gardening Celebrations Church directory Yester Years Opinion Editorials Letters to the editor Guest columns The Shape of Central Virginia e-Edition Video Close Patrick Sison This Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016 photo shows the Roku Premiere streaming TV device in New York. Your streaming TV options just got better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV, as long as it’s a regular, high-definition set. (AP Photo) Technology: Options abound for streaming TV to fit your needs and budget By ANICK JESDANUN/The Associated Press Nov 18, 2016 (…) Patrick Sison This Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016 photo shows the Roku Premiere streaming TV device in New York. Your streaming TV options just got better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV, as long as it’s a regular, high-definition set. (AP Photo) NEW YORK — Your streaming TV options have gotten better and cheaper. Features that once required a $100 device can now be had for as little as $30. A cheap device is fine for getting TV shows and movies from most popular services onto a big-screen TV — as long as it’s a regular, high-definition set. Of course, it’s possible to simply watch video on a phone or tablet, but it’s not as satisfying from a living-room couch. Here’s a holiday buying guide for the TV-streamers in your life. Built-in streaming Smart TVs, game consoles and the TiVo digital video recorder all have streaming apps, and if all you watch is Netflix and Hulu, you’ll be fine with those. But apps for individual channels such as The CW and FX won’t work with every device. The exceptions are TVs running Roku software or that have Google’s Chromecast technology built in; they tend to have wider app selections. Getting around Devices vary in how easy it is to access apps and video. While many devices are getting voice features that let you search multiple services at once, you’ll still need to navigate on-screen menus with a remote. The exception is Chromecast, which has no menu or remote at all. Instead, you start video on an iPhone or Android phone and send it to the big screen with a tap of a cast button. With some video services, the phone is freed up for other things, though you’ll need to use the phone as a remote for pausing and rewinding. Devices running Google’s Android TV come with Chromecast features and pack their menus with video from Google’s YouTube service. Amazon’s Fire TV device traditionally has favored Amazon video over others, though that’s changing as Netflix, HBO and other leading services get prominence on the home screen. Roku is the most service-agnostic of the bunch. Apple TV ships with Apple services, but it’s easy to replace those with your favorites. App selection Roku has one of the most complete app libraries, though Apple’s iTunes service is notably missing. You’ll need an Apple TV to access iTunes. Apple TV also has a good app selection, though out of 25 leading services The Associated Press checked, it’s missing direct access to Amazon, Google Play, Vudu and PlayStation Vue. You can get the first three indirectly with a Chromecast-like feature called AirPlay if you have a companion iPhone or other Apple device. Amazon’s Fire TV device is missing iTunes, Google Play, Vudu, ABC, Freeform and the NFL (though some games are shown through Twitter’s app). The selection on Android TV is also limited, but you can supplement that with apps for Chromecast. With an Android phone, you can get all but iTunes, though getting Amazon video is tough, as it requires getting Amazon’s “Underground” app store first. With an iPhone, you’re missing iTunes, Amazon and USA Network, even with AirPlay. If you just have a Chromecast device with an iPhone, you’re also missing Freeform (formerly ABC Family) and CNN. You’ll still need individual subscriptions to these services. The streaming device merely enables playback on the big screen. Entry-level devices Amazon’s Fire TV Stick stands out as a speedy, capable device for $40. It now comes with a voice remote for searches and Alexa assistant queries on weather, sports scores and other information. The Roku Express is cheaper at $30, though there’s no voice remote, and the interface is slower (which doesn’t matter as much once you sit back and watch the video). It’s a great choice considering its wider app selection, notwithstanding the lack of iTunes. Google’s entry-level Chromecast costs $35 — affordable, though the gadget is clunky without its own remote. It’s slightly better with Android than iPhones. Mid-range choices Xiaomi’s Mi Box is a speedy Android TV device with a nice price tag of $69. It supports higher-resolution video known as 4K, an option that once required more expensive devices. But you need a 4K TV and services that offer 4K video — so far, Netflix and YouTube do so for just some of their offerings. Mi Box also supports HDR picture quality. HDR, or high dynamic range, promises brighter whites, darker blacks and a richer range of colors — but you need an HDR TV and HDR video. Google’s new Chromecast Ultra also has 4K and HDR support for $69. Because Mi Box also does Chromecast, you get more overall for the same price. Mi Box also has a voice remote. The Roku Premiere also offers 4K for $80, but its remote lacks voice support. Amazon’s regular Fire TV has 4K and a voice remote for $90. Neither has HDR. For now, HDR sets are rarer than 4K, and even 4K sets aren’t that common. Why pay more? The $100 Roku Premium Plus and the $130 Roku Ultra offer both 4K and HDR. The remote for both also has a headphone jack for listening when everyone else is asleep. The Ultra also has a voice remote, something many cheaper devices offer. That remote also has gaming buttons and emits a sound when you lose it in a couch. For hard-core gamers, consider the $200 Nvidia Shield TV, an Android TV with both 4K and HDR support, plus faster processors for games with intensive graphics. Another premium choice is Apple TV, which starts at $149. You don’t get 4K or HDR, which won’t matter for regular sets. Instead, you get plenty of apps that do more than play video. You can browse Ikea’s catalog, order food from Grubhub and get the AccuWeather forecasts. For video, an upcoming app simply called TV promises to bring together all your viewing from various channels and services. An iPhone isn’t required, but helps. Sorry, no Android. And for iTunes, Apple TV is the only choice. Tags App Video Device Chromecast Ultra Hdr Itunes Iphone loading... Most Popular Articles Articles UVa officers on leave after 'Make America Great Again!' yelled at students Some students, staff want UVa to stop quoting Jefferson in campus communications Pro-Trump student claims his rights were violated at AHS UVa officer who yelled Trump slogan resigns A new — and wet — world for Greene sheriff's investigator Trump protest at Albemarle High turns heated Turner criticizes 'deviousness' in NAACP election One suspect in custody in Fluvanna shooting Local startup gets investments for conservation easements Fraudulent psychic sentenced to 30 months The Latest Philadelphia turning railroad ruins into elevated Rail Park Thousands line tracks as Santa Train makes annual run Colorado Rhodes Scholar to study mass migrations Fire in empty Nashua apartment house under investigation Student from Maryland chosen as Rhodes Scholar for 2017 Sunday crash fatal to 21-year-old Oklahoman Minnesota officials solicit bids for governor's home upgrade Report: 16 percent of low-income kids obese in Alabama Featured Businesses Old Dominion Realty Augusta Office 1750 Jefferson Hwy, Fishersville, VA 22959 540-943-0085 Currently Open Coupons The Waynesboro News Virginian 1300 W Main St, Waynesboro, VA 22980 540-949-8213 German P Culver Jr CPA PC 154 N Main St, Culpeper, VA 22701 540-825-6670 Coupons Jefferson Coin Shop 1718 Seminole Trl, Charlottesville, VA 22901 434-979-2646 Better Homes and Gardens REIII - The Jeff Gaffney Team 500 Faulconer Dr, Charlottesville, VA 22901 434-817-9300 Heppner Family Chiropractic & Wellness 3450 Seminole Trl, Ste 105, Charlottesville, VA 22911 434-974-7955 Events Linda Martin 332 James Madison Hwy, Culpeper, VA 22701 540-270-6062 Currently Open Find a local business Community Calendar ​ ​ Browse Today's events Submit Sections News Cavalier Insider Obituaries Opinion Entertainment Lifestyles Weather Photos Video Services About us Contact us Advertise Subscribe Subscription management Join our team Be a Progress carrier Contribution requests Partners Cavalier Insider The News Virginian Culpeper Star-Exponent Greene County Record Madison County Eagle Orange County Review Rural Virginian Charlottesville Tomorrow Contact dailyprogress.com 685 West Rio Road Charlottesville, VA 22901 Phone: 434-978-7200 Email: news@dailyprogress.com The Daily Progress, Charlottesville, VA © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy

Jump to navigation Secondary Menu Jobs Offices Contact us For the media Search: Menu Donate EDF, Google Use Special Street View Cars to Map and Measure Leaks from Pittsburgh Natural Gas System Working with Peoples Gas and State, Local Officials to Reduce Waste, Emissions; Results Show Technology Can Help Reach Statewide Methane Goals November 15, 2016 Contact:  Jon Coifman, jcoifman@edf.org, 212-616-1325 Elaine Labalme, elaine.labalme@gmail.com, 412-996-4112 Mara Harris, maraharris@google.com, 650-713-9868 Barry Kukovich, Barry.D.Kukovich@peoples-gas.com, 412-430-3187 (PITTSBURGH, PA – November 15, 2016) Environmental Defense Fund and Google Earth Outreach today released online maps showing the location and size of methane leaks discovered beneath Pittsburgh city streets using specially-equipped Google Street View mapping cars. The project is designed to showcase cutting-edge technologies to help operators prioritize costly pipeline repair and replacement efforts. Peoples Gas, which owns the pipes, has been working to replace aging, leak-prone lines throughout its system, and invited EDF to bring the project to Pittsburgh. Leaks like the ones mapped by the team don’t usually pose an immediate safety threat, but leaking natural gas – which is mostly methane – has a powerful effect on the climate, packing 84 times the warming effect of carbon dioxide over a 20-year timeframe. Reducing methane leakage has also been a major focus of Gov. Tom Wolf’s efforts to ensure that Pennsylvania’s oil and gas sector is both cleaner and more competitive. “Methane leaks are a serious issue in cities across the country, and for the oil and gas industry as a whole. It’s a waste of customer resources, a waste of national resources, and a serious environmental challenge,” said EDF President Fred Krupp. “Replacing old, leaking pipes is an important opportunity to cut greenhouse emissions quickly. New data like this can help get the job done in a way that’s better for ratepayers and the environment alike.” The Pittsburgh maps are online at www.edf.org/climate/methanemaps. A video on the project is at http://tinyurl.com/MethaneMaps. Nearly half of Pittsburgh’s local gas lines are more than 50 years old. Street View mapping cars collected hundreds of thousands of readings over 320 miles of city streets between downtown, Oakland and Highland Park, chosen as a representative sample. Created from data taken over a period of months, the maps don’t paint a real-time picture. But they do reflect conditions facing Peoples Gas and dozens of other utilities, particularly in older cities. “Peoples approached the EDF to begin to measure and monitor methane releases from our pipelines, and we thank them for lending their expertise on this project,” said Morgan O’Brien, president and CEO of Peoples. “Peoples has embarked on a 20-year, multibillion dollar pipeline modernization and methane mitigation program. We will hone the data, technology and methodology developed during this project to drive our improvement plan throughout our entire pipeline system.”      Peoples is accelerating their pipe replacement effort, prioritizing the most populated areas in and around the Pittsburgh. They plan to continue working with EDF, along with researchers at Carnegie Mellon University, to expand methane monitoring efforts and maximize the resulting environmental benefits. New Technology Brings New Benefits The leak detection and measurement technology used in this project is newer and more sensitive than typically used by utilities generating far more information than most operators now collect. All utilities are required by law to monitor their lines and immediately fix leaks that pose a safety threat. But other leaks can and often do go undetected or unrepaired for long periods. Over time, the emissions add up. “Google has a close connection and long history with the Pittsburgh community, and shares its dedication to science, technology, and the environment. We are excited that Google technology can play an important role here, to power the measurement, analysis, and communication of environmental information,” said Karin Tuxen-Bettman, Program Manager for Google Earth Outreach. “Making this information more accessible can make a meaningful difference in people’s lives.” Utilities in New York and California are already publishing dynamic maps of their natural gas leaks. Sharing geographically-attributed leak data can help regulators and ratepayers track utilities’ leak management performance, and ensure cost-efficient emission reductions. In New Jersey, the state’s largest utility is using data collected by EDF and Google Earth Outreach to maximize the environmental benefits of a $900 million pipeline replacement program. Next Steps in Pennsylvania Pennsylvania has taken important steps to address the methane challenge across the oil and gas supply chain, putting it ahead of many other states. Earlier this year, Governor Tom Wolf proposed a multi-pronged strategy to reduce methane emissions from the state’s oil and gas sector, including best management practices to address pipeline leaks. But there’s more that can be done. “Pennsylvania should require more frequent leak surveys using state-of-the-art technology across the oil and gas supply chain, not just to find leaks, but also to measure them. That data should also be more accessible to both regulators and the public,” Krupp said. # # # Environmental Defense Fund (edf.org), a leading international nonprofit organization, creates transformational solutions to the most serious environmental problems. EDF links science, economics, law and innovative private-sector partnerships. Connect with us on EDF Voices, Twitter and Facebook. both Print Email to friend Stay informed Get updates and action alerts on environmental issues. Read our privacy policy. Donate now Main menu Home What we do How we work Our impact How you can help About us Blog About How you can help Blogs Jobs Media Publications & documents MyEDF Contact Signup for email alerts Read our privacy policy. EDF 257 Park Avenue South, New York, NY 10010 Donations/General Information (800) 684-3322 or email us Media contacts | Other contacts | About this site | Privacy policy Copyright © 2016 Environmental Defense Fund. All Rights Reserved. back to top
null
  Caracas, Sunday November 20,2016   Home | About us | Who's Who | Contacts | Help Search:  Venezuela Links Venezuela Overview Venezuelan Embassies & Consulates Around The World Sites/Blogs about Venezuela Venezuelan Newspapers Facts about Venezuela Venezuela Tourism Embassies in Caracas Colombia Links Colombia Overview Colombian Embassies & Consulates Around the World Government Links Embassies in Bogota Media Sites/Blogs about Colombia Educational Institutions Wall Street Stocks Commodity Prices Commodities Crude Oil US Gasoline Prices Natural Gas Gold Silver Copper Currencies Euro UK Pound Australia Dollar Canada Dollar Brazil Real Mexico Peso India Rupee Caribbean Antigua & Barbuda Aruba Barbados Cayman Islands Cuba Curacao Dominica Caribbean G-Z Grenada Haiti Jamaica Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Central America Belize Costa Rica El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Panama North America Bahamas Bermuda Mexico South America Argentina Brazil Chile Guyana Paraguay Peru Uruguay Follow Us What's New at LAHT? Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Most Viewed on the Web Popular on Twitter Receive Our Daily Headlines   HOME | Science, Nature & Technology South Korea Refuses Google Access to Official Mapping Data SEOUL  South Korea refused on Friday to grant permission to Google to use the official maps of the country, citing security concerns with neighboring North Korea. This means the companys Google Maps service in South Korea will continue operating with strict restrictions. South Korea based its decision on the National Security Law, established in 1947, which lays down strict restrictions to protect the country from North Korea. The countrys ministry of land, infrastructure and transport said in a statement that Google will continue offering its services without being able to use government mapping data due to security reasons over the ongoing conflict between South and North Korea. According to the ministry, Google did not accept Seouls petition to remove or blur important defense or government facilities on its maps, including military bases and the presidential Blue House, located north of the countrys capital. Google has been offering its Maps service in South Korea since 2008 although it does not include walking or driving directions or 3D maps. Local companies, including Naver and Daum and GPR operators have benefitted the most from the restrictions on Google as their websites and applications offer complete map services. The U.S. company has been requesting for permission to use government mapping data since 2010.   Enter your email address to subscribe to free headlines (and great cartoons so every email has a happy ending!) from the Latin American Herald Tribune:   RSS Feed [ Home ] [ About Us ] [ Who's Who ] [ Contacts ] [ Help ] Copyright Latin American Herald Tribune - 2005-2015 © All rights reserved
The Spoof News Spoof news homepage ☰ Spoof NewsNews US HeadlinesUS UK HeadlinesUK World NewsWorld EntertainmentGossip Science & TechSci Tech SportSport BusinessBusiness Magazine ☰ Spoof XtraMore Spoof news archive On this day Snippets Jokes Fake Celebrity Diaries Discussion forum ☰ WritersWriters Top writers chart Writer search A-Z of writers Become a writer Search🔍   Self Driving Car Crashes After Texting And Playing Pokemon Go Written by XRhonda Speaks Topics: Google, crash, Ralph Nader Monday, 17 October 2016 A Google self driving car crashed into a police station while texting and playing Pokemon Go. Self driving cars were supposed to usher in a safe new era of travel for everyone on the road, but in the latest failure of the technology, a Google car has crashed into a police station in Lakewood Co. After analyzing recorders in the car, Google engineers have determined that the car was distracted by texts and it's efforts to play Pokemon Go while mapping a Lakewood neighborhood. Public Affairs Coordinator Sgt. Souderland for the Lakewood Police Department talked to reporters at a press conference at LPD Headquarters. "Our new police headquarters as you can see sustained only minor damage to a curb thanks to post 9/11 improvements in building design. Thankfully the Google car did not hit any other cars or pedestrians." "Now there is a question as to why the car had access to text and Pokemon Go and we're talking to the Google people about this. Google has agreed to temporarily stop mapping until access to texting and gaming apps can be disabled on the self-driving cars." Consumer advocate Ralph Nader criticized LPD for never having written a ticket for texting and driving or distracted driving due to cellphone use, even though the laws have been on the books for years. Nader wrote in an Op-Ed piece for the Rocky Mountain News: "It's ironic that this police department asked Google to stop mapping their city until things like Pokemon Go are disabled on their autonomous cars, self driving cars are safer per mile than the best human drivers. Meanwhile the city of Lakewood like many police forces across the country, is ignoring the real danger of distracted driving and has yet to issue a single ticket for texting and driving or failure to use a hands free device. We know texting and driving is at epidemic proportions with as many as one out of five drivers at any one time driving while distracted by their phones. The NTSB has correlated an increase in accidents with an increase in distracted drivers over the last decade." Nader summed up his remarks calling for an outright ban on most phone activities while people are driving. "Even using hands free devices on your phone while driving will increase your chances of having an accident over 100 times, it's time for the NTSB to put the brakes on distracted driving." Make XRhonda Speaks's day - give this story five thumbs-up (there's no need to register, the thumbs are just down there!) The story above is a satire or parody. It is entirely fictitious. Do you dream of being a comedy news writer? Click here to be a writer! Follow @thespoof RSS Follow us on Twitter More by this writer Related Stories... Trump Defends His Newest Brand: Blind Trust™ 12 October 16 Is It Politically Correct to Swallow a Live Frog? 10 September 16 Google upgrades self-driving cars in New York with robotic hand to give the finger. 28 April 16 Google Googled Google Just To Ogle The Googles About Google. 03 September 15 Google Becomes Main Source Of Knowledge In Universe; God Steps Down. 09 May 15 Footage from colonoscopies to be added to Google Street View 13 March 15 IBM going the way of the T Rex? 27 January 15 Paxton on Paxton. How My Identity Was Stolen 25 January 15 Mailing List Get Spoof News in your email inbox! Email: What's 1 plus 3? 8 3 4 13 Shared Pick Read Rated Can't decide? Get a random spoof news story! You are here: Spoof News / Science & Technology / Self Driving Car Crashes After Texting And Playing Pokemon Go Discussion Forum Become a writer! 114 readers are online right now! email password Go to top Spoof news US Headlines World News Entertainment Science & Tech Sport Business Magazine   UK News Visit TheSpoof UK Spoof Xtra Snippets Jokes Fake celebrity diaries Caption competition More funny sites Get spoof news emails RSS Feeds Discussion forum Our writers Top writers chart Featured writer: Jeff Brone Become a spoof writer Writer search A-Z of writers Writers login   Follow us on Twitter Find us on Facebook Archive Search The Spoof Spoof news archive On this day Hot spoof news Random story About About The Spoof Site map Copyright © 2016 Spoof Media Ltd. All items on this website are fictitious. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental or is intended purely as a satire, parody or spoof. Please see our terms and conditions and disclaimer. We use cookies to give you the best experience, this includes cookies from third party websites and advertisers. ✔ Continue ? Find out more
Share 17 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say News 2016-11-20 Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 WWII Shipwrecks Vanish From Pacific Ocean: Sunken Dutch, British Warships, And A U.S. Submarine Mysteriously Disappear From Bottom Of Java Sea SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Android 7.0 Nougat Status Update For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, Note 5, And Tab S2 Mobile 17 0 0 November 18, 2016 Android 7.0 Nougat Status Update For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, Note 5, And Tab S2 Venus Montalbo After releasing the Android 7.0 Nougat beta update for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge owners who signed up for the Galaxy Beta Program, the South Korean tech conglomerate seems to be picking up the pace as it has reportedly started working on the development of the latest Google firmware for other Galaxy devices. Good news for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge users in China: the Galaxy Beta Program is now available in the country. Already rolled out to registered testers located in South Korea, U.S., and the U.K., Chinese owners of the 2016 Samsung flagship devices who wish to test out Google’s Android 7.0 Nougat update can already do so by applying for the beta program, according to GSM Arena’s post. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="375" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/GKdpHIycKb8?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> While the first build version of Android 7.0 Nougat beta update is now being released to Samsung Galaxy S7 lineup in China, Europe, on the other hand, is already getting the second test build for the latest Android iteration. It does not come with huge changes, though, as only minor bug fixes were discovered from the newest Nougat beta build, Phandroid reported. To be able to register for the beta program, a Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge owner needs to have an active Samsung account. After the application, make sure to download the Galaxy Beta Program app via the Samsung Members app or the Galaxy Apps. Take note, as well, that the Android Nougat beta update is not compatible with special edition models such as the Olympic Games Limited Edition and Injustice Edition, a previous Inquisitr report noted. [Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] Since the Android 7.0 Nougat update for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge is still in beta testing, it is only natural to expect performance issues and stability concerns during the process. One of the biggest known problems, so far, is that those with Samsung Gear VR cannot use their headset with their device. Explaining the problem, a post from VR Heads noted the following. “Basically, your Oculus app hasn’t been updated to support the newer version of Android on your phone. When the app on your phone tries to connect to the Oculus Store, the error you’re seeing stops the rest of the virtual environment from loading. There’s no way around this right now, and because Samsung’s Beta Program is not yet performance optimized it’s unlikely we’ll see an Oculus Services update to address this in the immediate future.” Unfortunately, the beta program offers no solution for the problem yet. If you want to continue using the Samsung Gear VR, the only way to do so is to go back to the latest stable version of the Samsung firmware, which will entail you first to deregister from the Galaxy Beta program. Meanwhile, owners of older Samsung Galaxy flagship models will be glad to know that there seems to be development on the status of Android 7.0 Nougat OS for their devices. For instance, Samsung is reportedly working now on the Nougat firmware for Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge models. The initial software version has a build number XXS5DPK7, as reported by Sam Mobile, but one should expect that it will change once the final firmware build rolls out for the 2015 Samsung flag bearers. [Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] In addition to Samsung Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, it looks like the Android Nougat update is already in the works for Samsung Galaxy Note 5 and the Galaxy Tab S2, according to a separate post from GSM Arena. Although Android Nougat firmware development for Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, S6, S6 Edge, Tab S2, and Note 5 is already ongoing, it is unlikely for the final mobile software builds to arrive soon as it may take months for the testing phase to complete. Unfortunately, those who are looking forward receiving the Nougat update before the year ends may be disappointed to know that the prevailing ballpark for the release schedule suggests that Samsung may roll out the latest Android firmware update in 2017, and this applies not only to previous Galaxy models, but also to the newest flagships, the S7 and S7 Edge models. [Featured Image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images] Now Read This: OnePlus 4 News And Rumors: Dual-Camera, All-Glass Monster To Face-Off With iPhone 8 Share 17 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Venus Montalbo Tags: android, Android Nougat, samsung, Samsung Galaxy Comments LATEST HEADLINES NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches Jana Duggar Still The Target Of Cruel Criticism And Rumors As Her Younger Sisters Court And Marry Off Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.4k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 872 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Obama Has Deported More Immigrants Than Trump Is Saying He Will 9.5k 0 0 Recent Headlines Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 3 0 0 Electoral Map 2016 Results: Will Michigan Soon Be Called For President-Elect Donald Trump? 0 0 0 Kylie Jenner Dissed By ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Champ After Wearing This 0 0 0 WWE News: Paul Heyman Reveals His Original Plans For Brock Lesnar At ‘Survivor Series’ And ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches 56 0 0 Jana Duggar Still The Target Of Cruel Criticism And Rumors As Her Younger Sisters Court And Marry Off 10 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu The Age World Subscribe Login Sign-up Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a The Age member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News AFL Business Politics World Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Sport Video All News Victoria News National Environment Health Education Investigations Photo Galleries Clique Photos Good Weekend NSW News ACT News Queensland WA News Sport AFL Ultimate Footy Cricket Soccer Racing Netball NRL Union Motorsport Basketball Tennis Scores Cycling Golf US Sports Athletics Boxing Swimming Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business World Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Politics Political News Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment Letters Editorial Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire The Zone Entertainment Movies TV & Radio Music Books Art Stage Melbourne Film Festival What's On in Melbourne Video Box Office Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Horoscopes Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Gadgets Games Smartphone Apps Mobiles IT Pro Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site Race to the White House Migrant Crisis Home World Race to the White House November 19 2016 Save Print US election shines light on fake news as the new reality Josephine Tovey Contact via Email Follow on Google Plus Follow on Twitter facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More In the lead-up to the US election, FBI director James Comey's letter about the agency looking into newly discovered emails related to the Hillary Clinton investigation dealt a significant blow to her campaign. But for many voters, the damning FBI intrigue only deepened from there. Hundreds of thousands of people on Facebook saw a shocking follow-up story: "FBI agent suspected in Hillary email leaks found dead in apparent murder-suicide". Don't Play Up Next Video duration 00:54 Twitter, Google, Facebook change policies Cancel Replay Replay Video Icon Player help icon More News Videos Previous slide Next slide Video duration 00:54 Twitter, Google, Facebook change policies Video duration 00:31 Train derails in India, killing dozens Video duration 01:27 Who are the Rohingya? Video duration 01:50 Pope warns of 'epidemic of animosity' Video duration 01:22 Mike Pence gets booed at Hamilton Video duration 01:11 Japan's Abe meets Trump in hastily arranged NY meeting Video duration 01:27 Trump settles Trump University fraud lawsuits Video duration 01:53 Trump administration appointees worry faith groups More videos Twitter, Google, Facebook change policies Online media giants are changing their policies to combat bullying and improve accuracy. The thing is, the second story was a complete fabrication, about a fictional FBI agent in a fictional American town and published on a fictional newspaper's website - "The Denver Guardian". But that didn't stop the story's spread: it was picked up by numerous other rogue websites and shared by outraged Americans on Facebook posting comments such as   "Wow two more to the Clinton body count!" and "Someone needs to stop that murdering witch!" In the election post-mortem, the role of Facebook and other online platforms has come under intense scrutiny. Its influence on our news consumption is well established: almost half of American adults (44 per cent) say they get news from Facebook, according to a Pew study. Related Content The most dangerous person on the planet isn't who you think Facebook v the facts in post-truth politics A familiar thread of critiques of Facebook is the "bubble" effect - people's social media feeds only exposing them to content they agree with from their like-minded friends and family, intensifying their beliefs and prejudices, and blinding them to others. But the other thread, which is gaining increasing attention, is what is proliferating inside some of these bubbles: fake news, usually with outrageous clickbait headlines, which is warping our sense of what is real and what isn't. Advertisement One analysis by Buzzfeed this week found engagement with the most popular fake news content -  such as the "Denver Guardian" story, or another one erroneously claiming Pope Francis had endorsed Trump - intensified significantly in the final three months of the election campaign, so much so that the engagement (measured by shares, reactions and comments) of the top 20 stories from fake sites surpassed that of the top 20 stories from major mainstream news websites. There were fake stories on both sides, but they overwhelmingly advantaged Trump - 17 of the top 20 stories were pro-Trump or anti-Clinton, the website found (Facebook responded to that analysis on Wednesday by saying despite the high levels of engagement for these 20 stories, they represented only a "tiny fraction" of the total on the platform.) Mark Zuckerberg, chief executive officer and founder of Facebook. Photo: Bloomberg One creator of viral hoaxes, Paul Horner, expressed some surprised to The Washington Post on Thursday that his bunkum work was so successful, and even picked up by members of the president-elect's campaign. "His campaign manager posted my story about a protester getting paid $3500 as fact. Like, I made that up. I posted a fake ad on Craigslist," said Horner. "I just wanted to make fun of that insane belief, but it took off. They actually believed it." Fake news stories abounded on Facebook in the US election campaign.  Facebook's chief executive and founder Mark Zuckerberg has publicly dismissed the notion that fake news on his platform had coloured the election. He told a tech conference last weekend that the notion fake news had influenced the election in "any way" was a "pretty crazy idea". But others in the industry have not been so certain. Google's chief executive Sundar Pichai told the BBC he was "not sure" if it had helped swing the election, which had extremely tight margins in some states, and asserted a willingness to address the issue. "It is a learning moment for us and we will definitely work to fix it," he said. Both Facebook and Google announced on Monday they would work to stop fake news websites from using their advertising services,  one step to remove the financial incentive for creating fake news in the first place. "Moving forward, we will restrict ad serving on pages that misrepresent, misstate or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher's content or the primary purpose of the web property," Andrea Faville, a Google spokeswoman, said in a statement to The New York Times. Dealing with the issue is complex though. For one, there are different types of news misleading the public - some news is wholly fake, designed to deceive and easy to debunk, like the dead FBI agent story, or the Pope's endorsement of Trump. Others are vague and unverified tales  - such as one this week about anti-Trump protesters preventing an ambulance from reaching a desperate man, a father of a four-year-old girl, who went on to die as a result. One of the many hyper-partisan right-wing websites that carried the story, AmericanNews.com, said supporters of Hillary Clinton "are on the streets putting the safety of all Americans in jeopardy". "They are doing more harm than good and they need to be stopped." But none of the websites carrying this story could say where it happened, or who the man was, citing a single screenshot of an anonymous post on Facebook as their source. Neither Fairfax, nor the fact-checking website Snopes, could find any correlating reports or information to verify it (AmericanNews.com did not respond to a request for comment). But the story has nevertheless flourished on Facebook, where it has been shared by thousands of people, riling supporters of the  president-elect in a country already on edge. There are also stories produced by sites that claim to be satire that are nevertheless taken seriously by many readers. The Burrard Street Journal, a Canadian website, make clear on its "about" page that it produces "satire and comedy" and that its stories are fiction, but its piece about Barack Obama refusing to leave office if Trump was elected was nevertheless picked up and shared as news by scores of other sites in September. And then of course, there's the issue of incorrect stories in the "mainstream media": fabricated stories in top-selling celebrity magazines about phantom pregnancies and engagements, or factual errors by major news organisations - a problem from which Fairfax is not immune, though at least it, like most reputable publications, will correct them.  Nevertheless, the pressure is on for Facebook to take far greater responsibility in cases where fake news is deliberate and clear cut. "When the company decided it wanted to reduce spam, it established a policy that limited its spread," Associate Professor Zeynep Tufekci, from University of North Carolina School of Information and Library Science, wrote in The New York Times this week. "If Facebook had the same kind of zeal about fake news, it could minimise its spread, too." This could include flagging or differentiating sites that produce fake news, she argued. "In addition to doing more to weed out lies and false propaganda, Facebook could tweak its algorithm so that it does less to reinforce users' existing beliefs, and more to present factual information," she wrote. "This may seem difficult, but perhaps the Silicon Valley billionaires who helped create this problem should take it on before setting out to colonise Mars." As Facebook grapples with this issue, Trump's election also presents an even greater challenge. Given that the president-elect's team has spread fake news before, and that he himself has actively peddled conspiracy theories - from the "birther" lie about Obama to insinuating Ted Cruz's father was involved in the JFK assassination - as he enters the White House, the relationship between what's real and what's fake in the news will grow ever more complex. Related Content Google moves to restrict ads on fake news sites Facebook influence questioned following election shock Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular For the first time in India, the rich beg the poor to help them If Trump wants to help whites without jobs, why must the black and brown pay? At least 119 killed in train derailment in India Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence Follow Fairfax Foreign Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow The Age Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide World Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence For the first time in India, the rich beg the poor to help them If Trump wants to help whites without jobs, why must the black and brown pay? Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia Fake news is the new reality The Age Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire: Inside the life of alleged bank attacker From senator to sawmill owner, the rise and rise of Ricky Muir Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence 'A fleeting taste of summer': Victoria expected to sizzle ... for a couple of days Rival groups rally in Melbourne as tragedy fuels tension The Sydney Morning Herald The suburb that Sydney left behind How I quit sugar and alcohol and became a better husband Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence X Factor's dire on-set conditions revealed Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia Brisbane Times Mum dead, son stable after Woolloongabba driveway accident Computer fault halts Movie World's Green Lantern ride X Factor's dire on-set conditions revealed Apple acknowledges existence of iPhone-bricking glitch Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia Canberra Times Russians retaliate: your car was old and rusty Family thanked for son's gift of life From senator to sawmill owner, the rise and rise of Ricky Muir How I quit sugar and alcohol and became a better husband 30,000 Canberrans ask the government to fix their streets WA Today WA leavers: - no booze - but here's 10,000 condoms Dunsborough man 'breaks dentures' after home caged in by building site Three women killed in horror weekend on West Australian roads X Factor's dire on-set conditions revealed Perth Stadium footbridge could now cost a whopping $70 million Get Started Subscribe today for unlimited access from only 50c a day The Age Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition The AGE for iPad Today's Paper Subscribe Manage My Subscription Subscriber Hub Corporate Subscriptions Digital Subscription FAQs Good Food Guide The Store by Fairfax Newsletters The Age Sitemap About Us Contact Us Subscribers Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2016Fairfax Media Website Feedback Info Save articles for later. Ok, Got it Info Subscribe for unlimited access to news. Login to save articles. Ok, Got it Info Return to the homepage by clicking on the site logo. Ok, Got it
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Mobile World FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Google Boasts Pixel Security, Says It's “Better, Faster, Stronger” GO For anyone doubting the safety of these devices Nov 19, 2016 01:48 GMT  ·  By Andrei Vlad  ·  Share:  Android has always been bashed on the matter of security and the things clearly won't improve in the immediate future. At least, not as long as software companies knowingly put backdoors inside Android phones without customers' consent. Although Google is trying to patch all the exploits and bugs that are discovered each month, currently it's almost impossible to make Android bulletproof when it comes to security. Nevertheless, Google's Nexus lineup has always been among the safest Android devices available on the market, and with the launch of the new Pixel phones, the search giant has boosted the security even further. According to a recent blog post, both Pixel smartphones benefit from enhanced encryption implementation, which is supposed to improve the user experience, performance, as well as the security of the device. There's a lot going on under Pixel's raw Android experience, especially when it comes to security and safety of data. Most of the new security features implemented in the Pixel phone are possible thanks to Android 7.0 Nougat, so they will possibly be added to other phones as well. The new Pixel phones are encrypted by default Google notes that the new Pixel and Pixel XL phones are encrypted by default. One of the many security features introduced in Nougat is the file-based encryption, which means different files are encrypted with different keys that can be unlocked independently. Also, the Pixel phones have been enhanced with TrustZone security. Basically, the most recent processor “provides a means to execute code in a mode than remains secure even if the kernel is compromised.” Android Nougat has introduced a new feature that allows all disk encryption keys to be stored encrypted with keys held by TrustZone software. Moreover, the Pixel phones benefit from an inline hardware encryption engine, which is supposed to allow them to write encrypted data at line speed to the flash memory. Be sure to check Google's blog post for more details on Pixel security. #Google Pixel#Android security#Pixel XL#Pixel smartphone#Android exploit subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers' Accounts for Reselling Them - Update Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China - Update Fans Rejoice, Google Launches Official Android Account on Instagram Google Pixel Gets Hacked in Less than One Minute, Apple's Safari in 20 Seconds Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked Kapustkiy Breaks into Indian Regional Council Server, 17,000 Users Exposed Microsoft Launches Windows Defender Hub for Windows 10 Michigan State University Hacked, Personal Info, Social Security Numbers Stolen New York Wants Donald Trump to Introduce Laws Forcing Apple to Hack iPhones Microsoft Xbox, PlayStation, Other Popular Twitter Accounts Hacked    Pixel smartphones new android apps Microsoft Band APK: Updated November 20th, 16:21 GMT Microsoft Classroom APK: Updated November 20th, 16:14 GMT Fingerprint Gestures APK: Updated November 20th, 16:11 GMT MileIQ APK: Updated November 20th, 16:09 GMT Facebook Messenger APK: Updated November 20th, 16:03 GMT MP3 Video Converter APK: Updated November 20th, 16:00 GMT MiXplorer APK: Updated November 20th, 12:45 GMT Reader comments Google Suspends Lots of Pixel Buyers' Accounts for Reselling Them - Update more on: Google Pixel i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
null
Trending: News All topics Video Slideshows DealPost Newsletter Resources/White Papers Search itworld Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Big Data Cloud Computing Mobile Security Virtualization All topics Browse by section News Reviews Videos DealPost Resources/White papers Stay connected Newsletters RSS × Close Home Operating Systems Android Android device updates: Google's Pixel and Pixel XL get Bluetooth fixes and other improvements T-Mobile's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge get the latest security patches while the Blu R1 HD adds T-Mobile band 12 and voice over LTE. By Derek Walter | Follow Greenbot | November 18, 2016 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Jason Cross More good reads Android device updates: AT&T Wi-Fi calling comes to Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android device updates: T-Mobile versions of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge get... Android device updates: Verizon Galaxy S7, S7 Edge get key updates, AT&T... DealPosts 23% off MagicFiber Microfiber Cleaning Cloths For Screens and Other Delicate... One of the many advantages of the Pixel is the direct line to Google for software updates. The phone got its first major set of new software recently, bringing forth some bug fixes and support for Google’s Daydream VR initiative. Each week, we round up all the major software updates to hit the Android ecosystem, including phones and tablets on U.S. carriers, unlocked phones, smartwatches, and Android TV devices. Making sure your device is running the latest available software is a good housekeeping practice, ensuring you have the latest features with fewer bugs and security holes. Google Pixel XL: An update is available for both Verizon’s Pixel and the unlocked version purchased directly from Google. Build NDE63X is for the Verizon model, and it improves message reliability when connected to your car’s Bluetooth, brings support for Daydream View, and adds New Mexico to the list of states when performing Wi-Fi calling setup. Google build NDE63V is rolling out for the unlocked model. It’s a pretty hefty update at just over 800MB, so expect to see a similar set of improvements.  Pixel: Verizon build NDE63X will bring the Bluetooth improvements, Daydream support, and other fixes that are also heading out to the Pixel XL. Google build NDE63X is what you’ll see on the unlocked version, which should be available in an over-the-air update. T-Mobile Galaxy S7: A T-Mobile update is available which brings the October and November security patches. Additionally, you’ll see a fix for random crashes, freezes, and improvements to domestic data roaming. Galaxy S7 Edge: The same set of improvements are also available in this T-Mobile update: security patches, fixes for crashing and freezing, and more reliable domestic data roaming. Blu R1 HD: This phone got attention for all the wrong reasons this week, as it was revealed that secret software was sending data overseas. The company behind it, Adups, has since issued an apology and said any data has been deleted. There’s at least some good news today for those with this phone, as an update brings support for T-Mobile’s LTE band 12 and Voice over LTE integration. This story, "Android device updates: Google's Pixel and Pixel XL get Bluetooth fixes and other improvements" was originally published by Greenbot. Related: Android Google Pixel Verizon OnePlus Android Nougat Derek Walter is a freelance technology writer based in Northern California. He is the author of Learning MIT App Inventor, a hands-on guide to building your own Android apps. ITWorld DealPost: The best in tech deals and discounts. Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like The hit list 10 resume do’s and don’ts for developers Recruiters and hiring managers reveal what makes a candidate stand out -- or fall flat Awesome tech gifts that cost $50 or less 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter Go 8 awesome gifts for PC gamers Shop with confidence for your PC gamer this holiday season with gifts that won't break the bank. Awesome tech gifts that cost $25 or less Tech gifts don't have to break the bank. We've assembled our favorite picks for under $25 that will... Resources White Paper How SD-Wan Can Future-Proof Your Operations White Paper API Security Checklist White Paper Brand Loyalty in the Digital Age eBook Sponsored CIOs: Don't Let Your Business Fall into the Digital Divide White Paper Turning Strategy into Reality Means Putting APIs First Go Amazon Discounts Kindle E-Readers Up To $30 Through 11/28 - Deal Alert Amazon is offering up to 36% off various popular Kindle e-readers, but the deal ends tonight, November... Best Black Friday 2016 Windows deals Microsoft, Best Buy, Staples and other retailers roll out the Windows laptop and tablet offers for... How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Before, only academic supergeeks tracked and recorded everything to achieve a photographic memory. But... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University ITworld Follow us Big Data Cloud Computing Mobile Security Virtualization News Resources Newsletters About Us Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2016 IDG Enterprise. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Date: Log InSubscribeAdvertiseAbout UsContactArchives Home News Business National Review Opinion Op-Ed Editorial Letters Sports Lifestyles Health & Wellness Education Pulse Arts & Culture Spice 2014 Hurricane Supplement Home & Fashion Religion Obituaries Today's News RBC collaborates with Fortune 500 technology company to build business Published: Nov 18, 2016 Share This: Rate this article: Add To favourite On Thursday, October 27, RBC Royal Bank collaborated with Google on a diversity and inclusion initiative titled Accelerate with Google to share with the business community the benefits and possibilities of leveraging technology. In a one-day seminar featuring two sessions conducted by the Google team, over 60 large and small business clients were introduced to RBC products and services in tandem with Google options that can maximize business profit. “Today, our clients have gained value through new knowledge and information on how to become more visible via online mediums. This will lead to them gaining more clients, as we purpose to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. RBC is pleased to have partnered with the team at Google, to offer this invaluable information to those in attendance,” said Nathaniel Beneby, managing director, RBC Royal Bank, Northern Caribbean. The seminar opened the door for business owners to work with an RBC officer to find a cheaper and more efficient distribution chain for products and services through the bank’s e-commerce services. E-commerce is full of potential in terms of reducing administrative costs from in-store traffic while potentially increasing sales from customers who do not have the time or ability to visit a physical store. E-commerce is the ability to buy and sell goods online. According to statista.com, some 41 percent of global Internet users having purchased products online in 2013. As of 2015, online shopping is thriving in China, Germany, India, Brazil and the United Kingdom. Royal Bank hopes to make The Bahamas and the Caribbean at large the next thriving center for e-commerce. Wayne Johnson, a seminar attendee and small business owner, thought the event was critical to taking e-commerce to the next level. “It’s so important that we see e-commerce outside of gaming and this forum allowed us business owners to do that,” he said. His sentiments were echoed by Inderia Saunders, owner of Indi Media, a public relations consultancy with clients across The Bahamas and the Caribbean, found the information presented helpful. “As an entrepreneur I’d like to take my business and that of my clients from regional to global. Events like this provide a step-by-step guide that connects the dots that make that transition possible. Working with Google tools allows businesses to move from potential to profit by exposing businesses to clients. Google is the well-known Internet search engine that has provided information to the world for the past 18 years. What many people do not know is that the powerful platform can allow businesses to be seen by people all over the world by simply using other Google products, many of which are free. Kristie Powell, senior technical account manager, a Bahamian employed by Google Inc., led her colleagues in presenting three Google platforms to RBC business customers that could take their companies to the next level including Google My Business, Google AdWords and Google Analytics. Google My Business is a free and easy-to-use tool for businesses, brands, artists, and organizations to manage their online presence across Google, including Search and Maps. By verifying and editing your business information, brands can help customers find them while telling them the story of your business. AdWords is an advertising service by Google for businesses wanting to display ads on Google and its advertising network. The AdWords program enables businesses to set a budget for advertising and only pay when people click the ads. Google Analytics is a free web service offers by Google that tracks and reports website traffic so that businesses can be better informed about customers and the way they interact with products. In an open panel discussion with the Google team following the formal presentation, attendees also learned about other products including AdSense, and Google trends all with the singular goal of improving business. RBC prides itself on helping clients thrive and communities prosper be offering competitive, cutting edge e-commerce services that allow businesses to be competitive. Digitally enabled bank management is one of the many things that can help small business build and thrive. Once businesses thrive, RBC is certain the community will prosper, Google it. Add comment Comments Name:  Email:  Submit Note: Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. The Nassau Guardian reserves the right not to publish comments that may be deemed libelous, derogatory or indecent. Refresh Last Updated on Saturday, 19 November 2016 00:10   Work for us Community Relations Corrections/Suggestions Contact The Nassau Guardian Make us your homepage Events About Us Newsletter & alerts . Quick Links Home News Business National Review Opinion Sports Lifestyles Religion Obituaries Today's News TNG LinksAdvertise with usHelpContact UsPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsSite Map © 2016 The Nassau Guardian. All Rights Reserved.
null
MENU GO 33 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience CIRCA more... News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience CIRCA Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Deer Hunt 2016 Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips The Better Half On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers Public School Experience CIRCA Experts concerned over surge of fake news stories during election by Leandra Bernstein FILE - In this Sept. 16, 2016, file photo, Lisa Gao, from Chicago, compares a new jet black iPhone 7, right, with her iPhone 6 at an Apple Store in Chicago. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato, File) AA The last election has been described as one of the most divisive in American history. Voters were overwhelmed with headlines every day and exposed to candidates' statements that were sometimes stranger than fiction. At the same time they were also bombarded over social media with fake news stories designed as irresistible hyper-partisan clickbait. There is some skepticism over how much the fake news influenced Donald Trump's victory over Hillary Clinton, but according to media experts, the phenomenon is impacting American democracy. Earlier this week, Buzzfeed published its own shocking election results showing how social media users engaged more with election news stories posted on fraudulent news sites, than stories carried by traditional news outlets in the final months before the election. According to data obtained from Facebook, the 20 top-performing false election stories generated more than 8.7 million shares, reactions and comments compared to 7.36 million engagements on the 20 best-performing election stories from major news media outlets. Facebook shares of fake news stories stayed relatively low throughout the primary election, but hit a near exponential rise after the Republican and Democratic conventions. "This was the social media election," said Joseph Mazer, director of the social media program at the University of Clemson. After seeing the recent surge in patently false stories, Mazer noted that social media companies need to be doing more to ensure that their platforms are not used to spread disinformation that ultimately impacts the democratic process. The perceptions created by the fake stories, Mazer said, are "really influencing the vote, and its influencing the democracy." This week, tech giants Facebook and Google announced they were updating their policies to effectively cut off advertising revenue going to fraudulent news sites. Facebook's terms of use already prohibit the use of misleading or inaccurate information to "artificially collect likes, followers, or shares," and on Monday it updated its Audience Network Policy to discourage ad placements in apps or sites containing "fake news." Google also moved to ban fake news sites from using its ad-selling software, AdSense, to raise revenue. Reducing the appeal of cash-for-clicks on fake sites could clearly begin to put a dent in the problem, especially as some internet content producers report making up to $10,000 per month producing irresistible political clickbait. Overseas, there have been reports of Macedonian youth earning as much as $5,000 per week churning out pro-Donald Trump posts, an issue that has raised questions about the role fake news played in the last election. During a Thursday news conference in Berlin, President Barack Obama responded to the flood of fraudulent election news, saying that "if we can't discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems." He further warned that if members of the public are unable to engage in discourse beyond absolutist views, "then democracy will break down." Svetlana Mincheva, programs director at the National Coalition Against Censorship, emphasized that there are important questions and concerns about how social media is impacting how the public consumes news and American democracy more broadly. "This is not a small blip in the history of democracy and how we share information and how we talk about politics, this is a sea change," Mincheva said. According to Mincheva, banning sites or shutting down social media accounts is not a reasonable response to the digital age of democracy, especially if it means rolling back one of social media's most positive contributions, citizen journalism. "Censorship is a blunt tool," she said. "Anytime it comes to suppressing information, to credentialing websites, to banning websites, the question is who decides?" The rise of misinformation masquerading as news has implications in the world of journalism, where accuracy, facts, and objectivity are still considered to be the purpose of the profession. President of the National Press Club, Thomas Burr, described the phenomenon as "disturbing" stating that manufacturing fake news "contradicts the very notion of objective journalism." The ability to discern real news from fake news depends on an actively engaged media consumer, willing to check multiple sources. It is a tall order in an era where consumers can customize their news feeds to reflect the views they want to hear. In a 2016 study, Pew Research Center found that two-thirds of adult Facebook users get their news from that social media platform, which in a broader sense amounts to 44 percent of the population. With the option to adjust a few settings, a Facebook or Google user can watch his or her candidate win every news cycle. According to Mazer, companies like Facebook may want to consider "some kind of gate keeping role," similar to a traditional news editor, to look at how to "screen and detect and rate the accuracy of social content" as it come through. "When we look to the presidential race of 2020, I would hope by that time, social media platforms would have advanced to include some type of fact-checking device or mechanism in the platform to prevent the spread of false information," Mazer suggested. Other possibilities for reducing fake news might including a rating system, evaluating the reliability of the source of content. One media professor at Merrimack College in Massachusetts thought she had a way to help readers analyze the news and published a Google Doc identifying fake news sites. Melissa Zimdars's document began by advising readers to watch out for fake versions of real news sites that end in ".com.co," and always check for author attribution. But she went on to include a kind of hit list of "False, Misleading, Clickbait-y, and Satirical 'News' Sources," which included popular alt-right outlets like The Blaze and Breitbart News. Breitbart's chairman Steve Bannon was just named chief strategist to President-elect Donald Trump. Zimdars took down the list after the she and her colleagues said they received numerous threats. Within the massive information space, one person's trash is another person's news. One outlet produces propaganda and another uses editorial discretion. President Obama has characterized the problem of having a standard baseline of facts for public discourse at a time when the media is "splintered," and polarized groups “almost occupy two different realities in how they see the world.” Media and communications professor at New York University Mark Crispin Miller expressed his own skepticism over not just the false information masquerading as news, but traditional media outlets as well. "'Fake news' is a serious concern of course, but I see a far graver danger in the 'fake news' churned out by the mainstream press itself," Miller said. Often when a new problem arises that involves technology, whether it's online scams or cybersecurity, experts propose technical fixes for very human problems. One of the best fixes for cybersecurity isn't necessarily a firewall, it's not clicking on the pirated movie download. One of the best solutions to curb the influence of fake news, according to each expert cited above, is an informed consumer of that news. Thomas Jefferson was quoted as saying, "An educated citizenry is a vital requisite for our survival as a free people." According to the The Thomas Jefferson Foundation, which manages Jefferson's property and produces extensive studies of his life and work, the third President of the United States never actually said that. close News In Pictures Deer Hunt 2016: Opening day brings cold, snow, and wind Green Bay celebrates annual holiday parade Deer Hunt 2016: Old photograph documents a season to remember [GALLERY] Hottest toys of the holiday season Trending 1   Documents: 'Deadliest Catch' star suffered broken skull 2   Grandfather of 3-year-old wants social workers held criminally responsible for her death 3   Deer Hunt 2016: Opening day brings cold, snow, and wind 4   Police: Missing Kansas newborn found in Dallas; 2 in custody 5   Packers sign Bradford; waive Perillo DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLUK Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Documents: 'Deadliest Catch' star suffered broken skull 2 Grandfather of 3-year-old wants social workers held criminally responsible for her death 3 Deer Hunt 2016: Opening day brings cold, snow, and wind 4 Police: Missing Kansas newborn found in Dallas; 2 in custody 5 Packers sign Bradford; waive Perillo 6 2016 FOX 11 Football Challenge 7 What's next for Steven Avery, Brendan Dassey? 8 2016 Downtown Neenah Prize Package Giveaway 9 Green Bay celebrates annual holiday parade 10 Deer Hunt 2016: Old photograph documents a season to remember
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News Top Stocks to Buy in Augmented Reality Fox News Fox Business News Top Stocks to Buy in Augmented Reality By Leo Sun - November 18, 2016 67 The market for augmented reality apps and devices, which superimpose digital objects over real world ones, could grow from practically nothing todayto $90 billion by 2020, according to tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital. Continue Reading Below After early blunders like Alphabet‘s (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google Glass, the AR market recently gained mainstream momentum with the popularity of Niantic’s Pokemon Go — which prompted many investors to seek out AR-related stocks. Image source: Getty Images. Most “pure play” AR companies are start-ups instead of publicly traded companies. However, there are still a few ways that investors can gain valuable exposure to the AR market via bigger tech companies. Let’s examine four such companies — Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), Intel (NASDAQ: INTC), Google, and STMicroelectronics (NYSE: STM). More From Fool.com Microsoft Microsoft’s HoloLens can project 3D Minecraft on table tops, project interactive holograms of 3D designs for graphic and industrial designers, and even “teleport” anotherperson’s full-body hologram into your room. Several major partners, including Lowe‘s and Volvo, already use HoloLens to showcase their products inaugmented reality. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Microsoft’s HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft’s upcoming Windows 10 Creator Update will add 3D image capture and editing tools to the OS, which will enable artists and developers to create 3D objects which can be viewed in HoloLens and itsupcoming VR headsets. Microsoft claims that the tools will be so user-friendly that 12-year-olds can create their own holograms. However, the developer version of HoloLens still costs $3,000 — indicating that it won’t become a mainstream gadget anytime soon. Intel Intel’s major play on AR is Project Alloy, a reference design for AR headsets similar to the HoloLens. The device ispowered by Intel’s sixth generation Core processor and its RealSense depth-sensing cameras. Unlike HoloLens, Project Alloy doesn’t need to be tethered to a PC. By offering this reference design to OEMs that want to quickly release AR headsets, Intel could widen its moat against challengers like Qualcomm. Intel’s Project Alloy. Image source: Intel. Intel is also investing heavily in the computer vision technologies, which AR apps, drones, and autonomous cars need to “see” obstacles. It acquired computer vision companies Itseez and Movidius overthe past year, which could enhance the ability of its RealSense cameras to identify objects and surfaces. Google Google has noticed the game-changing potential of Intel’s RealSense cameras in the AR market. Earlier this year, it partnered with Intel to develop Project Tango, a platform whichenables smartphones and tablets to identify real-world objects with the RealSense camera and project AR overlays on them. For example, a user looking through a Project Tango display could change the walls and floors of a real room, or put virtual masks and costumes on nearby people. We haven’t heard much about Project Tango since then, but many industry watchers have suggested that the project could be merged with its newVR platform Daydream. Google has also invested heavily in Magic Leap, an AR start-up which is reportedly developing a mixed reality headset akin to the HoloLens. It’s still unclear how all these pieces will come together, but Google will likely adopt a more cautious strategy after Glass flopped due to its awkward appearance, pricing issues, and privacy concerns. STMicroelectronics STMicroelectronics manufactures a wide variety of chips for connected cars, wearables, and Internet of Things gadgets. It also makes motion sensors (accelerometers and gyroscopes) for smartphones and tablets. STMicro lost ground in motion sensors to its smaller rival InvenSenseover the past few years, but itrecently launched an ultra-low power 6-axis gyroscope and accelerometer combo device designed specifically for VR and AR devices. The device has already been certified for use with both the Project Tango and Daydream platforms. As the AR and VR markets grow, rising demand for more motion sensors should enable STMicro to leverage its scale and offer its sensors at lower prices than InvenSense. STMicro is also heavily invested in the computer vision market — it manufactures ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) leader Mobileye‘sEyeQ computer vision chips, andproduces LIDAR technologies for autonomous driving, AR, and VR uses with Microvision. The key takeaways Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro all represent interesting ways to gain exposure to the AR market, but investors should note that they won’t represent major sources of revenue for these companies yet. But if the market takes off over the next few years, all four companies could reap some big rewards. Forget the 2016 Election: 10 stocks we like better than Microsoft Donald Trump was just elected president, and volatility is up. But here’s why you should ignore the election: Investing geniuses Tom and David Gardner have spent a long time beating the market no matter who’s in the White House. In fact, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now and Microsoft wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleJudge: Mom&#039;s confession in sons&#039; deaths can be used at trial Next articleInstant Analysis: Expedia&#039;s Trivago Files for IPO Leo Sun RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton How Will a Trump Presidency Affect Tesla? 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know How Close Is Facebook to Monetizing Messenger and WhatsApp? What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Top Stocks to Buy in Augmented Reality Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro could all benefit from the growth of the augmented reality market. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Nov 18, 2016 at 7:07PM The market for augmented reality apps and devices, which superimpose digital objects over real world ones, could grow from practically nothing today to $90 billion by 2020, according to tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital. After early blunders like Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Glass, the AR market recently gained mainstream momentum with the popularity of Niantic's Pokemon Go -- which prompted many investors to seek out AR-related stocks. Image source: Getty Images. Most "pure play" AR companies are start-ups instead of publicly traded companies. However, there are still a few ways that investors can gain valuable exposure to the AR market via bigger tech companies. Let's examine four such companies -- Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Google, and STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM). Microsoft Microsoft's HoloLens can project 3D Minecraft on table tops, project interactive holograms of 3D designs for graphic and industrial designers, and even "teleport" another person's full-body hologram into your room. Several major partners, including Lowe's and Volvo, already use HoloLens to showcase their products in augmented reality. Microsoft's HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft. Microsoft's upcoming Windows 10 Creator Update will add 3D image capture and editing tools to the OS, which will enable artists and developers to create 3D objects which can be viewed in HoloLens and its upcoming VR headsets. Microsoft claims that the tools will be so user-friendly that 12-year-olds can create their own holograms. However, the developer version of HoloLens still costs $3,000 -- indicating that it won't become a mainstream gadget anytime soon. Intel Intel's major play on AR is Project Alloy, a reference design for AR headsets similar to the HoloLens. The device is powered by Intel's sixth generation Core processor and its RealSense depth-sensing cameras. Unlike HoloLens, Project Alloy doesn't need to be tethered to a PC. By offering this reference design to OEMs that want to quickly release AR headsets, Intel could widen its moat against challengers like Qualcomm. Intel's Project Alloy. Image source: Intel. Intel is also investing heavily in the computer vision technologies, which AR apps, drones, and autonomous cars need to "see" obstacles. It acquired computer vision companies Itseez and Movidius over the past year, which could enhance the ability of its RealSense cameras to identify objects and surfaces. Google Google has noticed the game-changing potential of Intel's RealSense cameras in the AR market. Earlier this year, it partnered with Intel to develop Project Tango, a platform which enables smartphones and tablets to identify real-world objects with the RealSense camera and project AR overlays on them. For example, a user looking through a Project Tango display could change the walls and floors of a real room, or put virtual masks and costumes on nearby people. We haven't heard much about Project Tango since then, but many industry watchers have suggested that the project could be merged with its new VR platform Daydream. Google has also invested heavily in Magic Leap, an AR start-up which is reportedly developing a mixed reality headset akin to the HoloLens. It's still unclear how all these pieces will come together, but Google will likely adopt a more cautious strategy after Glass flopped due to its awkward appearance, pricing issues, and privacy concerns. STMicroelectronics STMicroelectronics manufactures a wide variety of chips for connected cars, wearables, and Internet of Things gadgets. It also makes motion sensors (accelerometers and gyroscopes) for smartphones and tablets. STMicro lost ground in motion sensors to its smaller rival InvenSense over the past few years, but it recently launched an ultra-low power 6-axis gyroscope and accelerometer combo device designed specifically for VR and AR devices. The device has already been certified for use with both the Project Tango and Daydream platforms. As the AR and VR markets grow, rising demand for more motion sensors should enable STMicro to leverage its scale and offer its sensors at lower prices than InvenSense. STMicro is also heavily invested in the computer vision market -- it manufactures ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) leader Mobileye's EyeQ computer vision chips, and produces LIDAR technologies for autonomous driving, AR, and VR uses with Microvision. The key takeaways Microsoft, Intel, Google, and STMicro all represent interesting ways to gain exposure to the AR market, but investors should note that they won't represent major sources of revenue for these companies yet. But if the market takes off over the next few years, all four companies could reap some big rewards. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 7:07PM Technology and Telecom Stocks STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $9.42 up $0.15 (1.62%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $775.97 down $-10.19 (-1.30%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.95 down $0.07 (-0.20%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $60.35 down $0.29 (-0.48%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $760.54 down $-10.69 (-1.39%) Read More Should Microsoft Buy Fitbit? The Biggest Flops in Microsoft's History Microsoft Stock Surges Higher, but I'm Not Buying the Hype 2 Special Dividend Stocks For 2017 Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
SearchCIO Search the TechTarget Network Sign-up now. Start my free, unlimited access. Login SearchCIO SearchCompliance SearchHealthIT SearchCloudComputing SearchMobileComputing SearchDataCenter Topic Leadership and planning CIO mission View All CIO and IT salaries Career development Contracting and legal Outsourcing IT governance Vertical industries IT budgeting Staff development/retention Vendor management ROI Small-business IT strategy CIO mission View All CIO and IT salaries Career development Contracting and legal Outsourcing IT governance Vertical industries IT budgeting Staff development/retention Vendor management Leadership and planning ROI Small-business IT strategy Cloud computing View All Cybersecurity View All Data privacy Security management GRC Digital business transformation View All Bimodal IT Business automation and BPM Digital business Application development and DevOps AI ITIL and ITSM IoT Project management BI and big data View All Mobile strategy View All Apps, infrastructure and operations View All Applications Collaboration Data storage management Business continuity and disaster recovery Network management Systems management IT procurement Small-business infrastructure and operations Topics Archive View All Please select a category CIO mission Cloud computing Cybersecurity Digital business transformation BI and big data Mobile strategy Apps, infrastructure and operations Section All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Sponsored Communities Searchlight News Roundup MIT CFO Summit: A lesson in change from GE CFO by Brian Holak Associate Site Editor The message from the MIT CFO Summit: Get out of the office and embrace change. Also in Searchlight: Facebook and Google crack down on fake news; cloud boom expected. This Article Covers Leadership and planning RELATED TOPICS CIO and IT salaries Career development Contracting and legal Outsourcing IT governance Vertical industries Looking for something else? Gartner Symposium roundup: Mastering leadership in a digital ecosystem Part techie, part people person? You're a business technologist Patriots' digital transformation strategy taps mobile, social, AR + Show More Sections Share this item with your network: Related Content Change is the only constant in the digital age, says ... – SearchCIO The road to innovation is paved with questions – SearchCIO CIOs increasingly at nexus of risk management and ... – SearchCIO Vendor Resources Accenture Technology Vision 2016 –ComputerWeekly.com Computer Weekly 13 September 2011: Download this week's issue of the UK's ... –ComputerWeekly.com CIO Decisions E-zine – December 2015 –SearchCIO.com The Intelligent Campus LAN –Juniper Networks, Inc. At this week's MIT CFO Summit, Jeff Bornstein, SVP and CFO at General Electric Company, said he is no stranger to being wrong, uncomfortable and quiet -- situations that Hal Gregersen, executive director at the MIT Leadership Center, said are at the heart of being a successful business leader. Gregersen said those situations -- allowing yourself to be surprised, getting out of your comfort zone and taking time to listen instead of talk -- unlock unexpected insights that help business executives ask the right questions and be better leaders. "If we do not systematically put ourselves in these kinds of situations -- especially outside of headquarters, outside of our office, with people who are not like us and in places that we're not normally in -- we will not find the surprising, unexpected information that will open up the future for us and our company," Gregersen said during his MIT CFO Summit keynote. A veiled allusion to the recent presidential election? Maybe. But, as Gregersen's interview with GE's Bornstein made clear, there's lots of disruption to go around in the workplace where technology is undercutting traditional business models it seems on a daily basis. Ch-ch-ch-ch-changes Bornstein is seeing change at all levels of GE. Historically, it was very rare for GE to hire outside the company for an upper-level management or "officer" position, he said. Now, it happens all the time. The company has also had to hire massive amounts of new, younger talent to keep up with the industry's changing demands. This includes people from acqui-hires, as well as from Apple and Google who bring skills like machine learning and AI. "[New employees] come from a very different place than where a traditional GE employee comes from, with very different experiences -- both professionally and [in terms of] life experiences -- and it's very quickly changing the culture of the company," Bornstein said. Compensation systems are changing, as is the dress code -- Bornstein told the room of suits that he wears jeans to the office these days. So is the pace of workflow and how the company thinks about and describes success. Bornstein says these changes are all for the better, opening up GE to a completely different way of thinking and problem solving. But the change in workplace culture is not without its challenges. Reconciling the new and the traditional has become Bornstein's latest CFO imperative. "My challenge is how I get mid-career and late-career people to walk across the bridge and understand enough about technology and where technology is going, so that they can ask the right questions -- or maybe more importantly, they're not getting in the way of the people who do understand…that they're not a barrier," he said. He thinks 50% of people will never get across that bridge -- something he'll have to address. Meshing together different outlooks, contexts, intellects and problem-solving methods at this modern GE may not always be easy, but it is paying off. "We do our best work at GE when we have cross-functional, mission-based teams that are focused on answering one question," Bornstein said. "And the question has to have absolute clarity….when you do that, you get magic." Staying relevant in the digital age Part of GE's success is owed to its ability to course-correct. Not so long ago, GE itself was "a decade behind technologically," and the architectural backbone of the company was not even close to where it needed to be, Bornstein recalled. He said the threat of disintermediation was real. That's when they asked themselves the question, "How do we use software and technologies like deep machine learning, artificial intelligence and additive manufacturing to drive more value." That line of questioning led Bornstein and the company to develop an industrial internet platform, Predix, which "improves productivity at a system level" by allowing "assets to communicate and digest data, use algorithms and get differentiated insights," he said. Whether Predix will become the go-to platform for the world's industrial space remains to be seen, but GE's journey to this moment speaks to the importance of not only asking the right questions, but also the ability to adapt. Whether from digitization, AI or 3D printing -- which he said will massively disrupt how business in the industrial internet is done -- your company's business model is not only constantly changing, but also constantly under siege. "Our biggest challenge is how, as CFOs, we stay on top of these trends, stay on top of these emerging technologies, stay on top of threats to your business model and how do we use all of this technology to run a better shop," he said. That goes for CIOs too. CIO news roundup for week of Nov. 14 The CFO Summit wasn't the only big story. Here's what else was happening in the world of technology this week. Fake news. Facebook and Google announced this week they have updated their policies to ban fake news websites from generating revenue through their advertising networks. Facebook banned fake news sites from its Facebook Audience Network and updated the policy which now reads, "Don't integrate or display ads in apps or sites containing content that is illegal, misleading or deceptive, or that promotes … fake news or anything that falls within any other categories that are prohibited by the Facebook Community Standards." The policy update comes in the wake of Facebook being criticized for not banning fake news from the social networking site during the U.S. presidential elections. Google came under fire after a false story claiming Donald Trump won the popular vote recently ranked first on Google search results for "final election vote count 2016." The search giant banned fake news sites from Google's ad-selling software and will prevent Google ads from being placed "on pages that misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher's content, or the primary purpose" of the website, The Wall Street Journal reported. Cloud boom. Annual global cloud traffic is expected to reach 14.1 ZB per year by 2020, up from 3.9 ZB per year in 2015, according to Cisco's Global Cloud Index report. Public cloud growth rates are expected to grow 35% CAGR from 2015 to 2020, compared to a 15% CAGR for private cloud. "In the six years of this study, cloud computing has advanced from an emerging technology to an essential scalable and flexible part of architecture for service providers of all types around the globe," Doug Webster, vice president of Service Provider Marketing at Cisco, said in a statement. By 2020, 92% of workloads will be processed by cloud data centers and 68% of the cloud workloads will be in public cloud data centers, Cisco predicted. Technology professionals wary of AR benefits. A recent global survey by business technology and cybersecurity association ISACA revealed AR adoption rates are slow among enterprises and that consumers are more positive about the benefits of AR than IT professionals. Only 21% of the 6,600 technology professionals and businesses surveyed believe that the benefits of AR outweigh the security risks and 63% said their organizations lack policies to address the use of AR apps, the study found. "We expect to see these numbers change in the very near future as businesses begin to view AR as a valuable technology that can deliver positive business outcomes, such as improving training, education, marketing and customer experience," Rob Clyde, board director of ISACA and executive advisor at BullGuard Software, said in a statement. Samsung moves into connected cars space. Samsung is set to acquire Connecticut-based car-infotainment and audio company Harman International Industries in a deal valued at $8 billion. The South Korea-based conglomerate, which was in the spotlight due to its Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, believes the deal will help Samsung create a significant presence for itself in the rapidly growing auto technology market. "Working together, we are confident that Harman can become a new kind of Tier 1 provider to the OEMs by delivering end-to-end solutions across the connected ecosystem," Young Sohn, president and chief strategy officer of Samsung Electronics, said in a statement. Assistant editor Mekhala Roy contributed to this week's news roundup. Next Steps Check out our previous Searchlight roundups on what Trump's win says about data analytics, the Microsoft Teams collaboration tool,  Microsoft's foray into immersive computing and Gartner's recent CIO Symposium in Florida. Dig Deeper on Leadership and strategic planning All News Get Started Evaluate Manage Problem Solve Gartner Symposium roundup: Mastering leadership in a digital ecosystem Digitalizing business: The difference two letters can make A step ahead of profs, staff in higher-ed tech Tech talk, hoofing it and diversion at Gartner Symposium 2016 Load More View All Gartner Symposium roundup: Mastering leadership in a digital ecosystem Digitalizing business: The difference two letters can make A step ahead of profs, staff in higher-ed tech Tech talk, hoofing it and diversion at Gartner Symposium 2016 Load More View All News strategic planning strategic innovation CIO Leadership Award winner practices three types of innovation Business and IT alignment gets physical at Avnet Load More View All Get started IT mindset: CIOs, tech departments work to overcome the 'IKEA effect' Stop procrastinating, become a change agent Changes in CISO responsibilities call for new reporting structure Bus stop app for visually impaired got start on the street Load More View All Evaluate IT mindset: CIOs, tech departments work to overcome the 'IKEA effect' Stop procrastinating, become a change agent Changes in CISO responsibilities call for new reporting structure Nationwide CIO: A new Lean management system saves $28 million Load More View All Manage Delegator vs. micromanager: What kind of boss are you? Five IT leaders take on the challenge of digital transformation From tech supplier to IT service provider, a CIO makes the 'big switch' Integrating hybrid systems? It's now a core IT service Load More View All Problem solve PRO+ Content Find more PRO+ content and other member only offers, here. E-Zine Google Apps for Work vs. Office 365 E-Handbook Building a layered enterprise mobile security strategy E-Zine The key steps to launching blockchain implementations Brian Holak asks: How good is your CFO at listening? Join the Discussion Join the conversation 1 comment Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  [-] Brian Holak - 18 Nov 2016 5:38 PM How good is your CFO at listening? Add My Comment Cancel   -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources Compliance Health IT Cloud Computing Mobile Computing Data Center SearchCompliance Mitigating insider threats remains a major cyber concern Expert panelists at the Cambridge Cyber Summit briefed the audience on some of the steps that organizations should implement for ... Lack of cybersecurity standards leaves election process vulnerable Hackers continue to exploit vulnerabilities in the U.S. political technology, highlighting the need for cybersecurity standards ... FAQ: What are the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield compliance requirements? In this SearchCompliance FAQ, learn details about how the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield data protection requirements strive to raise ... SearchHealthIT Apple Watch tracking app guides CEO of health IT firm on fitness runs The CEO of a secure clinical communications vendor uses his Apple Watch to track fitness runs, but is moving slowly on his ... Mobile ultrasound scanner joins ecosystem of connected health devices As mobile devices in healthcare proliferate, clinicians are using mobile diagnostic tools, like hand-held ultrasound scanners, to... Investor steers venture capital for healthcare to proven technologies In choosing investments, a health IT venture capitalist looked for technologies with proven outcomes, not just pilot studies, ... SearchCloudComputing Managing a cloud resource pool for hybrid environments Cloud sprawl negatively affects enterprises by increasing IT costs and lowering efficiency. And with hybrid clouds, in particular... Implement multifactor methods of authentication for public cloud Multifactor authentication is a critical step for securing IT apps and resources. Explore options for enabling and managing this ... Kubernetes support signals Switzerland play for Azure Container Service Azure Container Service isn't picking sides in the debate about orchestration, adding Kubernetes support and offering more ... SearchMobileComputing Citrix ShareFile updates let businesses ditch paper processes Citrix will roll out a few ShareFile updates on its web app that allow users to request approvals and e-signatures on digital ... Key factors to consider when making an EMM software purchase Enterprises must look at many organizational factors when purchasing EMM software. Learn the most important decision points in ... COPE devices bring big benefits to IT IT shops that support corporate-owned, personally-enabled devices will find that the management process is the same as BYOD, but ... SearchDataCenter Navigate recent changes to data center networking architecture Thanks to hybrid cloud and containers, data center networks are tougher to crack than ever. But IT can succeed if it follows a ... Evolve IT budget planning for software-defined infrastructure During IT budget planning for a software-defined data center, maximize value by accounting for predictable demand spikes, and ... Blade server architecture offers efficiency, but lock-in risks remain For organizations concerned about blade server lock-in, virtualization and cloud offer compelling alternatives with similar ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events Features Guides Opinions Photo Stories Quizzes Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2007 - 2016, TechTarget Close
Moto Z: First successful modular smartphone? | Bangkok Post: business Top sections News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Business News Moto Z: First successful modular smartphone? While Motorola's latest offering appears quite mid-tier at first glance, its modular design is not just a gimmick, giving it near-infinite room to grow. 19 Nov 2016 at 04:00 3,066 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: KANIN SRIMANEEKULROJ Weighing 136 grammes with a thickness of just over five millimetres, Moto Z may be the lightest smartphone ever. - + When Motorola first announced that its Moto Z family of smartphones would be modular, many critics were sceptical. With LG's G5 and Google's Project Ara modular smartphones seemingly crashing and burning (even before release, in Google's case), things did not bode well for Motorola's new flagship device. At first glance, there doesn't seem to be anything noteworthy about it aside from its modular nature, which some have written off as a gimmick. Running Android 6.0.1 on a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor with 4GB of native RAM and a 5.5-inch screen capable of producing post-HD resolution (1440 x 2560), the Moto Z's specs aren't anything to write home about for the price (23,900 baht). Truth be told, it's not that much of a departure from many higher-tier smartphones on the market. Having spent time with the device, however, I'm happy to report that the phone's modular design is actually quite fun to play around with, working on a magnet-based attachment system that makes switching between mods quick and easy. While Motorola only provided us with the Moto Insta-Share Projector mod, if all the mods currently released (and to be released in the future) work as well as this one, then the Moto Z may very well be the first successful modular smartphone on the market. Design With a thickness just slightly over five millimetres (compared with 10 for the G4 Plus and seven for the iPhone 6) and weighing only 136 grammes (the G4 Plus and iPhone 6 are 155 and 172, respectively), the Moto Z might be the lightest (and thinnest) smartphone you've ever laid your hands on. Granted, you'll definitely want to find one of those Moto Mods to bulk up your device to make it fit better in your hands, as well as cover up that unflattering bulge of a back camera and the shiny, metallic finish on the phone's back, which is ever-so-prone to unflattering fingerprint smudges. I generally prefer my smartphones with a little heft, as I find the weight lends a more substantial feel and a more solid grip on the device. The Moto Z, while not weightless despite its slim appearance, makes me nervous when I hold it in one hand. Its thinness and light weight make the Moto Z feel like it could be sent flying at any moment. It doesn't help that I'm quite convinced the phone could literally break in half if I dropped it at the wrong angle. The flimsy, frame-like phone case provided by Motorola does nothing to allay my fears. Of course, all this anxiety I feel over the phone's frail-looking outward appearance could be unwarranted. In truth, its slight frame may be designed with the various mods in mind, which will no doubt increase the heft of your smartphone several times over. Looking at the back of the Moto Z, you'll notice that there are two gold-plated lines of square pegs towards the bottom of the device. These are actually magnets, which will hold whatever back cover you prefer firmly in place. These can be anything from simple, decorative covers to any of the mods released so far, such as a projector, a power bank, a simple pair of speakers or even a Hasselblad camera. It's actually quite surprising how simple and elegant a solution Motorola has used to make modular phones actually worth the trouble. Switching between mods on the Moto Z is infinitely easier than taking the case off my iPhone 6. One glaring problem for me personally is the lack of a 3.5mm headphone jack. The Moto Z -- perhaps in an effort to achieve its (arguably excessive) slimness -- instead comes with a single USB-C port, the only noticeable feature on the phone's edges besides the volume rockers and lock button on the right-hand side. That said, Motorola (unlike Apple) is generous enough to provide its users with a USB-C adaptor to replace the headphone jack. It's definitely annoying to have to carry a little piece of cable that is probably prone to getting lost (and can't be used while you charge your phone), but at least it's better than having to fork over more money to use your own headphones. Function In terms of sheer processing power, the Moto Z's specs are by no means insignificant, but it isn't exactly a powerhouse either. Granted, what the Moto Z has to work with is more than enough, and I haven't noticed any significant slowdown while reviewing the unit. Running on Android Marshmallow OS, the Moto Z features the simple Google family of apps, such as YouTube, Drive, Chrome, etc. The decision to stay away from the more convoluted, customised versions of Android often used in competing smartphones is something Motorola has always done right, and with the Moto Z they continue the tradition, giving users a clean, simple interface, uncluttered by all the custom gesture commands or sidebars. Aside from that, there really isn't much to say about the Moto Z's performance. The 13MP camera works decently enough in well-lit environments, but low-light photos seem to result in a slight distortion of the colours. That said, the Moto Z's back camera is notably capable of HDR and even 4K recording (even if the phone's screen can't actually display in 4K), so this could be another interesting aspect of the phone. Although the specs and camera aren't anything to write home about, it's the Moto Z's modular nature that is its real defining feature. While we only got to try out the Insta-Share Projector mod, the mod itself worked intuitively. Simply snap it onto the back of your phone, push a button, and the projector displays a 480p projection of your phone's screen onto any surface relatively close by. It's not going to be replacing your home theatre set, but it definitely works, and if that's indicative of how the other mods will behave, then the sky's the limit of what the Moto Z can do once more mods are added to the mix. Of course, there's a catch: each of these mods isn't necessarily cheap. The projector mod we tried out, for example, costs another 13,000 baht on top of the phone, so it's not exactly something you're going to buy on a whim. Verdict While quite par for the course in terms of power considering its price-point and specs, the Moto Z is perhaps one of the more exciting smartphones out there right now, simply because of its modular design. Currently, the only available mods on the market may be limited, but it's only a matter of time until the developers release even more fun and versatile mods, which means that the Moto Z will only continue to become a more versatile product in the long run. If nothing else, this fact alone makes me want to go out and buy one for myself. RECOMMENDED STORIES Gold rebounds after sharp slump Digital TV begins to see recovery Somkid speaks on weaker baht Sticky rice subsidised Carabao kicks off footie deal PTT to list retail unit Riding to the rescue Thai exports 'unlikely' to be hit by Japan's GSP revision Southeast Asia stock markets end mixed Most Viewed 25,088 Samet beset by graft, probe finds 17,864 X-ray machines for all conveyor ... 14,780 New passport office to open at MRT ... 12,781 NCPO pushing ahead to support rice ... 12,424 Zero-dollar tour crackdown slows ... Recent BUSINESS Articles TPP leaders vow efforts to implement pact China pushes free trade plans at summit rattled by Trump Property tax law delayed by one year Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 20:55 TPP leaders vow efforts to implement pact 20:44 Huai Kwang cops moved over casino raid 19:35 Two dead in fighting in Myanmar town on China border 18:46 Ratchayothin flyover to have trial closure 18:37 videoAt least 60 dead in India train derailment 17:06 Cambodia arrests Aussie nurse over surrogacy crackdown 16:50 Red-shirts calm on King comments row 16:13 Prosecutors order additional questioning of reporters in Premsak case 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2016 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Google Restores Accounts To Users Banned For Reselling Their Pixel Phones Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Google Restores Accounts To Users Banned For Reselling Their Pixel Phones November 18, 2016 7:15 pm EST By Chris Morran@themorrancave welcome back google google pixel Earlier this week, we told you about a handful of Google users who found that the internet giant had suspended their accounts, apparently because they had violated Google’s terms of service by daring to resell their Google Pixel smartphones. Now the company has made good on its pledge to let these users back into the Google fold, but with a warning to not do it again. The Guardian reports that Google has emailed at least some of the affected users to let them know that their ban had been lifted and they were free to once again use Gmail and other Google services. However, the email wasn’t all hugs and fist-bumps, with Google noting that it “takes violations of our terms very seriously” and warning that “Repeated violations of our terms may lead to account termination.” The bans, first reported on Dan’s Deals, affected around 200 Google users who purchased their Pixel phone through the company’s Project Fi. These folks then resold their devices to a phone dealer in New Hampshire — a state with no sales tax — who pledged to split the profits. A rep for Google told Consumerist that the company believes many of the suspended accounts had been created just as part of a “scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a reseller, who then marked-up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers.” The company also said at the time that it would consider restoring access for these users. November 18, 2016 By Chris Morran@themorrancave welcome back google google pixel Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related locked out Is Google Shutting Down The Accounts Of Users Who Resell Their Pixel Phones? math is hard Google Makes Up For Verizon’s Bad Math, Offers $150 To Screwed-Over Chromebook Owners new stuff Google Wants You To Switch From iPhone; Announces Home, Pixel Pre-Orders Start Today trying to make it up Google Handing Out $50 Play Store Credit Over Delayed Pixel Phones nexus 5 Google’s Defective Phone Policy Is Tough If You’re On A Fixed Income Previous Which Stores Are Open On Thanksgiving & When Do They Open On Black Friday? Next Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Challenges Ruling That Its Structure Is Unconstitutional Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Challenges Ruling That Its Structure Is Unconstitutional Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 30+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Post's View Social media sites can’t allow fake news to take over The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg. (Josh Edelson/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images) By Editorial Board November 18 Follow postopinions FREEDOM OF expression is a bedrock of American democracy, but its irresponsible exercise can distort and destabilize our politics. That reality is now at the center of attention in the social media world as Facebook and others confront questions about their role in spreading fake news and false information before and after the presidential campaign. The social media companies must not duck this issue. It goes to the heart of an open society, and also is the key to their own credibility and survival. It wasn’t all that long ago that the Internet was a wild west, where information ran free. As Facebook, Google and Twitter grew, they celebrated this as a virtue, insisting they were technology companies built on algorithms and not news media outlets. But on the road to becoming true global giants, Facebook and the others took on enormous new power to shape the information that people consume. The latest Washington Post-Schar School national poll shows that when people are asked where they got their election news, 56 percent said television, and 30 percent said the Internet. Among the sources on the Internet, 32 percent of the respondents identified social media, 29 percent said news organizations’ websites, and 15 percent said Google or other search engines. A distinction must be drawn between personal posts, which are best left largely unfettered, and the news feed posts that can quickly go viral, accelerated by algorithms that respond to user engagement. When these posts suddenly explode and reach millions of people, social media essentially become news media. There is serious abuse when the content is false, such as one post during the campaign saying the pope had endorsed Donald Trump (he didn’t), or a top Google search result the other day that pointed to a fake site reporting Trump had won the popular vote (he has not). Fake news is dangerous mischief and takes advantage of the fact that social media generally rely on rapid-fire algorithms and not deliberate human editing. The social media services must adjust to the reality that they now are news media outlets to some extent; that means relying more on human editors to weed out the fake news. The task is delicate and requires balanced judgment. The aim must be not to censor free expression or favor certain political views, but to guard against deception and fraud. In recent days Facebook and Google announced they are cutting off advertising on sites carrying content that is illegal, misleading or deceptive; that’s a good first step. Since the biggest social media outlets now span the globe, their operating standards must showcase the best of democracy at work, and avoid giving tyrants any impetus to crack down on dissent and free expression. This is a job for people, not algorithms. Social media have good reason to act here in order to protect their own future. If users conclude that the information highlighted by Facebook, Google and Twitter is consistently ureliable, they will look elsewhere. But society at large also has a big stake. The Internet has become a vital forum for democratic debate; it is essential that that interchange not be warped by propaganda and lies. Read more on this topic: Dana Milbank: Trump’s fake-news presidency Fareed Zakaria: Bile, venom and lies: How I was trolled on the Internet Catherine Rampell: When the facts don’t matter, how can democracy survive? Melissa Zimdars: My ‘fake news list’ went viral. But made-up stories are only part of the problem. opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 30+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 36 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump’s big infrastructure plan? It’s a trap. 2 George Takei: They interned my family. Don’t let them do it to Muslims. 3 Higher education is awash with hysteria. That might have helped elect Trump. 4 Bad news: Trump is not becoming any more presidential 5 In the age of Trump, what is a Christian? Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Latest Editorials What the doctor ordered Reforming Interpol Trump has made some dangerous appointments washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 53° Share Exploring a new frontier this holiday shopping season: Virtual reality By Hayley Tsukayama / The Washington Post Published: Friday, November 18th, 2016 at 4:53pm Updated: Saturday, November 19th, 2016 at 8:00am .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........It is a sad truth for technology enthusiasts that it’s almost the end of 2016, and we still don’t have flying cars, a moon colony or fully functional robot butlers. But there is at least one sci-fi technology that is aiming to make a breakthrough into your living room: virtual reality. Companies big and small are betting that holiday shoppers will get the appeal of being able to pop on a headset and immerse their eyes and ears – and sometimes their hands and feet – in another world. Google, Sony, Samsung, Facebook and HTC are among the major manufacturers that have put virtual reality products, mostly for playing games, on the market in the past several months. And retailers such as Walmart and Best Buy are building the excitement by setting up demonstration areas in their stores so consumers can get a good feel for these unfamiliar devices. “For most people . . . this will be their first real opportunity to play with or experience virtual reality,” said Clifton Dawson, chief executive of the market research firm Greenlight VR. “What is really important here is the reaction we’ll see from consumers who walk in these stores and get educated about it for the first time.” Advertisement Continue reading That could make this holiday season a critical period for VR, which is trying to prove it’s not just a gimmick like some gaming trends before it. (Remember the Wii and the Kinect?) Research firm IDC estimates that consumers – particularly gamers – will snap up 9.6 million virtual reality headsets by the end of the year, spending about $2.6 billion. Gamers, Dawson said, are an obvious key market to watch but so are those looking to use the virtual reality headsets for a family purchase, to replace screen time spent together on the computer to share funny videos or websites, or watching television. Greg Hall, Walmart’s senior vice president for entertainment, said he expects that gaming will remain tech’s big draw in the near term – but people are “warming up” to virtual reality. “We like the growth,” he said. “We like VR and think it’s got some nice legs for us.” The full potential of the virtual reality market is still quite a few years away, analysts say. And, in a reversal of the timeline that characterized technologies such as desktops, laptops and cellphones, the appetite for virtual reality is expected to start with average people buying them for their own personal use before the devices break into the business world. Greenlight VR believes the trend will be driven by consumer adoption through 2019, but that applications for business – including education, training and telecommuting – will start to make up the lion’s share of the market after that. The company projects that VR will become a $36 billion industry within the next decade. — Given how early in the VR trend we are, there’s a surprising variety of virtual reality headsets on the market. They come in two main types: Some are self-contained and are used primarily for high-end video games; they allow you to step completely into the virtual world and interact with it. Others work only with your smartphone, and are better suited to passively viewing specially designed 360-degree photos and videos – a super-modern update of the 19th-century stereoscopes that used to show kids slides of the wider world. If you’re skeptical of virtual reality but are intrigued by more immersive digital experiences, you may want to consider one of the latter type – say the Google Cardboard viewer. It works with smartphones up to six inches high and costs just $15. Other manufacturers are selling cardboard viewers online for even less – some as little as $5. Advertisement Continue reading These are good stocking stuffers for those who want to dip a toe in the virtual reality world, or for families with lots of kids who all want their own viewers. (There’s a reason Google has marketed these heavily to classrooms.) News organizations and other outlets post photos and videos for Google Cardboard on social media, and there are also apps for Android and iOS that work with the viewer to send users on virtual trips around the world, for example, or put them on stage with Paul McCartney in concert. For a little more polish, you can step up to something like the Google Daydream View or the Samsung Gear VR, which still run off the smartphone but provide a higher-quality experience. The Daydream View, Google’s $79 cloth and plastic headset, also comes with a remote that will let you play and interact with some basic games. And it’s much more comfortable to use – it stays put on your head with a strap, so you don’t have to hold it up. The Samsung Gear VR is also powered by a smartphone, but it has to be a Galaxy smartphone – specifically, the Galaxy S6 and newer models. With a touch-sensitive control pad on the side of the goggles, the Gear VR is a better choice for light gaming and has a number of high-profile titles including “Minecraft.” At $99, it’s far pricier than a cardboard reader, but it’s a far better experience. — If you’re super-serious and want something that actually lets you interact with the digital world, there are essentially three headset models to choose from: the HTC Vive, the PlayStation VR and the Oculus Rift. Each has its own strengths and weaknesses. Both the HTC Vive and the Oculus Rift will require connection to a high-end personal computer to work properly – a computer that itself could cost users at least $1,000 to put together if they don’t have a VR-ready computer already. There are some hidden costs as well. The $799 HTC Vive, for example, does an amazing job of tricking your senses into believing that you’re in a digital world. You really feel as if you can interact with the virtual environment, and several clever software tricks mean that you don’t ever find yourself groping blind for a dropped game controller. One reason it’s so effective is it gives you a lot of in-world space in which to move, and a lot of sensors with which to track those movements. The downside? You have to give up a lot of real-world space: a suggested minimum of 5 feet by 6.5 feet. You’ll also have to find room to plug in seven pieces of equipment: the computer, monitor, headset, chargers and sensors. That’s fine for a man-cave, but not so much for a studio apartment. Advertisement Continue reading The $599 Rift doesn’t require as much space. In fact, some of its best experiences take place when you’re seated, which means it can be used in a normal office or living room. Its pair of hand controllers, called the Oculus Touch, also let you interact smoothly with the digital world, though they’re not always quite as sensitive – or easy to find when dropped – as those of the Vive. The Rift shines, however, in the overall quality of its software. As one of the first companies to raise mainstream awareness of virtual reality, Oculus took pains to minimize some of the more unpleasant side effects of moving through a VR world, with rock-solid tracking that should keep all but the most sensitive player from feeling too much motion sickness. Finally, Sony’s PlayStation VR has the advantage of working automatically with the PlayStation 4 and the newly released PlayStation 4 Pro. That means it doesn’t require an extra computer and runs off the game console that its target audience knows and probably already owns. Among these three high-end headsets, PlayStation VR is also the most comfortable to wear for long periods of time. And it’s just $400 – though you’ve already paid a few hundred for your PlayStation. If you really want to buy a VR headset but are still having trouble figuring out what works for you, don’t forget to compare each headset’s unique catalog of games first, to narrow down their options. Or you could take a year or two to think about it. While the hype machine is in full force right now, and consumers are responding, that doesn’t mean that failing to buy a VR headset this year will make you the lamest house on the block. Even VR evangelists don’t see the technology truly becoming mainstream for another couple of years, and that’s if all goes well. So if you postpone the decision, you may not be on the cutting edge this holiday season; but you may also save yourself some money and space if the analysts’ forecasts are wrong. holiday-tech Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: Tech to augment retail shopping – Jan 26, 2014 How retail stores are using virtual reality to make shopping more fun – Apr 20, 2016 Mall of America is stepping up its digital game with virtual reality, robots – Nov 2, 2016 This physician is using virtual reality to treat patients with dementia – Nov 17, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
null
null
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE New take on Showcase Shopping ads? Categories of used items showing for retailer outlet queries Similar to the Showcase ad format introduced this summer, the ads link to Google Shopping pages. Ginny Marvin on November 18, 2016 at 3:12 pm More A strange thing happened just now when I was searching to find out whether the promotions extension Google is testing is also showing on mobile (it is). I came across an example of what appears to be a Showcase Shopping ad for the first time in the wild. When Google introduced Showcase ads, the idea was to spotlight retailer collections on broad, non-brand search queries like “summer dresses.” One of the odd things about what I found today is that these examples are all showing on retailer brand terms, not broad, non-brand queries. This format appeared on brand+outlet queries: “talbots outlet,” “banana republic outlet” and “ann taylor outlet.” When I first saw the Shopping result on the Talbots query, I assumed the ads linked to a Shopping page featuring the items shown in the ads, among other items in the category sold by Talbots itself. But then I saw the results for “banana republic outlet” and “ann taylor outlet” featuring used items in this ad format. I went back to the “talbots outlet” result and found that the majority of items featured on the corresponding Google Shopping page were also used. I was not able to find the products shown in the ads on the Shopping pages. The used items are being sold by Thredup, Poshmark and eBay, among others. I have only seen this Shopping ad format appear on mobile and have not been able to replicate these results with other terms like “used.” These ads do not appear on all retailer+outlet combinations. I also have yet to see any Showcase ads appearing on broad queries. We’ve reached out to Google with questions and will include any updates here. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Articles See how Google is showing even more Shopping Ads on desktop this season Carousels of Google Shopping ads spotted on YouTube Criteo launches Predictive Search to automate Google Shopping campaign optimizations The 7 best ad and landing page elements to boost online conversions Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AdWords: Product Listing AdsSearch AdsSearch Ads: Product Ads Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
M Sunday, Nov 20 2016 | Updated at 12:37 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Video Nov 18, 2016 09:37 AM EST By Noi Ramirez, UniversityHerald Reporter Google Earth VR: Supports HTC Vive Headset, Launched [Video] Google Earth in Virtual Reality was recently launched providing support for the HTC Vive. (Photo : Credit: Adam Berry / Stringer) Google Earth in Virtual Reality was recently launched providing support for the HTC Vive. Google recently launched Google Earth VR, letting users explore landmarks all over the world in the comforts of their own home. Google Earth VR has been in development for some time now, according to The Verge. The interface is akin to Google Street View, but while users get to view streets in 360-degree cameras, users of Google Earth VR can virtually roam freely around reconstructed topographical locations of the globe, or can even be used to take tours of museums and other interesting locations using the HTC Vive Headset. Google has included several pre-set tours and destinations in the package that are comfortable and an immersive experience, according to c|net. Users can fully interact with the virtual environment in an intuitive and simple manner; however, the new app has no search feature as of yet. Google Earth VR is slowly moving forward ever since its introduction with the Oculus Rift back in 2013. The new Google Earth VR is exclusive to the HTC Vive to start, and they might also add other platforms in the future like Google's Daydream. Project Manager Mike Podwal says the next step for Google VR, in adding more data and tie-ins to other Google products. Google says they aim to make this "a rich geospacial way to learn about the world." For now, the project is also a natural complement to Google's Street View. The Google Earth VR has almost 200 Million square miles covered for users to explore. With that immense size, there is should be no shortage of things to look at and admire when using Google Earth VR. For those who already have the HTC Vive headset, Google Earth VR is free and can be downloaded from the Steam Store. Tags Google, Google Earth, Google Earth VR, htc vive, htc vive vr gadget, Google Street View, Google Earth images, virtual reality © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Will Brand Malicious Sites ‘Deceptive’; Won’t Entertain Reviews To ... The Top 5 Android Phone Flops Of All Time [VIDEO] Google Pixel And 7 Settings You Should Change, Now! [VIDEO] NASA: Sniffs Out Life On Mars Using Bio-Indicator LiDAR Instrument (BILI) [Video ... Xiaomi Mi 5c Price Leak; 'Meri' Smartphone with 5.5-inch Display, 3 GB RAM Comin ... Join the Conversation Must Read National Universities With The Most Students Living In Campus Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTHarvard has the most number of undergraduates living in campus. ... College Admissions? Ignoring Life After College Is A Mistake Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTFind out why many college students are not getting the career development they want. ... Guide To The Most Frequently Asked Questions During Tech Interviews Nov 19, 2016 AM ESTInterviews are one of the toughest phases of your job application and here are some of the most important questions commonly asked during tech ... MIT Picks Top 10 Smartest Company In The World Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTAmazon tops the list of ... Most Popular Samsung Galaxy On7 Pro: Is It Better than Xiaomi Redmi Note 3? Let's Compare UI, Speedtest, and Performance! Nov 18, 2016 PM ESTIs Galaxy On7 Pro better than Redmi Note 3? How do they compare? Check out the review! ... ‘Pokemon GO’ Thanksgiving Event: Second Gen Pokemon Release Date Will Be Revealed; Niantic Offers Bird-Based, Horses Pokemon for Thanksgiving? [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTAs the Thanksgiving celebration is imminent, rumors about the latest offerings of Niantic for “Pokemon GO” started to circulate around the ... PlayStation 4 Pro Review: A Cool Console But Is The Price Worth It? Nov 19, 2016 PM ESTThe PlayStation 4 Pro is cool console but its not for everyone. It will be good gaming investment though, for certain people who fit certain ... Google Nexus 7 (2016): HTC Will Work with Google Again for 2017 Tablet Release Date? [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTJust when everyone thought that Google Nexus 7 (2016) will not see the light of the day, they are probably mistaken because latest rumors suggest that ... ‘Rick and Morty' Season 3 News: The 3rd Season Will Premiere Sooner [Video] Nov 15, 2016 PM ESTRick and Morty' Season 3 will return earlier than expected to Cartoon Network's Adult Swim before the end of 2016. ... Xiaomi Mi 5c Price Leak; 'Meri' Smartphone with 5.5-inch Display, 3 GB RAM Coming in December Nov 19, 2016 PM ESTThe latest leak suggests that Xiaomi will release another affordable device in December. ... Microsoft Surface 'Phone': Is It Actually A Phone? Rumors On Specs, Release Date & Updates Detailed! Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTAs rumors about the Microsoft Surface Pro circulate around the web, sources took note of a few things consumers can expect from the company. ... Ben Carson Declined Any Cabinet Position Especially The Circulating Education Secretary Post Rumor Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTBen Carson declined cabinet position offer from Trump as he wants to have the freedom to work in many different issues. ... Sony PlayStation 4 Pro – 4K TV Guide – How To Choose Right TV Specs For Pro Console Nov 17, 2016 PM ESTSony generally recommends a big 4k TV set for the PlayStation 4 Pro. However, there are a number technical aspects that prospective 4K TV buyers ... Samsung Galaxy Note 8: Samsung Has Taken Advantage of Qualcomm’s New Chipset for Longer Battery Life, Quick Charge, More! [VIDEO] Nov 18, 2016 AM ESTWhat’s more exciting about the upcoming Samsung Galaxy Note 8 is the latest features offered by its rumored processor, Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 for ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2016 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
Search for: About DCK Data Center World Subscribe Events Training Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Companies White Papers Regions Infrastructure Design Power Cooling Green Modular Data Centers DCIM InfoCenter Servers Downtime Networking Sectors Cloud Computing Big Data Bitcoin Executive Government Supercomputing / HPC Managed Hosting Colocation Storage DCIM InfoCenter Webcasts Industry Perspectives Data Center Knowledge Top Trending Articles Previous Article Russia Blocks LinkedIn, U.S. 'Deeply Concerned' Next Article Is a Retreat from Private Cloud Also Under Way? Cisco Weighs In Cloud Computing, Google Google Cloud Anticipates Machine Learning Growth with GPU by Chris Burt  on November 18, 2016 Add Your Comments Tweet Brought to You by The WHIR Google is bringing graphics processing unit (GPU) chips to its Compute Engine and Cloud Machine Learning to boost performance for intensive computing tasks like rendering and large-scale simulations. GPUs will be available from Google Cloud Platform worldwide in early 2017, according to an announcement this week. In a separate announcement, the company announced a new Cloud Machine Learning group, and a series of moves related to machine learning and artificial intelligence. Google introduced its new Cloud Jobs API, which applies machine learning to the hiring process, as well as significantly reduced prices for its Cloud Vision API, and a premium edition of its Cloud Translation (formerly Google Translate) API.  A blog post outlining Google’s machine learning-related updates also announces the general availability of the Cloud Natural Language API. The announcements collectively represent a push not just to broaden its compute-intensive cloud services, but to deliver practical services built on them. GPUs are used as accelerators on many clouds, from Peer1 to AWS, though industry players are engaged in an ongoing debate about the scalability and relative efficiency of different approaches. Google says the GPUs on its cloud will be AMD’s FirePro S9300 x2 for remote workstations and the Tesla P100 and Tesla K80s from NVIDIA for deep learning, AI, and high-performance computing (HPC) applications. Google is offering the GPUs in passthrough mode for bare metal performance, and up to 8 can be attached to each VM instance. “These new instances of GPUs in the Google Cloud offer extraordinary performance advantages over comparable CPU-based systems and underscore the inflection point we are seeing in computing today,” said Todd Mostak, founder and CEO of data exploration startup MapD, which used them as part of an early access program. “Using standard analytical queries on the 1.2 billion row NYC taxi dataset, we found that a single Google n1-highmem-32 instance with 8 attached K80 dies is on average 85 times faster than Impala running on a cluster of 6 nodes each with 32 vCPUs. Further, the innovative SSD storage configuration via NVME further reduced cold load times by a factor of five. This performance offers tremendous flexibility for enterprises interested in millisecond speed at over billions of rows.” GPU instances take minutes to set up from Google Cloud Console or the gcloud command line, and are priced per minute. Google Cloud Platform also extended its geographic reach earlier this month with a new Tokyo region. This article was originally posted here at The Whir. Previous Article Russia Blocks LinkedIn, U.S. 'Deeply Concerned' Next Article Is a Retreat from Private Cloud Also Under Way? Cisco Weighs In Tweet Get Daily Email News from DCK!Subscribe now and get our special report, "The World's Most Unique Data Centers." Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. About the Author Chris Burt (148 Posts) Chris Burt is a WHIR contributor and writer of both fiction and non-fiction. His writing projects can be followed on Twitter @afakechrisburt. Related Stories Blades Intel Wants to Make Machine Learning Scalable by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on June 20, 2016 Says big GPU-filled boxes for machine learning are inefficient Read More Amazon How Amazon’s New Machine Learning Service Can Help in Data Center Management by Yevgeniy Sverdlik on April 10, 2015 General-purpose machine-learning service can be used to predict hardware failures, temperature fluctuations, and more Read More Big Data Microsoft Brings Machine Learning as a Service to Azure Cloud by Jason Verge on June 27, 2014 Upcoming cloud service aims to put heavy-duty data analytics capabilities into the hands of the general public. Read More Featured Google Using Machine Learning to Boost Data Center Efficiency by Rich Miller on May 28, 2014 Google is using machine learning and artificial intelligence to wring even more efficiency out of its mighty data centers. The humans remain in charge, but Google expects to reach new frontiers in efficiency in its server farms. Read More Amazon Amazon Uses NVIDIA GPU to Power G2 Cloud Instance by John Rath on November 7, 2013 NVIDIA (NVDA) announced that its GRID technology is now available from Amazon Web Services (AWS) through its newly announced Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud G2 instance, delivering GPU acceleration to users running graphics-intensive applications and games in the cloud. Read More Add Your Comments Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (required) (will not be published) Website Get Daily Email News from DCK! Email* Country* Please select United States United Kingdom Canada India Netherlands Australia South Africa France Germany Singapore Sweden Brazil -------------- Afghanistan Åland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil Brit/Indian Ocean Terr. Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Dem. Republic Of Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Terr. Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar United Kingdom Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard/McDonald Isls. Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea (North) Korea (South) Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar N. Mariana Isls. Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Samoa San Marino Sao Tome/Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovak Republic Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena St. Pierre and Miquelon St. Vincent and Grenadines Sudan Suriname Svalbard/Jan Mayen Isls. Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks/Caicos Isls. Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States US Minor Outlying Is. Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands (British) Virgin Islands (U.S.) Wallis/Futuna Isls. Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Enter your email to receive messages about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus RSS Feeds Featured Cloud Articles Cold Storage in the Cloud: Comparing AWS, Google, Microsoft Top Cloud Providers Made $11B on IaaS in 2015, but It’s Only the Beginning Featured Cooling Articles Dell Designs Custom Liquid Cooling System for eBay Data Centers Yahoo Wants to Sell Its ‘Chicken Coop’ Data Center Designs Archived Articles Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 Inside DCK About Us Advertise Staff Contact Us Submit News Submit Guest Column Site Map Hot Topics DCIM News Downtime HPC / Supercomputing Facebook Apple Microsoft Google Northern Virginia New York Silicon Valley North Carolina News Channels White Papers Events Calendar Virtualization Consolidation Open Compute Internet of Things Storage Convergence Disaster Recovery Managed Hosting Content Delivery Site Selection Investing Stay Connected Daily Email Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Data Center Videos Humor Webinars Hosting and Cloud Web Hosting Talk HostingCon WHIR Hosting Catalog Hottest Hosts Data Center Data Center Knowledge Data Center World AFCOM Web Development Hot Scripts DB Forums Performance Marketing ABestWeb Consumer Tech Windows Secrets Overclockers Mac Forums Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Services Advertise Hosting By: LiquidWeb Powered by Penton Copyright © Penton Thank you Thank you for providing feedback. We receive a lot of feedback/requests so we cannot always respond immediately. We will do our best to respond to your feedback.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market How working at Google led this man to jump from the stratosphere Sameepa Shetty | @sameepa Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 5:24 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Imagine free-falling to Earth, hurtling down like a sack of potatoes going faster than the speed of sound, with some weird light illuminating your path. Source: 14 Minutes From Earth Alan Eustace, stratospheric explorer, during a test jump Normally the next step would be suddenly waking up. But what might be someone else's dream was Alan Eustace's reality. Eustace, 57, spent 13 years working at Google before this death-defying leap from the stratosphere. In doing so he crushed three world records while breaking the sound barrier. But all that aside, the natural question here is — why? Is this the nerd's version of a midlife crisis or Google's in-disguise man of steel? Turns out: neither. The son of an aerospace engineer, Alan grew up "immersed in Apollo missions." It's no wonder that drew him to all things space and science. An engineer, pilot and sky diver, his skill diversity was just right for Google — arguably the world's largest repository of knowledge and incubator of unthinkable ideas. As Google's senior vice president of knowledge, much of Alan's day job was overseeing engineering and development efforts in maps, search and research. While still at Google, he became part of the "StratEx" project. StratEx was conceived to create an inexpensive, reusable and safe way to explore the stratosphere. Until StratEx, the only way to get to the stratosphere was in a heavy, cumbersome, expensive, complex and potentially dangerous capsule — the technology first used nearly 60 years ago. Enter space technologists. The team created a spacesuit that would allow Alan to safely dive through the stratosphere. ILC Dover, which created all the Apollo mission suits, made its first commercial suit for Alan. This suit also separated Alan's jump from the much-publicized Red Bull–backed-effort by Austrian sky-diver Felix Baumgartner. Red Bull used a specially designed pressurized capsule technology versus a space suit. The size, weight and complexity of the capsule required a much larger balloon to go to an altitude that was more than a mile lower than the StratEx record. Source: 14 Minutes from Earth Sunrise from the stratosphere RedBull also invested heavily in marketing and promoting the project as a space jump. StratEx was privately financed as a scientific endeavor and created an entirely new stratospheric launch system, and a new parachute system designed to stabilize the pilot's descent. For StratEx, carefully avoiding publicity to let the team stay focused on the science and engineering was mission critical. That's until "14 Minutes From Earth," a new documentary that showcases Alan's 14-minute journey back to Earth. It chronicles the journey to October 21, 2014. Just after 7 a.m. that morning in the New Mexico desert, Alan was launched — attached to an enormous gas-filled balloon — and ascended 135,891 feet over two hours into the blackness of near-space. After clearance with ground control, Alan was released from the balloon, falling faster than the speed of the sound. After falling for 123,303 feet over four and a half minutes, Alan opened his parachute for the final 10-minute journey back down to Earth. The entire trip from the stratosphere back down to the ground took a little over 14 minutes. The balloon was equipped with a variety of fail-safe mechanisms to rip holes in its thin plastic skin. Wind conditions and terrain were taken into account by ground control to determine when to rip the balloon, so that it landed safely without harming people or property on the ground. The StratEx team collected and recycled the balloon. So where does this endeavor go from here? The technology developed during the StratEx project was proven to be so successful that it is being used to push the boundaries of what is possible in space exploration. Currently in use for previously impossible unmanned climate and communications missions, the next frontier for the technology will be commercially accessible manned missions and potential uses for high-altitude emergency escapes. Sameepa ShettyProducer, Squawk on the Street and Squawk Alley Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GOOGL --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Cloud   /   Early Stage Startup Heptio Aims to Make Kubernetes Friendly       Early Stage Startup Heptio Aims to Make Kubernetes Friendly     By Sean Michael Kerner  |  Posted 2016-11-18 Print               Two Former Google staffers the built the original Google Compute Engine and helped to create Kubernetes are launching their own company to fill a perceived gap in the container orchestration market. Heptio was officially announced on Nov. 17, as yet another company in the ever-growing landscape of vendors aiming to support the open-source Kubernetes container orchestration system. Heptio is noteworthy in that it was recently founded and led by the same two Google staffers, Craig McLuckie and Joe Beda, that originally created Kubernetes in the first place. "I first met Joe at Google six years ago and we built our first product together, which was Google's Compute Engine (GCE)," McLuckie told eWEEK. GCE was Google's first attempt at a creating Infrastructure-as-a-Service cloud offering. McLuckie said that the experience of building GCE taught him and Beda about virtual machine infrastructure and how people struggled to build an efficient infrastructure. After building GCE, Beda discovered Docker as a way to help solve part of the virtualization challenge, though he realized it didn't address the issues of operations and management capabilities. Beda and McLuckie worked with Google engineer Brendan Burns and collectively they came up with the idea to create Kubernetes. "The idea was to create a Google-inspired orchestration tool that would manage Docker containers, that would be built in the open by Google and delivered as an open-source project to the community," McLuckie said. Kubernetes is now part of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF), which is a Linux Foundation Collaborative project that McLuckie helped to start in July 2015. McLuckie left Google at the end of October 2016, to start Heptio, which he now leads as CEO. Heptio has already managed to  raise $8.5 million in funding from Accel and Madrona Venture Group to help build the company. Though there are multiple commercial providers supporting Kubernetes today, McLuckie sees a gap in the marketplace that he's hoping to fill with Heptio. "There is an obvious gap for a product company to emerge and continue the Kubernetes mission, providing support and delivering the next set of capabilities to enterprise as they start to operate at scale," McLuckie said. "So Joe and I have started Heptio to really make Kubernetes accessible, useful and enterprise-ready." The name Heptio has particular meaning and relates back to some of the original naming ideas behind Kubernetes itself. The Kubernetes project wasn't always called Kubernetes. It actually started its life as an internal project at Google called Project 7. Google has its own orchestration system called Borg, and Project 7 is a reference to the Star Trek character 7 of 9, which is a Borg that becomes friendly. The Borg of course, are also mentioned in Star Trek as a collective of cybernetic humanoids bent on assimilating all species and technologies. The Project 7 name didn't stick, with McLuckie instead coming up the name Kubernetes, which is a Greek word for pilot. While the Project 7 name didn't last, the Kubernetes logo has seven spokes, as a nod to the Project 7 origins. McLuckie explained that when coming up with the name for his new startup he wanted to respect the heritage of Kubernetes. Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST CLOUD ARTICLES   Microsoft's Azure Advisor Helps Customers Float Cloud Applications Early Stage Startup Heptio Aims to Make Kubernetes Friendly Google, Intel to Collaborate on Cloud, IoT Technolgies Social Media Sites Take Risks When Blocking Speech They Don't Like Google Seeks To Make Job Searches Easier With New Cloud API                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 18 GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 Google explains how it used sound and wallpapers to create the Pixel’s ‘confidently minimal’ experience Stephen Hall - 2 days ago @hallstephenj Android Google Pixel View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit If there’s one thing that’s undeniably true about the Pixel, it’s that it has a higher level of fit and finish than any Nexus smartphone — or maybe even perhaps Android smartphone — preceding it. A couple of ways this is most obvious is the phone’s collection of high-quality wallpapers, and its unique specially-designed sounds that are both distinctly Google-y and pleasing to the senses. Today, Google has published an article on its Google Design blog explaining how the team used these seeming minor details to create an experience with the Pixel that’s “confidently minimal” and stays true to Google’s design principles of “simplicity, intelligence, customization, and trustworthiness.” The Pixel’s wallpapers — especially the live ones that dynamically adapt to different things like battery and weather — are really nice. I specifically mentioned them in my review. But you would be surprised how much thought actually went into these: The composition of this wallpaper took hard work, as we wanted to ensure that the horizon would line up perfectly with the back-plate of the phone. We also needed to develop a robust color palette to show off our rich AMOLED screens while complementing our mostly primary-colored Google app icons. The final result is a set of live data wallpapers that balance simplicity and intelligence without creating unnecessary clutter and noise. There was also a lot of thought that went into the phone’s ringtones, notification sounds, and alarms. By taking a more minimal approach to the arrangements and using a purer sound that resonates well on a device, there’s a greater ability to pop through everyday noise in order to get the user’s attention. What’s more, a device with a small speaker is not going to reproduce the rich sound and playback experience of a home stereo. Complex musical arrangements, big bassy sounds, or sounds that don’t take advantage of the resonance of the device can all be trouble areas on a small speaker. Google also describes why it designed the phone’s notification sounds the way it did. You can listen to several examples of these at the Google Design website if you don’t already own a Pixel: A notification sound should alert users that something needs their attention, but should do so in a way that respects the relationship they have with their devices. These sounds should be short, snappy, and audible but not invasive or overly decorative. Head over to the Google Design website to read the full piece. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Google Home will be available for $99 from Best Buy for Black Friday Android Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content | November 18, 2016 55 shares 39 14 0 0 0 0 1 0 1               Google Home is a fairly new device, but on Black Friday it’ll be getting a pretty big discount. Best Buy will sell the Google Home for $99 during its Black Friday sale, which runs from November 24 through November 26. That price is $30 off the Google Home’s regular asking price of $129. Google Home is a speaker that includes Google Assistant, a voice-activated assistant that can answer questions, look up info, play music, and more. The Home is already priced competitively when compared to its main rival, the Amazon Echo, but this sale will make the Home even more tempting. One thing that’s worth noting is that Best Buy will also discount the Amazon Echo and Echo Dot during its Black Friday sale. The Amazon Echo will be available for $139.99 ($40 off) while the Echo Dot will be $39.99 ($10 off). No matter which assistant device you choose, do keep in mind that these Black Friday sales will likely go quick. If you’d like to snag a discounted device, you should probably act as fast as you can on November 24. Other notable mobile deals that’ll be available at Best Buy on Black Friday include a $300 Best Buy gift card with the purchase of an LG G5 on a Sprint or Verizon installment billing agreement; a free $250 gift card and Gear VR with the purchase of a Galaxy S7 or S7 edge on a Verizon, AT&T, or Sprint installment billing agreement; and an unlocked Galaxy S7 for $549.99 ($120 off) with free Samsung Fast Charge Wireless Charge Pad. You can check out all 48 pages of Best Buy’s Black Friday ad right here. Via:  Droid-Life Source:  Best Buy Android Black Friday 2016 Google Next ArticleBlue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches at T-Mobile Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Samsung Pay and standalone operation make the Gear S3 a tempting buy View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes 500 Messages Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 4 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 2 weeks 1 day ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 3 weeks 1 day ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 29 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 29 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge launches T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Facebook Shouldn't Bother Policing Fake News—It Should Go Local Instead subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Caption: Mark Zuckerberg speaks at the Techonomy 2016 conference in Half Moon Bay, on November 10, 2016.David Paul Morris/Bloomberg/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 11.18.16. 11.18.16 Time of Publication: 4:23 pm. 4:23 pm Facebook Shouldn’t Bother Policing Fake News—It Should Go Local Instead Mark Zuckerberg speaks at the Techonomy 2016 conference in Half Moon Bay, on November 10, 2016.David Paul Morris/Bloomberg/Getty Images Since the election, Facebook has faced growing pressure to police hoaxes and misleading content. And with good reason: around 44 percent of US adults get at least some of their news through Facebook, and fake news often spreads more quickly through social media than real news. But civic-minded technologist Clay Johnson, author of The Information Diet, warns that putting Facebook and Google in charge of deciding what is and isn’t true isn’t a good way to stop the spread of misinformation. “The moment that Facebook tries to become the arbiter of truth is the moment that people will discredit its authority,” he tweeted this week. So Johnson has proposed another idea: Facebook could use its enormous influence to shift the spotlight away from the spectacle of national news and onto local issues that people can see and connect with more directly. Related Stories The 2016 Election Exposes the Very, Very Dark Side of Tech Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Facebook Alone Didn’t Create Trump—The Click Economy Did HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter “If you want to be free of fake news, you’ve got to focus on things that are observable,” Johnson said in a phone interview. “So there’s nothing that does that like going into your community.” The problem with Facebook or Google trying to fight fake news is that as soon as they start judging what is and isn’t true, people with opposing views will turn on the companies themselves, just as they accuse newspapers and television networks of bias when they tell stories that don’t fit their worldview. People who disagree with the choices Facebook or Google make won’t see the companies as any less partisan than the news organizations with which they already see themselves at odds. Promoting more local content, on the other hand, would not only give people a more direct way to participate in issues that affect them where they live, but a more immediate way to verify what’s actually going on. Instead of—or at least in addition to—your usual timeline filled with outrageous quotes from national politicians, you would see information that’s relevant to your community or neighborhood. An explosion of publicly available datasets from government agencies and non-profits could fuel such a service. And of course Facebook and other social media services gather quite a bit of data themselves. Facebook could mine that data for insights into how you could best help your community. For example, Facebook could tell you that your zip code has the highest rate of child poverty in your state and then give you a list of relevant organizations with which you could volunteer, Johnson says. Facebook could use its enormous influence to shift the spotlight away from the spectacle of national news and onto local issues. Yes, building such a system could be a big undertaking for Facebook. But as Johnson points out, it would probably be a lot easier than hiring an army of fact-checkers to rid the social network of fake news. And Facebook could sell ads alongside all these bits of local information. A bigger problem for the social network would be whether local information would prove as compelling to users as emotionally charged national political news. But Johnson is confident that a focus on local issues would be good business for Facebook. “I think it would cause people to share more content that’s locally relevant, more interesting content,” Johnson says. Such a scheme wouldn’t necessarily solve the problem of fake news, much less heal the deep rifts that the country. But maybe it could help pull individual communities together. Facebook’s reach is global. But it also knows where most of its users live, which gives it the power to make its focus local. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. election 2016 Facebook Media Social Media Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games Gaming Review: Sun and Moon are Kinder, Gentler Pokémon Games 6 hours America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 11.17.16 Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 11.17.16 The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 11.17.16 These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now Music These Are the 6 Albums You Must Listen to Now 11.14.16 John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 11.14.16 Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 days More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business WIRED Opinion The EU’s Android Antitrust Complaints Are Contrived 6 hours Chips Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 Brain Drain Giant Corporations Are Hoarding the World’s AI Talent 11.17.16 social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 11.16.16 physics Physicists Uncover Strange Numbers in Particle Collisions 6 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours Love stinks: bit.ly/2g5dZRH Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us 10 Hottest Android Stories This Week (November 18th) +3,485 Andrew Myrick Nov 18th, 2016 The amount of Android news each week can be overwhelming, but you can follow the best of the best with an app called EarlyBird – News for Android. It includes ALL of the Android news you crave and lets users decide what matters most to them. EarlyBird has recently received a huge update that allows you to subscribe to specific topics so you never miss stories about your favorite things! Download the app on the Google Play Store or, for desktop users, find related discussion in the Android Forums News section. Here’s what you picked as your favorite news stories for the week: #10 – Huawei Google Pixel 51 likes – In an interview with Huawei’s Consumer Business Group, it was confirmed that the company pulled out of negotiations with Google for development on the Pixel and Pixel XL due to Google’s plans to remove any other brand recognition. Source: Android Authority Discuss at Android Forums #9 – New Google Photos Update 52 likes – The latest update for Google Photos now allows a new slider called “Deep Blue”. This slider allows you to change the color of the sky in any photographs that you are taking. Source: The Verge Discuss at Android Forums #8 – SwiftKey Keyboard Incognito Mode 53 likes – SwiftKey has updated its Keyboard app to include a new incognito mode. This update will temporarily stop SwiftKey from learning new words and phrases. Download on Google Play Discuss at Android Forums #7 – US Phones Backdoor Hack 54 likes – It has been revealed that BLU phones include an application that is a backdoor hack which shares various pieces of information with companies in China every 72 hours. This information includes text messages, GPS location, and who you have called. Source: NY Times Discuss at Android Forums #6 – ZTE Stock Android 55 likes – ZTE has announced it is looking into creating a near-stock Android experience in its new devices. This new smartphone would be removed of all bloatware and offer a cheaper Nexus-like option. Source: ZTE Community Discuss at Android Forums #5 – Quick Charge 4 56 likes – Qualcomm has introduced the new Snapdragon 835 processor which includes Quick Charge 4.0. The new version of Quick Charge can provide up to 20% faster charging and 30% higher effiency when compared to Quick Charge 3.0. Source: Anandtech Discuss at Android Forums #4 – Google Play Music Redesign 56 likes – Google released an update to its Play Music application which features an all new interface. This update also offers more personalized suggestions on the front page of the application. Source: Musically Download on Google Play Discuss at Android Forums #3 – MKBHD Pixel Review 57 likes – MKBHD has released his video review of the Google Pixel and states that the device features enough of a upgraded performance from its camera and software to put it above the competition. Watch on YouTube Discuss at Android Forums #2 – Night Mode Android Nougat 59 likes – If you want to enable Night Mode on your non-Pixel devices, there is a new application by the name of “Night Mode enabler” which uses the System UI Tuner to enable Night Mode. Read more at WonderHowTo Download on Google Play Discuss at Android Forums #1 – Google PhotoScan App 61 likes – Google has released a new application by the name of PhotoScan which allows you to take a picture of an old print photo and have it saved within your Google Photos library. Read more at Engadget Download on Google Play Discuss at Android Forums What’s YOUR top news item for the week? Disagree with the Top 10? Let us know in the comments and vote for yourself everyday by downloading EarlyBird on Google Play! local_offer    EarlyBird   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (2) stars Further Reading Top Android Stories of the Week (November 11th) Top Android Stories of the Week (November 4th) Top Android Stories of the Week (October 28th) Top Android Stories of the Week (October 21st) Top Android stories of the week (October 14th) stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO | Reuters - Firstpost CriticalPoint Just how did Donald Trump win the US elections? Firstpost. Sunday, November 20, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics PM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee, Congress in Agra over demonetisation Opposition climbing same tree like rats, snakes in flood: Amit Shah Agra: Narendra Modi launches affordable housing scheme, says 'every Indian to have house by 2022' Arvind Kejriwal to release AAP's 'Dalit manifesto', will address 21 rallies in Punjab State-funded elections: PM Modi must realise it's an incomplete exercise without a transparent system Naela Qadri Baloch: Those who claim to be nationalists in India should stand by Balochistan Sports Ranji Trophy: Bengal eye victory against Baroda in their 400th First-class match Ranji Trophy: Gautam Gambhir, Shikhar Dhawan set to open as desperate Delhi aim for win ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC's second half rally helps them earn a draw against Atletico de Kolkata India vs England: Stuart Broad says he picked up bowling tricks from Zaheer Khan Cristiano Ronaldo's emotional speech: Watch Portugal captain address team after Euro 2016 win India vs England, 2nd Test, Day 4 stats wrap: From Alastair Cook's slowest fifty to Staurt Broad's rare Asian success India Patna-Indore Express train accident: Over 115 killed and more than 200 injured Indo-US ties are too dynamic, pulling back not in interest of anyone: Biswal Sharia banking: RBI proposes opening 'Islamic window' in banks We can work towards 'Make in India & Make with India': Israel President Reuven Rivlin Kashmir conflict: New sturdier fence might be the answer to mounting infiltration problems Demonetisation: Drive must have hit terrorism hard but we shouldn't ignore roots of corruption World Donald Trump set to announce new cabinet picks Donald Trump likely to be invited to Buckingham Palace by Queen Elizabeth II, says report Rebel rocket fire on west Aleppo hits school, kills 7 children: Syria state TV Arch-rivals Donald Trump and Mitt Romney meet, discusse world affairs Francois Hollande warns Donald Trump, says Paris climate agreement 'irreversible' Barack Obama, Xi Jinping hold final meet; US-China ties at 'hinge moment' Business Demonetisation: PM Modi aborted plan to calibrate ATMs for Rs 100 notes. Why? Demonetisation: India had civilisation before Modi became PM, says Chidambaram Demonetisation effect: Hungry stomachs are making poor seethe to the point of silent revolt 'Free agents' vs 'prisoners' at workplace: Nirmalya Kumar on rewards and punishments Demonetisation: What's with the fuss, let the Modi govt crackdown on black money Demonetisation: Narendra Modi risks too much by triggering a crisis for cooperative banks Life Indian American Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal's parents: 'She's interested in social justice' Slow Food: Why we need a movement to halt the advent of the fast, junk food culture Travels through the Amazon: Journeying through the rainforest, along Lima, Peru, Brazil Breastfeeding: Here's why it may be a good idea to nurse babies during vaccinations The day isn't far when India may have to import scientists: Vijnana Bharati's A Jayakumar St+Art Festival: How street art added colour to public spaces in Bengaluru, Hyderabad Entertainment Kattappanayile Rithwik Roshan review: A baby step on a dismal cinematic landscape Hymn for the weekend: Coldplay, Jay-Z and Narendra Modi thrill concertgoers at Global Citizen Festival Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: A worthy, magical addition to the Harry Potter universe Gilmore Girls countdown: The 10 best pop culture references from the show Rekha Bhardwaj: The musical compatibility between Vishal and me is extraordinary Twinkle Khanna on being Mrs Funnybones: 'I realised that being myself was good enough' Photos Videos Demonetisation News Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Snap's youthful founders show no fear in race to IPO | Reuters Nov 19, 2016 03:15 IST #Argentina   #Business   #Entertainment   #facebook   #science   By Reuters By Heather Somerville | SAN FRANCISCO SAN FRANCISCO Snap Inc, the red-hot messaging company, is seen by many tech investors as the next Facebook or Google, but its youthful founders are pushing far more aggressively than its predecessors in moving from scrappy startup to public company.At a time when it is fashionable in Silicon Valley to stay private as long as possible, Snap is planning an initial public offering valuing it at more than $20 billion just two years after it first began to generate revenue, even though it has plenty of cash and ample opportunity to raise more on the private markets. It is expected to be the biggest U.S. tech IPO since Facebook Inc's (FB.O) 2012 debut.It is also defying convention by declining to bring in "adult supervision" to help 26-year-old co-founder and Chief Executive Officer Evan Spiegel and 28-year-old co-founder and Chief Technology Officer Bobby Murphy manage the company. Imran Khan, a former Credit Suisse banker who played a big role in the Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd (BABA.N) IPO in 2014, is emerging as a key figure in his role as chief strategy officer.Some investors remain concerned, however, that the combination of an inexperienced management team and a sky-high valuation could be problematic."It is a very clearly inexperienced team leading a company that's asking for two things: a huge valuation and a very aggressive multiple," said Max Wolff, a market strategist at 55 Capital. "Once you start asking public investors for 30x earnings, the tolerance for mistake, misadventure and learning on the job goes down."Questions about the management team have lingered after a string of senior executives left following short stints with the company. High-profile departures include Emily White, who joined as chief operating officer from Instagram at the start of 2014 and quit after just more than a year, according to her LinkedIn profile. Mike Randall, who joined Snap from Facebook, left last year after less than a year as head of business and marketing.A spokesman for Snap declined to comment. The executive ranks have since stabilized, and executives such as finance chief Drew Vollero and hardware guru Steve Horowitz have decades of experience. Still, the departure of Jia Li, one of the highest-ranking women at the company and its head of research, to join Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google this month left another high-level opening."I think Snapchat struggles with leadership," said Dave Carvajal, an executive recruiter for tech companies. "Just because something is a great idea, it still has the very real challenge of bringing in the right people."Spiegel, an enigmatic figure who choose to locate the company in the Southern California beach town of Venice rather than Silicon Valley, has not followed the example of Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who partnered early on with Sheryl Sandberg, a former Treasury Department official and Google executive. Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin initially ceded the CEO role to veteran technology executive Eric Schmidt."I think (Spiegel) is a sole dictator type," said Lyon Wong, co-founder and partner at venture firm Spectrum 28, and former partner at Lightspeed Venture Partners, a firm that made multiple early investments into Snap.Hemant Taneja, a managing director at the venture capital firm and Snap investor General Catalyst, pointed to Khan as a key figure in the run-up to the IPO. “I think that hire was critical and they work very well together,” Taneja said. “He has taken a lot of things off of Evan’s plate so he can focus on what he does best.”Taneja said the turnover may be more indicative of Spiegel constantly upgrading the talent in his ranks.“I think that Snapchat does everything in an unconventional way,” Taneja said. “Comparing it to Facebook or another company is an incorrect way to think about it.”Wolff also noted that the company may yet bring in more experienced managers and board members ahead of the IPO. IPO AS MARKETING Snap, valued at about $18 billion, has raised roughly $2.5 billion from investors including mutual fund Fidelity Investments, Sequoia Capital, T. Rowe Price and Alibaba. It raised $1.81 billion as recently as May, according to regulatory filings.The windfall of cash just six months ago, however, did not slow Snap’s IPO talks, which have been ongoing for at least a year, according to sources familiar with the matter. An IPO early next year may help Snap capture pent-up investor demand after a prolonged IPO drought, while also getting out in front of other hotly anticipated debuts from Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] and Airbnb.“It could be easier to tell your story because everyone will be focussed on you and ready for you to make your move,” said Hans Tung, managing partner at GGV Capital. “There will be a lot of demand for this stock.”Some investors said the marketing boost and visibility that comes with an IPO is crucial to help Snapchat get more users outside the United States - and outside its dominant user base of millennials. Snapchat says it has more than 150 million daily active users.“The goal of the company is to grow as fast as possible,” venture capitalist Wong said. “And there are no more 16-year-olds for them to get onto the platform.”An IPO will give the company a more mature image that will appeal to advertisers, investors said. Snap has told investors to expect $1 billion in advertising revenue in 2017, according to sources familiar with the matter. (Additional reporting by Liana Baker in San Francisco and Lauren Hirsch in New York; Writing by Jonathan Weber; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Nov 19, 2016 03:15 IST Related News Romney under 'active consideration' for Secretary of State - Pence | Reuters Monkey incident sparks clashes in southern Libyan city of Sabha, 16 dead | Reuters Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS control | Reuters Emirates crash investigation to take up to three years: regulator | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE India Vs England Live Score IND vs ENG | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage ENG 87 2 59.2 RUNS WKTS OVERS LIVE New Zealand Vs Pakistan Live Score NZ vs PAK | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage NZ 108 2 31.3 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories Naela Qadri Baloch: Those who claim to be nationalists in India should stand by Balochistan Meet India's 1st Woman IPS Officer to Be Put in Charge of CM's Security - News18 Demonestisation LIVE: PM Modi in Agra, assures people's sacrifices won't go in vain India vs England, 2nd Test: Hosts' well-timed strikes on Day 4 put them on path to victory Use multiple credit cards to reduce credit utilization ratio - Moneycontrol Hymn for the weekend: Coldplay, Jay-Z and Narendra Modi thrill concertgoers at Global Citizen Festival Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs WI Zimbabwe tied with West Indies Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ Vs PAK New Zealand beat Pakistan by 8 wickets Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL Vs WI West Indies beat Sri Lanka by 62 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG Live Now Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 TBC vs TBC - Nov 27th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 4th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 6th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Dec 8th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters CORRECTED: Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured | Reuters Merkel's Bavarian allies welcome her decision to run for 4th term | Reuters Trump to hold series of meetings as he assembles new administration | Reuters Trump to hold series of meetings as he assembles new administration | Reuters Mali's local elections marred by protests, boycotts | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
null
null
skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu News All News Stories Talk of Iowa River to River Iowa Week 2016 Culture and Diversity 2016 Elections Iowa Archives All News Programs News Staff Classical Classical Playlists Classical Iowa Blog Iowa Arts Showcase At the Opera with IPR Performance Iowa Symphonies of Iowa Choral Tradition Classical Pronunciation Guide All Music Programs Classical Staff Studio One Studio One Playlists Studio One Blog The B-Side Blog Featured Release Backtracks Beatles Medley Blue Avenue Java Blend Studio One Tracks The Folk Tree All Music Programs Studio One Staff Playlists Classical Studio One Listening Radio & HD Listening Online Listening IPR App Radio & HD Signal Maps Printable Program Schedules Podcasts Mobile Apps Support IPR Pledge Now How to Support Vehicle Donation Business Sponsors Sustaining Membership Leadership Circle On-air Dedication Looking for your Tax Receipt? Contest Rules of Entry Events & Ways To Connect Election Hangover Happy Hour DMSC Studio One Live IPR Coloring Book Community Calendar Share Your Insights Facebook Twitter Contact Us ISDN Bookings Search Menu News All News Stories Talk of Iowa River to River Iowa Week 2016 Culture and Diversity 2016 Elections Iowa Archives All News Programs News Staff Classical Classical Playlists Classical Iowa Blog Iowa Arts Showcase At the Opera with IPR Performance Iowa Symphonies of Iowa Choral Tradition Classical Pronunciation Guide All Music Programs Classical Staff Studio One Studio One Playlists Studio One Blog The B-Side Blog Featured Release Backtracks Beatles Medley Blue Avenue Java Blend Studio One Tracks The Folk Tree All Music Programs Studio One Staff Playlists Classical Studio One Listening Radio & HD Listening Online Listening IPR App Radio & HD Signal Maps Printable Program Schedules Podcasts Mobile Apps Support IPR Pledge Now How to Support Vehicle Donation Business Sponsors Sustaining Membership Leadership Circle On-air Dedication Looking for your Tax Receipt? Contest Rules of Entry Events & Ways To Connect Election Hangover Happy Hour DMSC Studio One Live IPR Coloring Book Community Calendar Share Your Insights Facebook Twitter Contact Us ISDN Bookings Search Related Program:  River to River Media Literacy: How to Identify False or Misleading News Sources By Emily Woodbury & Ben Kieffer • Nov 18, 2016 Related Program:  River to River TweetShareGoogle+Email Daniel Rehn Listen Listening... / 44:59 Listen to the entire hour of this Friday's River to River This week, Google and Facebook announced measures aimed at halting the spread of "fake news" on the internet. Google says it’s working on a policy change that will prevent websites that misrepresent content from using its AdSense advertising network. Facebook updated its advertising policies, spelling out that its ban on deceptive and misleading content applies to fake news. The move comes as Google, Facebook and Twitter face a backlash over the role they played in the presidential election, by allowing the spread of false and often malicious information that might have swayed voters. Listen Listening... / 8:10 Hear Ben Kieffer's interview with Melissa Zimdars - River to River On this River to River interview, Ben Kieffer talks with Melissa Zimdars, a University of Iowa alumnus who now teaches at Merrimack College in North Andover, Massachusetts. She recently created a list of fake and satirical news sites that's gained a lot of attention due to the election controversy. She says the best way to discern between real and fake news content is to actually read what you're sharing. "If you're reading something and you're not sure, you can consider a few different things. One, is the news story attributed to a specific author? Google that author, Google the news sources, and read about what people are saying. If it's been reported anywhere, if it's a legitimate news source, there's likely a Wikipedia page with it," Zimdars says. "You can also just consider things like whether the article uses all-caps frequently or really exaggerated language, like one political candidate 'destroying' another political candidate. Most legitimate and reliable news sources don't use that kind of language and don't frequently use all caps in their reporting." Also on the show: Brianne Pfannenstiel of the Des Moines Register talks about a state representative's plan to introduce what he calls a “suck it up, buttercup” bill – legislation to stop what he sees as the coddling of students with taxpayer money; an update on what the latest research shows regarding the human health impacts of frac sand mining; Sarah Boden talks about protests in Cedar Rapids in response to a police shooting investigation; and an ISU researcher talks about how texting can be used as tool to help parents teach math at home. Tags:  River to River News Buzz TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content How A Cow In Your Living Room Could Make the Difference for Asthma and Allergies 3 months ago Transgender Iowan Files Complaint Due to Workplace Struggle 3 months ago Young Eagles in Quad Cities Join Monitoring Study Aiming to Protect Birds from Manmade Hazards 5 months ago © 2016 Iowa Public Radio About IPR Board of Directors Contact Us Careers at IPR Terms of Use For the Press Events
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Google Home Get the Google Home speaker for $99 at Best Buy on Black Friday New, 12 comments An Echo competitor for nearly half the price by Nick Statt@nickstatt Nov 18, 2016, 4:05pm EST share tweet Linkedin The new Google Home smart speaker is $30 off at Best Buy next week as part of the retailer’s Black Friday deals. The Home normally retails for $130, and you can get it for $99 plus six months of free YouTube Red, the video site’s ad-free subscription service, if you manage to snag the deal between November 24th and November 26th. Best Buy’s ad indicates that the deal is not restricted to in-store purchase only, so the web store listing link for the Home should reflect the price change after 5PM ET on Thanksgiving Day. While it does have its limitations now just a little over a month after launch, Google Home is a solid alternative to Amazon’s Echo speaker. Instead of using a personified AI, like the Echo’s Alexa or Apple’s Siri, Google relies on voice-powered variation of its Google Assistant, the same software that powers its new Allo chat app. Still, these speakers are mostly used to play music, get basic web info, and do small tasks like setting timers and checking directions. You can pair more than one together for a Sonos-like effect, if you’re interested in purchasing more than one. Google does have one thing going for it that others don’t: its Chromecast family of devices gives the Home an easy communication link to your media center, should you happen to own a Chromecast Audio or the standard Chromecast. For more on the best Black Friday deals kicking off next week and happening right now, check out The Verge’s dedicated hub. - Via: Droid Life - Source: Best Buy Next Up In Circuit Breaker This smart device sniffed my morning breath to check for gum disease These are some fancy iPhone corner protectors Daydream Nation Google is bringing Android app support to four more Chromebooks The Dashbot is a $49 gadget that turns your car into Knight Rider’s KITT Sony’s voice assistant earbuds will be released in the US on December 13th Now Trending Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 5. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest How to be human: everyone feels this insecure... right? by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... TL;DR Web Culture Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom In 1990, Tokyo resident Lyle Hiroshi Saxon began filming video of his life. Most of his videos, which he’s graciously put on YouTube, are simple walking shots of train stations or city streets. You’ll get a few seconds of a group of businessmen,... TL;DR Gaming Watch This Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak When Pokémon Go hit smartphones this summer, it was an unprecedented hit. It broke records in app stores, caused floods of people to converge in public parks, and might even become a movie. The game was an impressive demonstration of the... New, 0 comments Watch This Entertainment Essay Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself by Kaitlyn Tiffany French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve premiered his first two English-language films in 2013. One was the blockbuster psychological thriller Prisoners. The lesser-known, Enemy, is a moody, enthralling nightmare of a movie that seems to be... New, 1 comment Transportation Cars GM Chevy’s Bolt EV to have limited availability in 2016, with wider rollout next spring by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak General Motors had long been planning to release its all-electric Chevy Bolt before the end of 2016 — and it will, but only in California and Oregon. Wider availability — basically the rest of the country — will need to wait until 2017 says The... New, 9 comments Tech Transportation Cars BMW reportedly ends its self-driving car partnership with Chinese tech giant Baidu by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Splittsville Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Google says the Pixel’s security features are ‘better, faster’ and ‘stronger’ than other devices November 19, 2016 Download the OnePlus 3T’s beautiful wallpapers before they’re officially available November 18, 2016 Apple lowers price of iPhone 6 Plus ‘touch disease’ repair to $189 CAD November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Alcatel’s POP 7 LTE tablet hits Telus stores at $0 down November 18, 2016 Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Oculus’ Quill is the Rift’s answer to the HTC Vive’s Tilt Brush November 18, 2016 Thalmic Labs starts hiring talent to develop its next wearable November 16, 2016 New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Coca-cola releases the ‘world’s first selfie bottle’ November 17, 2016 Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Microsoft reveals collection of awesome Xbox Store Black Friday deals November 18, 2016 Eastlink releases new ‘Worry-Free Data’ tool for limiting unexpected overages November 18, 2016 Snapchat now allows users to use Bitmojis in custom geofilters November 18, 2016 Drinkbox Studios’ Severed takes home best mobile game at Canadian Video Game Awards November 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Public Mobile to offer SIMs at three locations today and tomorrow November 18, 2016 CRTC and FCC sign agreement to work together to block robocalls and spoofing November 17, 2016 Bell Canada hacker sentenced to four years in American prison November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers BlackBerry hires ‘Canada’s Smartest Person’ TV show winner November 18, 2016 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy November 18, 2016 Qualcomm announces its first 10-nanometer chip, the Snapdragon 835 November 17, 2016 Qualcomm’s Quick Charge 4 technology promises 5 hours of use for 5 minutes of charging November 17, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 Review: Is going ‘Platinum’ enough for streaming in the 2016 Ford Explorer? November 30, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Airbnb’s Trips wants to be your new Travel agency November 17, 2016 Aeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] October 20, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest A look at the 15-inch 2016 Touch Bar MacBook Pro [Gallery] November 17, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon November 18, 2016 SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Why I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement November 19, 2016 Apple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full of untapped potential November 17, 2016 Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Amikasa: Be your own interior designer with augmented reality [App of the week] November 20, 2016 Mars: Mars: Jetpack your way around the red planet [Game of the Week] November 19, 2016 Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close SyrupCast 96: Oh Snapdragon Police want the right to force Canadians to unlock their smartphones 15 glorious pictures of the Google Experience store at Best Buy Ian Hardy November 18, 2016 3:38pm Google has embarked on a new direction and is now selling its own products in Canada through a partnership with Best Buy Canada. This initiative is a North American first and there are currently four of Google’s “shop within a shop” locations: Mississauga (Heartland Town Centre), Calgary (Deerfoot Meadows), Edmonton (South Edmonton Common), and Vancouver (2220 Cambie Street location). Each location is approximately 700 square feet and is designed to be inclusive and immersive. In addition, Best Buy and Google opened ten smaller locations across Canada in October with a goal to offer those interested in experiencing the latest Google hardware firsthand, such the Pixel and Pixel XL, Daydream View and Chromecast Ultra. Similar to other carriers and manufacturers in Canada, Google will be hosting special workshops on each of its products and services, with the option to book 1:1 appointments with “Google Guides” for tech help. Janell Fischer, director of retail marketing at Google said, “We’re proud of the collaboration with Best Buy and their new Experience Stores, particularly as the concept aims to enhance the traditional way of shopping and aligns with Google’s immersive approach.” Below is a gallery of the Mississauga Heartland Town Centre location: Photography courtesy of Matthew Moniz Kian No Google Home tho….. 🙁 Jack Smith Our Best Buy in the US was sold out of the Google Home. They had a pallet but gone. Hopefully re-stocked for black Friday. Is weird the employees have no idea when more are coming in. They indicated a truck just shows up. First thought was these stores are competing with Amazon and this is how it works? hunter2 Do they have the phones without the giant security devices attached to them? I went to the one by Sherway Gardens because I wanted to get a feel for the phone. Unfortunately, those giant security devices make it impossible to get an idea of how the phone is going to feel in hand. Casey Moore Can you actually buy their products unlocked from these stores? chetankania Follow up: can you buy products that are not available on the google web store (e.g., google day dream)? If not, please explain what the purpose of this is. Jay Bird if you’re looking for the daydream..i saw them at telus at square one shopping centre. chetankania Daydream was an example. I was more wondering if this was just a physical version of the webstore. Can you get a 5x or 6p? Google home? Google WiFi? PandaBread If getting the “google experience” comes packaged with a mandatory 2 year contract or locked on a carrier, then there is no point to this whole thing. hunkyleepickle I suspect it does… thereasoner I bought my Pixel from the Play Store but I suspect that the vast majority of people still by their phones on contract. hunkyleepickle Are they selling products? JG Google is releasing Wear 2.0 in “early 2017” and evleaks suggests their in house watches will be released during Q1…. So I smell another Made By Google event in February, maybe March…. Levi is supposed to be releasing their Jacquard enabled Commuter Jacket in spring 2017 as well… But Levi already has their name all over it and likely won’t give up getting to put their label on the jacket…. And since Google doesn’t seem to want any other company’s logo/name on a MbG item… I’d kind of like to see Google preempt Levi by releasing a Jacquard Hoodie (those G hoodies in a couple of the pics above). I’d imagine they could probably find someone to make a hoodie with a Jacquard strip embedded in the sleeve(s) that would be willing to omit their own label. And there (hopefully) shouldn’t be any issue of it being rushed to production… I’m not really a jean jacket guy but I would love to get to play with the tech… I am, though a hoodie guy and spring would be the perfect time when it starts to get warmer and you can downgrade from a proper coat to a hoodie… I’d happily order a hoodie for sure… Maybe even two depending on the color options (not sure you could do more than white or black with the multi-colored G on the back) & the price of course… Jon Shopping The jacket isn’t Made By Google though. Its a partnership between the two companies. They have a logo on the website that is more than likely how you will see it on the clothing. JG The hoodies could be the Nexus – Google made non-skinned version of Jacquard, while the Commuter jacket Levi’s custom version… Ron Just in time for christmas Brad Fortin That’s a nice-looking store section. I wonder if stores like Best Buy will eventually just be a bunch of these sections from different manufacturers? Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Top 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (November 18, 2016) +7,612 Joe Fedewa Nov 18th, 2016 Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. Each week we will highlight five of the best new or overlooked apps and games. You’re sure to find some hidden gems in these recommendations. Go forth and download! 1. PhotoScan PhotoScan is an app by Google that aims to make it easy to scan and save all your printed photos. Instead of trying to use your phone to take a picture of a picture, PhotoScan uses some magic to make the process easier. Simply get the photo in frame and line up the dots. PhotoScan will piece everything together and give you a flat photo without any glare. It doesn’t work perfect every time, but when it does, it’s very cool. DOWNLOAD: PhotoScan – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: No Rating: 4.2/5 Installs: 500,000 – 1,000,000 2. Wallpaper Modder Have you ever found a cool wallpaper, but the colors are all wrong? Wallpaper Modder is a simple app that allows you to customize any wallpaper. You can adjust the hue and saturation to get the perfect color. The app also allows you to tweak the brightness, contrast, and blur to make it look exactly how you like. You can even invert the colors for a drastic new look. DOWNLOAD: Wallpaper Modder – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: 5/5 Installs: 50 – 100 3. Fingerprint Quick Actions One of the cool features on the Pixel phones is the ability to perform gestures on the fingerprint scanner. Fingerprint Quick Action is an app that brings that functionality to all phones and adds extra features. You can choose what happens when you single tap the sensor and when you swipe your finger across it. The app works with unrooted phones, but has enhanced stability with Xposed. DOWNLOAD: Fingerprint Quick Actions – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: 4.7/5 Installs: 1,000 – 5,000 4. Parallel Parallel is an unreleased game that asks you to find matching elements as fast as you can. An element is made up of a shapes, colors, and numbers. You have to act quickly to find the element shown at the bottom in the crowd of other elements. The goal is to get as many as you can in the allotted time, but every wrong answer takes your score down. See if you can beat your friends’ scores. DOWNLOAD: Parallel – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: N/A Installs: 100 – 500 5. Maze Dungeon Maze Dungeon is a game that puts you in the middle of a dark maze. The goal is to get the glowing cube to the end, but since the maze is dark you can’t see all the paths. To make things even more difficult, you only have a certain amount of moves before your cube runs out of energy. As the game gets harder you will have to match the glowing color at the end of the maze. DOWNLOAD: Maze Dungeon – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: No Rating: 4.7/5 Installs: 1,000 – 5,000 More Best Apps & Games Our Download This series includes the best apps and games you should be downloading. We also have more lists for the best apps and games on Android. Check them out below! 100 Best Android Apps Best Android Apps for learning languages Best Android apps for college students Best Android Games for Killing Time Most Addictive Android Games of 2016 Reader-voted best apps local_offer    Android Games   Best Android Apps   Download This   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (1) stars Further Reading Top 5 Apps/Games - 10/28 Best Apps/Games 10/14/16 Top 5 Apps/Games (Oct 7) Top 5 Apps/Games (Sept 30) Top 5 Apps/Games Sept 23 stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Hot Deals Apps Mobiles Internet Laptops How-To Opinions Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Photos Videos Contests News Releases Subscribe Advertise Menu Top10 Compare Reviews News & Launches Forum SKOAR Ask Digit Search Searchclose  A क అ   हिंदी తెలుగు मराठी മലയാളം தமிழ் भोजपुरी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ଓଡିଆ ગુજરાતી ಕನ್ನಡ অসমীয়া اردو Languages: Profile Login With Find Mobiles Top 10 Compare In-Depth Reviews News X Digit Mobile Phones OnePlus 3T v. Google Pixel XL v. LeEco Le Pro 3 v. ASUS ZenFone 3 Deluxe: Snapdragon 821 phones compared Here's how the latest crop of Snapdragon 821-powered smartphones compare in terms of specifications. By Karthekayan IyerKarthekayan Iyer Published Date 18 - Nov - 2016 | Last Updated 18 - Nov - 2016 Tweet   LeEco Le2 X526 (Rose Gold) 14250 The OnePlus 3T is now official, and with the arrival of the new flagship, OnePlus has done the most obvious thing - killed the previous flagship. In the case of OnePlus 3, it was not even six months old, but OnePlus has found enough reasons to go ahead with the decision. The OnePlus 3 is already officially dead in the US and Europe, and may soon be discontinued in India, too. The new OnePlus 3T improves on its predecessor in three key areas - speed, memory and battery life. The switch from Qualcomm's Snapdragon 820 SoC to Snapdragon 821 may look modest on paper, but brings more efficiency to one of the best flagship Android phones. With this processor, OnePlus is also entering a territory that doesn't have much competition, but has Google's Android flagships, the Pixel and Pixel XL, as direct competitor. Other smartphones powered by Qualcomm's Snapdragon 821 SoC are the LeEco Le Pro 3 and Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe. Both the devices are yet to launch in India, but their launch is imminent. Here, we see how the OnePlus 3T compares with Google's Pixel phones, LeEco Le Pro 3 and Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe. Design and Display All the smartphones in this price range come with unibody metal design, which is a norm among flagship smartphones these days. The OnePlus 3T is crafted out of a single slab of "space-grade" aluminium alloy, like its sibling, OnePlus 3. At 7.3mm, the smartphone offers an elegant design and is comfortably thin with sharp lines and soft curves. The OnePlus 3T's biggest design differentiator is the use of an alert slider that offers complete control over notifications, somewhat in the nature of the iPhone. If that design looks standard, then you should look at Google's less-than-standard design with Pixel. The Google Pixel features a dual-tone design of sorts, with metal and glass fused into a different look and feel. The smartphone is slim at the bottom, but takes a thicker curve at the top. Its a pretty unusual design among smartphones available in the market right now, although many have sworn semblance to Apple's flag-bearer. You may not like it, but it will never go unnoticed, especially the 'Very Blue' colour variant. The LeEco Le Pro 3 and Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe also offer unibody aluminium builds, but are similar to their predecessors in terms of design. The Zenfone 3 Deluxe is wider, but not that tall, considering its 5.7-inch display. When it comes to displays, the LeEco Le Pro 3 is the only device to sport an IPS LCD panel. The OnePlus 3T uses the same 5.5-inch Full HD Optic AMOLED display, first seen on the OnePlus 3. It was arguably one of the best smartphone displays on budget flagships, and OnePlus seems to have reserved more enhancements for the OnePlus 4. The Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe also offers a 5.7-inch Full HD Super AMOLED panel, but falls short in terms of pixel density. While both the devices offer great displays, the google pixelWhere to buy 57000 57000 XL offers an even crisper and brighter Quad HD AMOLED panel. While AMOLED panels are susceptible to oversaturation at times, it will come down to individual liking. Performance and Battery Life Google's Pixel and Google Pixel XL's highlight was the use of Snapdragon 821 with the latest Android 7.1 Nougat. The smartphones continue to dominate when it comes to integration of software and hardware. While OnePlus 3T, Zenfone 3 Deluxe and Le Pro 3 get the latest Snapdragon 821 under the hood, they are yet to receive the latest Android operating system update. Google's Pixel XL here comes only with 4GB RAM, while the OnePlus 3T and Zenfone 3 Deluxe offer 6GB RAM out of the box. LeEco's Le Pro 3 comes in 4 and 6GB RAM variants, but we are yet to encounter an application that demands such resources. One thing is certain, it is always better to have maximum memory at disposal. When it comes to battery life, however, the LeEco Le Pro 3 stands out from all the other devices. It houses a generous 4070mAh battery, and has modest specifications to drive it. Google's Pixel XL, on the other hand, packs a 3450mAh battery, which is decent enough to last one full day of heavy use. The OnePlus 3T also jumps to a bigger 3400mAh battery, ensuring that it lasts one full day. OnePlus 3 already fared decently on battery tests, and a bigger battery should mean even longer endurance. Asus' Zenfone 3 Deluxe packs the smallest battery of the four phones here, but we observed that the standard Zenfone 3 lasted really well with a 3000mAh battery. It will be worth watching how the same fares with Snapdragon 821 SoC and 6GB RAM under the hood. Camera Google's Pixel and Pixel XL offer one of the best smartphone cameras in the market right now, and it truly shows its prowess. The Pixels use HDR+ mode by default, and is really fast in delivering the final result. The smartphone also launches the camera with one tap, which is a boon when you want to click on the move. The OnePlus 3T should come close to it - and although it doesn't use a wide aperture lens and bigger pixels, the software is reliable and competent. The image sensor paired with OnePlus' Oxygen OS delivers great results on the OnePlus 3. The OnePlus 3T will also appeal to folks obsessed with selfies, and the newly improved 16MP front camera with PDAF should deliver better selfies in low light than competition. Storage and Price The LeEco Le Pro 3 and Google Pixel XL start with 32GB storage, while OnePlus starts from 64GB storage. Asus takes a significant storage leap by offering only one variant with 256GB onboard storage. OnePlus 3T, Pixel XL and LePro 3 can also be bought with 128GB storage - which is the new sweet spot among smartphones in terms of storage. The OnePlus 3T starts at $439 (approx. Rs. 30,000) for the 64GB variant, and while the 128GB variant is costlier by another $40 (Rs. 33,000), they both offer tremendous value for the money spent. Asus has announced a price of Rs 62,999 for its Zenfone 3 Deluxe, but the device is not yet available for purchase. The LeEco Le Pro 3 is yet to launch in India, but it is expected to come with a disruptive pricing like all previous budget flagship smartphones from the company. Google's Pixel XL starts at Rs 67,000, which may sound huge, but Google is promising an experience that is only available on the Pixel phones, for now. If you want to stay ahead of the curve with stock Android experience and an assistant responding to 'Ok Google' all the time, the Pixel is practically the only device until further updates to the new Snapdragon 821 devices, soon. Karthekayan Iyer  Karthekayan.Iyer@9dot9.in Where to buy OnePlus 3 (Graphite, 64 GB) Buy Now Micromax Canvas Spark 3 8 Gb Rs. 4299 Buy Now Lenovo VIBE P1m (Black, 16 GB) Rs. 6999 Buy Now Interesting Galleries  Best smartphones to buy under Rs.... 14 upcoming mobile phones you should expect in India in 2016 Best camera phones under Rs. 15,000 (November 2016) Best smartphones under Rs. 15,000 with great battery backup 10 smartphone sequels to look forward to in 2015 10 best smartphones between Rs. 10,000 to Rs. 20,000... 26 upcoming & latest smartphones to check-out Slimmest phones you can buy in India [November 2015] The best upgrade options for 10 classic smartphones Huawei P8: First Look Xiaomi Mi4i vs Asus Zenfone 2 (2GB): Quick Comparison LG G4: First Look Asus Zenfone 2 and Zenfone Selfie: In Pictures Sony's current & upcoming Xperia phones: An Overview Micromax Canvas Sliver 5: First Look Sony Xperia C4: First Look Coolpad Dazen X7 and Dazen 1: In pictures LeEco Chairman reaffirms the importance of the Indian Market | Click to know more ​ Trending Reliance Jio may launch 4G VOLTE phones under Rs. 1000 soon OnePlus 3T with Snapdragon 821 to launch today: Everything... OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: A look at what's changed? OnePlus 3T launched with Snapdragon 821 and 3400mAh battery OnePlus 3 is officially dead in the US and Europe: Report Moto Z Play: Performance Comparison and Display test Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) rumoured to launch with 16MP front... Ming Chi Kuo says iPhone 8 Plus will have 5.5 inch OLED... Vivo Xplay6 launched with dual-curved display and dual rear... Currency Demonetisation: Here's how ATM reconfiguration... Recent Nokia confirms return to smartphones in 2017 Apple could make future iPhones in the US: Report iPhones automatically back up call logs for up to four... Lenovo ZUK Edge leaked images suggest no curved display... Apple announces repair program for iPhone 6 Plus 'Touch... Qualcomm, Samsung partner to manufacture Snapdragon 835 SoC Vivo X9, X9 Plus launched with dual front-facing cameras Teardown reveals 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar to be... InFocus Epic 1 Gionee S9 launched with 5.5-inch display, dual rear camera... Load page 1 ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE PRIVACY TERMS SITEMAP HTML Digit Digit caters to the largest community of tech buyers, users and enthusiasts in India. The all new Digit.in continues the legacy of Thinkdigit.com as one of the largest portals in India committed to technology users and buyers. Digit is also one of the most trusted names when it comes to technology reviews and buying advice and is home to the Digit Test Lab, India's most proficient center for testing and reviewing technology products. 9.9 MEDIA We are about leadership – the 9.9 kind! Building a leading media company out of India. And, grooming new leaders for this promising industry. Copyright © 2007-14 Nine Dot Nine Mediaworx Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. LeEco Le2 X526 (Rose Gold 14,250/- Buy Now Coolpad Note 5 (Royal Gol 10,999/- Buy Now Philips AC4025 40 -Watt A 16,500/- Buy Now Apple iPhone 7 (128GB, Ro 64,888/- Buy Now
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Snapchat is doing everything it can to avoid the creepy nerdiness of Google Glass Alex Heath Nov. 14, 2016, 3:13 PM 8,705 facebook linkedin twitter email print Spectacles marketing vs. an infamous photo of tech figure Robert Scoble wearing Google Glass in the shower. Snap / Robert Scoble The last thing Snap Inc. wants is for its new Spectacles to become the next Google Glass. Google released Glass in 2013 to much fanfare in the tech industry. Some thought the head-mounted display, which projected information like phone notifications and the weather over a glasses lense, would usher in the future of augmented reality computing. That didn't happen. Google Glass was a complete flop. Those who wore them were called "Glassholes." Google never iterated past a $1,500 developer prototype, and quietly killed the project two years later. Seriously, would you be caught wearing these on a date? Kyle Russell/Business Insider A pair of Spectacles is like the anti-Glass. For starters, there's no fancy augmented reality tech that displays visual information on top of the glasses as you wear them. People close to Snap say that kind of technology is part of the company's future roadmap, but it's a long way off. Instead, Spectacles are ultra-simple and designed to look like a quirky pair of Ray-Bans. They record 10-second clips of video that get sent straight to the Snapchat app. They only cost $130. This simplicity is very much by design, and it's why Snap CEO Evan Spiegel called Spectacles a "toy" when they were first announced.  Snap employees are terrified of Spectacles being perceived in the same kind of creepy, nerdy way that Google Glass was, according to someone familiar with their thinking. It's why that Spectacles light up around the camera while recording — to help people feel like they're not being constantly monitored. And it's why Spectacles are marketed like this: Snapchat And not like this: Glass Collective Snapchat is already beloved by young people. By selling Spectacles through bright yellow vending machines that pop up in one city for 24 hours and then disappear (like messages in the app), Snap is setting itself up its glasses as a cool, exclusive status symbol out of the gate. And by all indications the approach is working. While the glasses have so far only been on sale for in Venice Beach and Big Sur, early reviews are overwhelmingly positive. Pairs of Spectacles are reselling for thousands of dollars on eBay. People are frantically tweeting about where to find the next vending machine pop-up. It's still too early to tell if Spectacles will be a success, but they already have the cool factor that Glass never had. And as long as Robert Scoble doesn't wear them in the shower, they have a shot at staying cool. Chances are slim that I'll get a pair of @Spectacles. Which sucks when I've seen people walking away with multiples :/. pic.twitter.com/OyJl9ZVfFM — David McGreavy (@DominusNoctis) November 10, 2016 SEE ALSO: Everything you need to know about Snapchat's Spectacles glasses, including how to buy them NOW WATCH: A hacker reveals a simple way to come up with a strong password that's easy to remember Loading video... More: SNAP Snapchat Spectacles Google Glass facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Snapchat is doing everything it can to avoid the creepy nerdiness of Google Glass Snapchat is doing everything it can to avoid the creepy nerdiness of Google Glass The last thing Snap Inc. wants is for its... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The 10 worst things about Snapchat Spectacles +4,235 Chris Chavez Nov 18th, 2016 Snapchat Spectacles are here and if you’re thinking about buying a pair — whenever they come to your town — we wanted to make sure you know exactly what you’re getting yourself into. Priced at $130, they’re not perfect. Far from it. I’ve spent just a little over a week with them so in an effort to keep you well informed (and vent some of my frustrations), here are the top 10 worst things about Snapchat Spectacles. The insanely frustrating buying process By far the worst — and most frustrating — thing about Snapchat Spectacle’s is how they’re exclusively being sold from Snapchat’s custom vending machines. Dubbed the Snapbot, nobody knows where the vending machines will pop up next, forcing users to tune into Snapchat’s website where they post the location the day of. The problem with this is the vending machines only hold so many units, so they often sell out minutes after they appear on the map. So yeah, you probably wouldn’t even be able to buy a pair if you wanted to. Don’t get me wrong, I get it. The playfulness of the Snapbot and random locations it pops up are generating an insane amount of buzz for something pretty basic: video glasses. Either way, that doesn’t make it any less frustrating. At the very least if Snapchat made these available online — even in extremely limited quantities — it would take some of the sting out of driving hours to buy a pair, only to be told they’re all gone once you arrived. So, where’s the Spectacles Snapbot headed next? Well, that’s anyone’s guess but it appears they could have two machines — one moving around the west coast and another making its way east. Of course, there’s no way to be sure with only a single Snapbot going live each day. For now, you’ll have to keep your browsers locked to Spectacles.com/map to see where they’ll show up next. They don’t take photos Taking photos and sharing with others is one of the fundamental ways Snapchat works. It’s literally what the social network was built upon. So you’d think that, when creating fancy new sunglasses with an integrated camera, snapping photos would have been on the agenda from the start, right? Wrong. Spectacles can’t actually take photos at all, forcing users to shoot short videos clips and video only. It’s actually pretty lame considering how much fun circular videos can be when viewing from inside the app — why not photos? We’ll continue crossing our fingers that a future software update for Spectacles will add this functionality, but we’re not holding our breath. They’re completely useless at night Okay, obviously since Spectacles are sunglasses, it only makes sense that night time shooting would be pretty darn difficult. We’re sure this was done by design, but can’t help but wonder how fun it’d be to shoot some hands-free Snaps in a restaurant or indoors at the next family gathering. Simple solution could have been lenses that get darker when outside, but clear when indoors. That, or perhaps they could create some that work with prescription lenses, just like Google Glass did back in the day. In either case, don’t expect to wear these at night. You’ll look super creepy. They’re kinda silly looking Google Glass’ Titanium “Classic” look was more masculine Maybe ugly isn’t the right word, just… you know… different? I know, Spectacles aren’t meant to be super cool or trendy sunglasses, they’re meant to be something else entirely. Something fun. Like a toy. This makes sense given their playful circular design, but even then they kind of messed that up. Someone on Twitter pointed out a missed opportunity with their design, making a small tweak to the nose bridge to resemble Snapchat’s iconic “ghost” design. Image credit: @jayemsee I’m fine with the design as it stands, but it’s more feminine than anything. The outer edges where the corners curve up look extremely feminine (like cat eyes) and overall, the side is small for larger male heads. It would have been nice to see them also offer a more traditional Ray-Ban-ish style frame. Even Google Glass figured this out with multiple shapes and sizes for both men and women. I know that this is more or less an initial test run for Spectacles, so if they end up catching on with consumers (providing they ever become widely available), new styles could still be in the cards. Video quality sucks Snapchat isn’t exactly known for delivering high-quality HD content, quite the contrary. But even then, it’s 2016 — everything on the planet should be capable of shooting in at least 1080p by now. No exceptions. Spectacles on the other hand shoot circular 720p video, the bare minimum required to qualify for the “HD” title. Even though Snapchat absolutely butchers the video quality when sharing with others, there’s still the option to download these videos to your device. Having them preserved in 1080p full HD would have been nice. Transferring video is slow and buggy The reason for the lower video quality on the Spectacles likely has to do with the fact that they transfer videos to your device over Bluetooth. This isn’t the most efficient way of transferring large amounts of data and as a result, the entire process can be extremely long and drawn out. To get around this, Spectacles will first upload a low quality SD (standard definition) video first, followed by the HD video (720p/60fps) later on which then overwrites it. During this time, your phone has to be unlocked and sometimes you’ll need to make sure the Snapchat app is actually open. Errors and transfers failures are common and typically happen when you turn off your phone’s display before the transfer can finish. Battery life sucks and they’re slow to charge In our testing, we found you can take around 30 Snaps before Spectacles craps out on you. This is equal to about 3 minutes of video and although this sounds pretty terrible, keep in mind that it’s transferring two videos — the SD and HD versions — with every Snap. The battery life wouldn’t be such a big issue if the dang glasses were quicker to charge up. We found it takes a full hour to charge the Spectacles from 0-100% inside their case. With such a tiny battery, you’d think it’d be a lot quicker. Adding insult to injury, you can’t even connect the charging cable to the Spectacles while they’re in use since the connector is behind the hinge. It’s not like we’d be charging while wearing them all the time, but it would be a nice option if we forgot to charge them before heading out. They absolutely murder your smartphone’s battery life The strain that comes from the constant transferring of video not only affects the Spectacles themselves, but greatly impacts your smartphone battery life as well. If you’ve spent any length of time in the Snapchat app, you’ll know that Snapchat alone is already extremely battery intensive. Because you have to open the app to start the transfer process, the combination of HD video transferring to your phone, being uploaded to the cloud — all the while the app keeps your camera open in the background — it’s all incredibly taxing on your phone’s CPU. This only gets worse should you decide to edit your Snaps before sharing them. You can literally count the seconds as your battery percentage drops. Yeah, you’re going to want to keep a charger handy. The case is bulky and oddly shaped To help protect your $130 investment, Snap Inc. included a case that also acts as a charger and it’s easily one of our favorite features about Spectacles. The problem? The thing is freaking huge, far larger than what it needs to be. Because it’s in an oddly shaped triangle, it means you won’t be able to take the case with you unless you have a bag or purse to stash it, even then it’s going to take up a lot of space. The part that gets us is if they simply chose a normal shaped sunglasses case, shaving off two of the corners, it would dramatically cut down on the bulk. This would have made it possible to slip into a coat or back pocket, something that’s impossible in its current state. A tad bit overpriced for what they offer At $130, the Snapchat Spectacles aren’t quite an impulse buy. That kind of pricing places the sunglasses right up there with designer brands like Ray-Ban. Although you’re not getting quite the same quality, an argument can be made that Spectacles do more than your average glasses, but the technology behind it isn’t exactly groundbreaking. It really seems like Snapchat is trying to milk the whole and even $100 sounds much more reasonable. Still early adopters are used to paying a premium when it comes to being the first kid on the block with fancy new gear and Spectacles are no different. Sure, you could technically flip the glasses by selling them on eBay for huge profits, but once availability isn’t quite as elusive, all those eager buyers are sure to fall to the wayside. ****** To wrap things up, we just want to say that just because we don’t feel like there’s nothing to love about Spectacles, quite the contrary. Spectacles are meant to be fun, enjoyed in the sun, and add a little extra utility to the sunglasses you’re already wearing. The fact that you can add a whole new — completely hands-free — perspective to the videos you share online is a huge draw, something social media junkies are sure to appreciate. So far, I’ve been enjoying our time spent with the glasses. Even though I, personally, was never too involved in Snapchat, the simple fact that I can easily share something in the moment with the glasses already on my face, means I’ll likely be using the social network more than ever. If you’ve been looking to dive into the wonderful world of Snapchat, but find it a bit confusing or don’t know where to start, we have a comprehensive guide on all the ins and outs. For more on the glasses themselves, check out our complete guide How to Use Snapchat Spectacles. Getting started and adding friends on Snapchat Using the Snapchat camera, filters, 3D Lenses & Face Swap Every Chat 2.0 feature including, Snapcash, Blocking users, and more Everything to know about My Story, Live Stories, and Discover Using Snapchat Memories to download, delete, & backup your Snaps Complete guide to Snapchat’s Symbol, Emoji, Scores, and Trophy definitions local_offer    snap inc   Snapchat   Snapchat Spectacles   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (7) stars Further Reading Mobile Roar 156: SPectacle How to use Snapchat Spectacles Snapchat Glasses Review [VIDEO] Snapchat Spectacles are now on sale (but only Facebook takes on Snapchat with new disappearing messages stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Elad Blog Friday, November 18, 2016 Facebook Must Really Suck At Machine Learning Facebook recently claimed it is hard[1] to differentiate between fake news[2] and real news. Given how similar fake news detection is to related problems such as search index spam, ads landing page spam, social networking bots, and porn detection this suggests one of two things: (1) Facebook really sucks at machine learning or (2) Facebook does not want to address the problem. Lets look at each of these: 1. Facebook Sucks At Machine Learning? Over the course of my career I worked on, amongst other things, Google mobile products (including mobile search index and looking at items like porting Google News to mobile), Google ads targeting to pages across the web, and Twitter Search (I was Director of Search Product for a time). At both Google and Twitter, the companies had to deal with large number of ambiguous signals including: Ambiguous content on web pages. Google classifies these pages for search results, but also to determine the right set of ads to target to the pages. This included semantic analysis of the pages as well as a look at page "quality" scores. Fake landing pages for ads. Google needs to make sure ads and the web pages the ads pointed too were legitimate. Spam tweets. There were (and are) a lot of bots and spam tweets on Twitter. The service was continuously removing poorly ranked tweets from search results.  In all cases, the important thing to do was to understand the content of a tweet, web page, or other content unit, and then to rank the relative quality and importance of that content. Similar problems also exist in areas like Google web index spam and porn detection. In all cases, there are a lot of shades of grey - i.e. there is a fine line between porn and not-porn, or a spammy tweet and a silly or satiric tweet. Facebook has developed a number of technologies to rank its news feed, to target ads, and to classify its users. However, the claim from Facebook has been that fake news is a complex area, and this complexity makes it difficult to address. Intriguingly, a group of undergrads at Princeton were able to build a quick and dirty fake news classifier during a 36 hour hackathon. It is possible these Princeton students a set of once-in-a-generation geniuses. Or, perhaps, fake news is actually tractable as a problem using existing techniques Facebook already has in house. 2. Facebook Does Not Want To Address The Problem? Facebook's CEO recently posted that 99% of news post on Facebook are not fake (see below for chart of Facebook user engagement with fake versus non-fake news). Facebook has also been under fire by the right for its "liberal bias". This prompted Facebook to hold a meeting with leading conservative members of the GOP to discuss its newsfeed and how to play a non-partisan role in content. Fake news is not a partisan issue. It is about ensuring that people are helped to understand what is real and what are lies. A lack of willingness to tackle the issue of fake news is a willingness to accept a lack of truth in our society at mass scale. Other Companies You Can Work At Instead Of Facebook Great engineers want to work with other great engineers. If Facebook lacks the talent to address the fake news problem, do you really want to join an organization so poor at machine learning? Alternatively, if Facebook simply lacks the will to address this issue, it might be something worth taking into account as well. A number of talented engineers are also immigrants - a group much maligned in fake news posts. If you are a talented machine learning or AI engineer, there are a number of companies you can work at instead of Facebook. Some potential ideas: Google. Lots of amazing Machine learning problems across search, ads, AGI, virtual assistants, etc. Uber. Work on intelligent routing and optimization, self driving cars, and other technologies. Microsoft. Microsoft is working on applying machine learning to health care problems like cancer. Tesla. Self-driving cars. Wish. Large scale commerce platform powered by data analytics and ML. Stripe. Payment fraud and other areas that power our global payments infrastructure. Netflix. Media recommendations. Apple. While less known for machine learning, Apple has been applying it to areas around privacy as well as apps like Siri. Amazon. Amazon has been doing cool things in voice recognition technology with Alexa/Echo. In addition, I would not be surprised if AWS extended its efforts around GPU clusters as well. Dozens of AI startups. There are lots of Deep Learning, AI, and ML companies that have been funded recently. There are lots of cool things for you to work on instead. If you work on machine learning or data science and want to work somewhere other then Facebook - feel free to drop me a line. I am happy to refer you to a few dozen companies as alternatives. Notes [1] Exact quote from Zuckerberg is: "This is an area where I believe we must proceed very carefully though. Identifying the "truth" is complicated. While some hoaxes can be completely debunked, a greater amount of content, including from mainstream sources, often gets the basic idea right but some details wrong or omitted. An even greater volume of stories express an opinion that many will disagree with and flag as incorrect even when factual. I am confident we can find ways for our community to tell us what content is most meaningful, but I believe we must be extremely cautious about becoming arbiters of truth ourselves." This "grey area" argument is made all the time. Yet machine learning classifiers work incredibly well for porn and other areas that have lots of grey. Similarly, getting rid of the 80% easy to spot, most egregious stuff is a good starting point. This argument strikes me as a red herring. [1] "Fake news" is a nice way to say lies and propaganda.  Posted by Elad Gil at 11:32 AM Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest Older Post Home Subscribe To Posts Atom Posts Comments Atom Comments Search This Blog About Me Elad Gil San Francisco, CA, United States I am a serial entrepreneur obsessed with technology and startups. My last startup Mixer Labs was acquired by Twitter. I am now working on something new. www.linkedin.com/in/eladgil View my complete profile Blog Archive ▼  2016 (6) ▼  November (1) Facebook Must Really Suck At Machine Learning ►  August (1) ►  July (2) ►  January (2) ►  2015 (5) ►  October (1) ►  May (1) ►  March (1) ►  January (2) ►  2014 (18) ►  December (3) ►  September (1) ►  August (2) ►  July (4) ►  February (3) ►  January (5) ►  2013 (9) ►  November (1) ►  June (2) ►  May (1) ►  April (1) ►  March (1) ►  February (2) ►  January (1) ►  2012 (17) ►  November (2) ►  October (4) ►  September (3) ►  August (1) ►  July (1) ►  April (2) ►  March (1) ►  February (2) ►  January (1) ►  2011 (29) ►  December (2) ►  November (3) ►  September (2) ►  August (3) ►  June (2) ►  May (2) ►  April (2) ►  March (5) ►  February (3) ►  January (5) ►  2010 (33) ►  December (3) ►  November (1) ►  October (6) ►  September (5) ►  August (3) ►  July (4) ►  June (2) ►  May (1) ►  March (2) ►  February (5) ►  January (1) ►  2009 (9) ►  December (1) ►  October (1) ►  August (1) ►  June (3) ►  March (1) ►  January (2) ►  2008 (3) ►  December (1) ►  October (1) ►  June (1) ►  2007 (3) ►  December (1) ►  November (1) ►  August (1) EG Picture Window template. Powered by Blogger.
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Arizona State-Washington scouting report and prediction Arizona State travels to No. 6 Washington, trying to break a four-game losing streak. Post to Facebook Arizona State-Washington scouting report and prediction Arizona State travels to No. 6 Washington, trying to break a four-game losing streak.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2fDFyVe {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Arizona State-Washington scouting report and prediction Doug Haller , azcentral sports 7:33 p.m. MST November 18, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share azcentral sports' Doug Haller and Jeff Metcalfe on ASU's upcoming matchup with Washington. David Wallace/azcentral sports A Washington flag and the team mascot Harry the Husky leads the team on the field against Portland State on Saturday, Sept. 17, 2016, in Seattle. (Photo: AP Photo/John Froschauer) Arizona State travels to No. 6 Washington, trying to break a four-game losing streak. The Sun Devils need one more win to reach bowl eligibility. Let's examine: ASU first and foremost The Sun Devils (5-5 and 2-5 in the Pac-12) have won just once since Sept. 25, losing five of six and four in a row. ASU hasn’t lost five in a row since Dennis Erickson’s final team closed out the 2011 season. ASU at Washington: TV, radio information ASU key player Kalen Ballage. The junior running back has showed off his versatility all season, taking snaps out of ASU's "Sparky" formation. Arizona State running back Kalen Ballage runs for a 52-yard touchdown against Washington State on Saturday, Oct. 22, 2016 in Tempe, Ariz.  (Photo: Rob Schumacher/azcentral sports) Even with ASU's running game bottled up, Ballage has posted back-to-back 100-yard receiving games. ASU key stat 10 - ASU has beaten Washington 10 consecutive times, the Pac-12’s longest active streak among conference teams. The Sun Devils haven't lost in Seattle since 1997. Washington first and foremost The No. 6 Huskies (9-1 and 6-1 in the Pac-12) are coming off last week’s 26-13 home loss to USC, a setback that cost them a top-four sport in the College Football Playoff rankings. Pick Six: This week's Sun Devils podcast Washington still has a chance to make the playoff, but it cannot afford another misstep. Washington key player John Ross. The speedy receiver might be the Pac-12’s best big-play threat, hauling in 52 catches for 896 yards and 15 touchdowns. For an ASU team that struggles with the big play -- especially through the air -- this doesn't bode well. Washington key stat 1.5 – Washington leads the country in turnover margin at 1.5 per game. The Huskies have forced 24 turnovers (second nationally), while giving up nine. ASU on offense The Sun Devils feel better about themselves. Coach Todd Graham said QB Manny Wilkins (ankle/toe/shoulder) practiced more this week than he has in some time. RG Stephon McCray also could play after missing most of the last two games with injury. Bickley: Graham, ASU need a little more time After a fast start, ASU has failed to run the ball throughout most of Pac-12 play, which has forced OC Chip Lindsey to be creative. RB Kalen Ballage (13 TDs) has posted 100-yard receiving games in his last two games. Arizona State Sun Devils fans cheer as Arizona State Sun Devils wide receiver N'Keal Harry (1) scores a touchdown during the first half at Sun Devil Stadium, Nov. 10, 2016.  (Photo: Joe Camporeale-USA TODAY Sports) WR N’Keal Harry also has proved to be a versatile weapon. In Pac-12 games, ASU averages 29 points (eighth in the Pac-12) and 4.8 yards per play (last). … Washington gives up 21.3 points in Pac-12 action (third in the conference) and 5.2 yards per play (fourth). Aside from being one of the nation’s best at forcing turnovers, the Huskies averages 2.8 sacks per game, which ranks 24th nationally. They’ve held four of seven Pac-12 opponents under 400 total yards. A blow: Washington has lost two standout players LB Azeem Victor and DE Joe Mathis -- this month to season-ending injuries. Advantage: Washington.   ASU on defense ASU expects to have four-year starter LB Salamo Fiso back after a two-game absence because of injury. That should help with communication issues, which led to two TDs in last week’s loss at Utah. Big plays have killed the Sun Devils all season. They have given up scoring plays of 50-plus yards in every game but one, at Texas-San Antonio. Graham: I'm 100 percent responsible for defensive struggles An emphasis this week: Forcing turnovers. Graham noted more than once that Washington turned the ball over twice in last week’s loss to USC. In 10 games, ASU has forced 14 turnovers (seven fumbles and seven INTs). In Pac-12 games, ASU gives up 40.3 points (ninth in the Pac-12) and 6.9 yards per play (tied for 10th). … Washington QB Jake Browning is in the Heisman Trophy conversation. His 35 TD passes are already a school season record.  He has thrown just five INTs. His main targets: WR John Ross (15 TDs) and Dante Pettis (11). The Huskies run the ball on 58 percent of their total plays, but rushed for only 17 yards in last week’s loss to USC.  RB Myles Gaskin has rushed for 1,003 yards and 8 TDs. Advantage: Washington. Special teams ASU likely will need to come up big here to have a chance, but it won’t be easy. Washington has two of the nation’s most explosive returners. ASU has been slowed in recent weeks because of returner Tim White’s health. White said this week he hasn’t felt 100 percent since the season opener. He’s still dangerous, however, ranking ninth nationally in punt-return yardage (13.67). Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Dan Bickley: Let's not forget, this was never a season of high expectations. But clearly, Todd Graham needs to change some things. Video: azcentral sports Kicker Zane Gonzalez remains on his All-America march, making 22 of 23 FGs, including 16 in a row.  Washington’s Dante Pettis ranks 14th nationally in punt returns (12.5 yards) but has a school record five returns for TDs, including two this season. Throughout his career, John Ross has returned four kickoffs for TDs, including one this year. Cameron Van Winkle has made 10 of 14 FGs. Advantage: Even. Bottom line The Sun Devils are visiting Seattle at a bad time. Expert picks for the ASU-Washington game Not only is Washington coming off its only loss, it remains in the College Football Playoff hunt, which means there’s little chance the Huskies will get caught looking ahead to next week’s Apple Cup. This could get ugly. Prediction Washington 48, ASU 26. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A closer look at Pac-12 football stadiums  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Take a closer look at the football stadiums in the Pac-12.  Christian Petersen/Getty Images Fullscreen ARIZONA WILDCATS. Venue: Arizona Stadium. Location: Tucson, Arizona. Opened: 1929.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Current capacity: 56,037. Largest crowd: 59,920 watched a 56-14 loss to rival ASU on Nov. 23, 1996.  Photo: Casey Sapio/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A view of Arizona Stadium, home of the Arizona Wildcats, in Tucson.  Photo: Casey Sapio/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen A 2014 aerial view of Sun Devil Stadium, home of the Sun Devils, at ASU in Tempe.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Sun Devil Stadium's new south endzone student section was unveiled during the 2015 season.  Photo: David Wallace/azcentral sports Fullscreen A view of Sun Devil Stadium's south end zone under construction on May 21, 2015.  Hunt Construction Fullscreen After renovations during 2015, Sun Devil Stadium had a capacity of 64, 248. It will be smaller for the 2016 but the number hasn't been announced as of Feb. 2016.  Photo: Matt Kartozian/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen An aerial view of Cal's Memorial Stadium in Berkeley.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen On Dec. 5, 2013, venue was re-named Kabam Field at California Memorial Stadium. Current capacity: 63,186.  Photo: Stephen Lam/Getty Images Fullscreen The stadium was funded from public contributions as a memorial to Californians who lost their lives in World War I. The stadium was built at a total cost of $1,437,982.  Photo: Stephen Lam/Getty Images Fullscreen Perhaps the most famous play in college football history occurred on Nov. 20, 1982, in a game vs. Stanford as Cal returned a kickoff using five laterals to score a touchdown as the Stanford band was marching out on the field.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Some fans, hoping to watch Cal games for free, gather on the hillside overlooking the eastern side of the stadium, a location known as "Tightwad Hill".  Photo: Kyle Terada/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Colorado Buffaloes. Venue: Folsom Field. Location: Boulder, Colorado. Opened: 1924.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Capacity: 53,613. A crowd of 54,972 watched a 31-28 Buffaloes win over rival Colorado State on Sept. 3, 2005.  Photo: Ron Chenoy/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The field sits at a 5,440-foot elevation. Folsom Field was originally known as Colorado Stadium until 1944. It was renamed in honor of coach Frederick Folsom.  Photo: Ron Chenoy/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Oregon Ducks. Venue: Autzen Stadium. Location: Eugene, Oregon. Opened: 1967.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Capacity is listed at 54,000 but crowd sizes routinely surpass that figure.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The stadium got its name from Thomas J. Autzen, who donated $250,000 in the ‘60s. Autzen was an alum of rival Oregon State.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Autzen Stadium served as the Faber College stadium in the 1978 movie "Animal House". The inaugural Pac-12 title game was held in 2011.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Oregon State Beavers play in Reser Stadium in Corvallis, Oregon. It opened in 1953.  Google maps Fullscreen Stadium capacity is 45,674. A crowd of 47,249 watched a 48-24 loss to Oregon on Nov. 24, 2012.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The stadium was originally known as Parker Stadium until June 14, 1999, when Al and Pat Reser of Beaverton, Ore., made a sizable donation.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Stanford Cardinals play in Stanford Stadium, located in Stanford, Calif. It opened in 1921 and was renovated after the 2005 season.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Capacity: 50,000. A crowd of 51,607 fans was on hand for a Cardinal 36-35 victory over USC on Oct. 9, 2010.  Photo: Getty Images Fullscreen Stanford Stadium hosted Herbert Hoover's 1928 presidential nomination acceptance speech, Olympic soccer matches in 1984, Super Bowl XIX in 1985, World Cup soccer matches in 1994 and Women's World Cup soccer matches in 1999.  Ezra Shaw/Getty Images Fullscreen UCLA plays at he Rose Bowl in Pasadena. It opened in 1922. UCLA has played there since 1982.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen The Rose Bowl's capacity is 91,136. The largest crowd was 104,991 for UCLA's 24-14 win over Michigan in the 1983 Rose Bowl.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Rose Bowl was used in the '32 and '84 Olympics as well as the '94 World Cup. The Steelers' Super Bowl XIV win over the Rams in 1980 is the all-time Super Bowl attendance record at 103,985.  Photo: USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen USC plays at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. It opened in 1923.  Google maps Fullscreen Current capacity is 93,607. The largest crowd was 104,953 for a 38-7 loss to Notre Dame back on Dec. 6, 1947.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Coliseum hosted the Summer Olympics in 1932 and 1984.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The largest attendance was for an exhibition baseball game between the Dodgers and the Red Sox in 2008 in front 115,300 fans.  Lisa Blumenfeld/Getty Images Fullscreen The Coliseum hosted the NFL's Rams from 1946-1979, the NFL's Raiders from 1982-1994 and MLB's Dodgers from 1958-1961.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen USC took over operations of the Coliseum in July 2013. Per the agreement, the Coliseum will remain the home of USC football for the next 98 years.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen UTAH UTES. Venue: Rice-Eccles Stadium. Location: Salt Lake City, Utah. Opened: 1998.  Google maps Fullscreen Capacity: 45,017. A crowd of 46,768 watched a 31-24 win Cal on Sept. 11, 2003, a game that featured future first-round NFL quarterbacks: Utah's Alex Smith and Cal's Aaron Rodgers.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Utah previously played in two other stadiums: Ute Stadium (1927-1971) and Rice Stadium (1972-1997). … Rice-Eccles Stadium hosted the Opening and Closing Ceremony of the Salt Lake Olympic Winter Games in '02.  Russ Isabella-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Other than the 2003 game vs. Cal, only three other games have surpassed the 46,000 attendance mark: USC in 2012 (46,037), TCU in 2010 (46,522) and BYU in 2008 (46,488).  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Washington Huskies play at Husky Stadium in Seattle. It opened in 1920.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen Current capacity: 70,138. It is believed that the ‘wave' was born at Husky Stadium on Halloween in 1981.  Photo: Getty Images Fullscreen The Huskies beat Willamette 108-0 on Sept. 26, 1925, for the program's largest home victory. … the NFL's Seahawks called Husky Stadium home for two seasons (2000-2001).  Otto Greule Jr./Getty Images Fullscreen In 1968, Husky Stadium became one of the first major venues to use AstroTurf. At the time, the Houston Astrodome and Neyland Stadium at Tennessee were the other major facilities to use it.  Mark J. Rebilas-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The Washington State Cougars play in Martin Stadium in Pullman. It opened in 1972.  Photo: Google maps Fullscreen With a capacity of 35,117, Martin Stadium is the smallest venue in the Pac-12.  Photo: Kirby Lee/USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The field goes east-to-west. That's unusual as most football fields run north-to-south. ... on Nov. 15, 1975, the Cougars notched their largest margin of victory, a 84-27 defeat of Idaho.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen The stadium is named after Clarence D. Martin, who was governor of the state of Washington (1933–41) and a graduate of rival University of Washington.  Kirby Lee-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 47 2 of 47 3 of 47 4 of 47 5 of 47 6 of 47 7 of 47 8 of 47 9 of 47 10 of 47 11 of 47 12 of 47 13 of 47 14 of 47 15 of 47 16 of 47 17 of 47 18 of 47 19 of 47 20 of 47 21 of 47 22 of 47 23 of 47 24 of 47 25 of 47 26 of 47 27 of 47 28 of 47 29 of 47 30 of 47 31 of 47 32 of 47 33 of 47 34 of 47 35 of 47 36 of 47 37 of 47 38 of 47 39 of 47 40 of 47 41 of 47 42 of 47 43 of 47 44 of 47 45 of 47 46 of 47 47 of 47 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 6 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE TOP VIDEOS Andrew Carlsen talks about his TD, INT as Sabino beats Show Low 1:25 Coyotes edge Sharks 3-2 in overtime 0:48 Sarah McLellan's plus-minus against the Sharks 0:38 Paul Coro on a Suns loss at Philadelphia 1:03 Round Valley quarterback Brian Hill on semifinal win 0:24 Suns coach and players on loss to the Sixers 2:00 Goal-line stand to end regulation keys Thatcher 2A semifinal win 0:56 Chandler reacts to semifinal rout over Perry 1:12 Williams Field celebrates their win with a fight song 0:51 Paul Coro on Suns win at Indiana 1:05 Lorenzo's Locks: Week 11 NFL picks 1:59 Punting tips and dance moves with Marquette King 1:00 Somers, McManaman talk Fitz's return to Minnesota 2:58 Cardinals' Harold Goodwin on slow starts and game planning for Vikings 1:25 2017 Porsche Panamera Review: First Impressions 2:03 Game changers emerge in Arizona high school football 1:21 A timeline of Johnny Manziel’s troubled history 2:02 Fans eagerly await return of the NFL to Mexico 1:26 LeBron James donating $2.5M to Muhammad Ali exhibit at Smithsonian 0:30 The Dallas Cowboys aren't just America's team 2:44 Paul Coro on Suns loss at Denver 0:49 Phoenix Suns players on loss at Denver 1:08 Three key NFL story lines to watch in Week 11 2:15 2017 Honda Civic Si Prototype Review: First Impressions 1:52 Carson Palmer talks about the Vikings defensive schemes 1:15 Bruce Arians: 'How we handle the environment will have a lot to do with how we play' 1:19 Flies invade Cardinals practice facility on Wednesday 0:24 Carmelo Anthony at odds with Phil Jackson 2:09 Top five college football games to watch in Week 12 2:21 Strictly Bickley: It's the right call for ASU to stick with Todd Graham 1:32 More Stories ASU football: The Pick Six podcast, Ep. 17 Nov. 15, 2016, 1:29 p.m. Latest Cardinals podcast: The Bird's Eye View Nov. 16, 2016, 4:57 p.m. Download the new azcentral sports app June 2, 2016, 11:37 a.m.
Read today's eNewspaper Z on TV Critic David Zurawik writes about the business and culture of TV Entertainment TV & Media Z on TV Fake news a symptom of sickness in media ecosystem Fake news gained traction during the election According to David Zurawik, one reason we are such a confused and angry nation is that our media ecosystem is in crisis thanks in large part to massive platforms like Facebook and Google distributing anything and everything and hiding behind their almighty, can't-be-questioned algorithms. According to David Zurawik, one reason we are such a confused and angry nation is that our media ecosystem is in crisis thanks in large part to massive platforms like Facebook and Google distributing anything and everything and hiding behind their almighty, can't-be-questioned algorithms. David ZurawikContact ReporterThe Baltimore Sun Our information ecosystem is sick. We have more info than ever yet we never been more confused politically. We are living on the edge of — if not already in — an information crisis. And it seems as if we are too addled by all the fake news, misinformation, disinformation, bad reporting and flat-out propaganda at places like Facebook, Twitter, Reddit and Google to even know how far gone we are. Fake news, which gained serious traction during the presidential campaign, is only part of the problem. But it's a big part, and the confusion it can spread was on sorry display in recent months — particularly on social media where more than 62 percent of Americans now go for news and information, according to the Pew Research Center. Did you know that President-elect Donald Trump not only won the most electoral votes, he also beat Hillary Clinton in the popular vote? How about Vice President-elect Mike Pence saying in an interview with Fox News that gay conversion therapy saved his marriage? And what about Pope Francis endorsing Trump? Who would have thought? And why in the world would a New York Times columnist like David Brooks be calling for Trump's assassination? Just to be clear: None of those stories is true. But they all found their way onto social media where millions not only were exposed to them, but also participated in their toxic spread by clicking and sending them on in this fabulous new form of communication that was supposed to make us into one great, enlightened, global community. TV served a higher, ritualistic purpose on this election night David Zurawik There are moments in our national life when media take on a higher role serving a ritualistic function beyond even their journalistic one as we collectively move through an epic passage. Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning that happened with the victory of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton,... There are moments in our national life when media take on a higher role serving a ritualistic function beyond even their journalistic one as we collectively move through an epic passage. Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning that happened with the victory of Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton,... (David Zurawik) A BuzzFeed analysis published Wednesday found that fake news was more popular than real news on Facebook down the homestretch of the election. During the last three months of the campaign, the most popular fake election stories on Facebook generated more engagement than the top stories from such legitimate news websites as those of The New York Times, The Washington Post, NBC News and others. There was also a bias in the range of stories, according to the analysis. "Of the 20 top-performing false election stories … all but three were overtly pro-Donald Trump or anti-Hillary Clinton," Craig Silverman, founding editor of BuzzFeed Canada, wrote. "Two of the biggest false hits were a story claiming Clinton sold weapons to ISIS and a hoax claiming the pope endorsed Trump." Memo to cable TV: Stop the angry talk The peaceful transition of power is threatened by this kind of rhetoric from politicos on cable TV. The peaceful transition of power is threatened by this kind of rhetoric from politicos on cable TV. See more videos Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg initially called the charge that fake news on his platform affected the election "a pretty crazy idea." And even in the face of mounting criticism and reports of a group of Facebook employees questioning the role fake news on the site played in the election, he has mainly stuck to his guns. "Of all the content on Facebook, more than 99% of what people see is authentic," he wrote on his page last weekend. "Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes. The hoaxes that do exist are not limited to one partisan view, or even to politics. Overall, this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the other." On Monday, Facebook did update the language of its policy statement to stress that it will not share revenue with sites that traffic in fake news, but that's not much more than window dressing at this point. The site already had a similar policy in place. Antonio Garcia Martinez, a former product manager for ad targeting at Facebook, called Zuckerberg's response hypocritical. "Here's the real hypocrisy of it," he told show host Chris Hayes on MSNBC Tuesday night. "Facebook has hundreds of sales people with a huge office in Washington, D.C. And they literally go and tell political advertisers, 'Look, Facebook is the most influential platform in the world. We will win you an election." And then, Zuck turns around and says, 'No, there's no possibly way that Facebook can influence the election.' It's really disingenuous of him to sort of claim this and I think on the face of it, really false." Zuckerberg has consistently shown a lack of interest in the crucial public service role media play in a democracy. And now he is running a media platform that more people engage with for political news than they do The New York Times or NBC. That is a chilling thought. It should also be a wake-up call that we reached a tipping point during this election in the declining influence of legacy era gatekeepers vs. the ever-expanding power of click-driving, social-media entrepreneurs like Zuckerberg. Nor is the problem limited to Facebook. Last Sunday, Dan Abrams reported on Mediaite that when he Google-searched "Final Vote Count 2016," the top result was a link to a website titled 70news. The story there said that Trump not only won the electoral college vote, he also beat Clinton in the popular vote. "The goal of search is to provide the most relevant and useful results for our users," Andrea Faville, a spokeswoman for Google, said in a statement Monday. "In this case, we clearly didn't get it right, but we are always working to improve our algorithms." There it is: The almighty algorithm, the secret sauce that can't possibly be shared, once again being used to silence critics. "For years, companies like Google and Facebook have hidden behind the argument of, 'We just use math. We don't have the position of the editorship function. We don't decide what we show you. It's just math. We optimize for engagement. We show you stuff that we know you're going to comment and like on, and that's it,'" Martinez said. "And I think when the stakes become American democracy, that excuse just isn't good enough." For all the sins of the culture that controlled legacy media before the Internet blew it up, gatekeepers in that world were acculturated to a sense of social responsibility, verification of information and fairness of presentation. Those values have been largely lost even by some of the biggest legacy operations as we moved deeper into the digital frontier. Why don't media critics and Facebook users demand the same standards of accuracy they do for The New York Times or Washington Post — especially now that we know how crucial a role social media play in the conversation of democracy? And why doesn't an entrepreneur like Zuckerberg take some of the money his wildly successful platform makes and hire journalists who embody the highest standards of the profession to be part of the management team making editorial decisions? As dangerous as it is to get the government involved in such media matters, a few high-level hearings on the role Facebook and other sites played in this year's election wouldn't hurt — especially with some angry Democrats asking questions. As often as I've complained about President Barack Obama playing media critic, I was happy to hear him slam fake news and social media during a press conference Thursday in Berlin. The good news: Fake news and the role it plays in the nation's political life will be getting more serious scrutiny in coming months. "I don't want to say it came out of nowhere, but the fake news meme or phenomenon was not an issue we were thinking of so prominently even a few months ago," Aaron Smith, associate director of research for the Pew Research Center, said. "It's now on the radar. … And it's not just us. There are a lot of researchers out there who are going to be trying to figure out how to map and evaluate the impact of this kind of information." The bad news: Our media malaise runs much deeper than Facebook or even fake news. Our information ecosystem is very sick. We have more information and media technology than ever. Yet we have never been more confused politically as a nation. And we now have a president-elect with 25 million social media followers who often retweets and posts without any nod toward verification. "I'm an old-school journalist trained by the last of the old guard," said Brooke Binkowski, managing editor of the booming website Snopes.com, which exposes fake news stories. "And one of the concerns I have is that people are going to say, 'Oh, it's all Facebook's fault. Once we get Facebook to clamp down on fake news, everything's going to be good.'" But there's a much larger issue that's not being addressed, Binkowski said. Fake news wouldn't be thriving if citizens had sources of information they could trust. "The larger issue is that the public has lost faith in the press," she said. "And there are some good reasons for that with all that's happened to newsrooms in the wake of layoffs, downsizing and all the rest. A free press with the resources it needs is essential to a healthy democracy. You have to have reliable information. If voters don't have good information, you don't have a good democracy." david.zurawik@baltsun.com twitter.com/davidzurawik Copyright © 2016, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Elections Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Twitter, Inc. Use of partisan political operatives tarnishes early TV election coverage A plea to cable TV bosses: Turn down the angry political talk now Biggest loser of 2016 presidential election? The media Breaking Sports Maryland Opinion Business Jobs Obits Advertising 45°
Hot Topics: News Video Reviews Phones Tablets Android Nougat Apps How-to Submit a Tip greenbot Popular Stories: A list of all the Google Now voice commands 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) 11 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android Cabin review: Track your family's location, send messages, and assign tasks Search Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Apps All Apps Entertainment Software Games Productivity Software Social Media Utility Software Carriers Gadgets Google Services All Google Services Google Apps Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events All Tech Events Back to School Holiday Gift Guide News Tips Submit a tip Home Android News Android device updates: Google's Pixel and Pixel XL get Bluetooth fixes and other improvements T-Mobile's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge get the latest security patches while the Blu R1 HD adds T-Mobile band 12 and voice over LTE. By Derek Walter | Follow Greenbot | Nov 18, 2016 10:29 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Jason Cross More like this Android device updates: AT&T Wi-Fi calling comes to Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Android device updates: T-Mobile versions of the Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge get... Android device updates: Nougat factory images are ready, LG V10 gets AT&T... Video Google Daydream View unboxing: A first look at Google's VR headset One of the many advantages of the Pixel is the direct line to Google for software updates. The phone got its first major set of new software recently, bringing forth some bug fixes and support for Google’s Daydream VR initiative. Each week, we round up all the major software updates to hit the Android ecosystem, including phones and tablets on U.S. carriers, unlocked phones, smartwatches, and Android TV devices. Making sure your device is running the latest available software is a good housekeeping practice, ensuring you have the latest features with fewer bugs and security holes. Google Pixel XL: An update is available for both Verizon’s Pixel and the unlocked version purchased directly from Google. Build NDE63X is for the Verizon model, and it improves message reliability when connected to your car’s Bluetooth, brings support for Daydream View, and adds New Mexico to the list of states when performing Wi-Fi calling setup. Google build NDE63V is rolling out for the unlocked model. It’s a pretty hefty update at just over 800MB, so expect to see a similar set of improvements.  Pixel: Verizon build NDE63X will bring the Bluetooth improvements, Daydream support, and other fixes that are also heading out to the Pixel XL. Google build NDE63X is what you’ll see on the unlocked version, which should be available in an over-the-air update. T-Mobile Galaxy S7: A T-Mobile update is available which brings the October and November security patches. Additionally, you’ll see a fix for random crashes, freezes, and improvements to domestic data roaming. Galaxy S7 Edge: The same set of improvements are also available in this T-Mobile update: security patches, fixes for crashing and freezing, and more reliable domestic data roaming. Blu R1 HD: This phone got attention for all the wrong reasons this week, as it was revealed that secret software was sending data overseas. The company behind it, Adups, has since issued an apology and said any data has been deleted. There’s at least some good news today for those with this phone, as an update brings support for T-Mobile’s LTE band 12 and Voice over LTE integration. To comment on this article and other Greenbot content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: Android Google Pixel Verizon OnePlus Android Nougat Derek Walter is a freelance technology writer based in Northern California. He is the author of Learning MIT App Inventor, a hands-on guide to building your own Android apps. Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Popular on Greenbot 15 simple tips and tricks to get more from your LG G3 These tips will quickly have you using LG's new flagship phone like a pro. Get the most from your Samsung Galaxy S5 with these 16 tips and tricks A list of all the Google Now voice commands Newsletter Get the latest news, trends, apps, and tips for your Android phone. Get our Greenbot download newsletter Go 13 tips and tricks to master your HTC One (M8) Go from newbie to expert in 10 minutes with this collection of tips. Back that app up: 5 great backup utilities for Android With a ton in the Google Play Store, here are some of the best backup and utility apps around. More from... Featured Stories Chromecast Ultra review: 4K HDR streaming with no frills Google's Chromecast Ultra quadruples the pixels for double the money, but it lacks the bells and... The best cases for the Galaxy S7 Edge Give your curvy smartphone the right amount of protection and style that it deserves. The best cases for the Google Pixel and Pixel XL Google has built one of the best, and most expensive, phones ever. Better slap some protection on it. ... 8 things Google Assistant does on Pixel that it can't do in Allo All Google Assistants are not created equal. Sponsored Links Building a cloud business case? Need data to back up your cloud strategy? Greenbot Follow us Apps Carriers Gadgets Google Services Phones Resources Tablets Tech Events News Tips Submit a tip Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Copyright © 2016 IDG Consumer & SMB. All rights reserved. The Android robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Greenbot is an independent site that is not affiliated with Google Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 18 GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 Google Play Store prematurely rolling out 4K UHD movies starting at $24.99 Abner Li - 2 days ago @technacity Apps & Updates Google Play Store 4k View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit With Google already selling its first 4K streaming device with the Chromecast Ultra, UHD content is starting to makes its way into the Play Store. The rollout is happening a bit prematurely, but it appears that 4K movies will start at $24.99… At the moment, users can buy 1997’s The Fifth Element in UHD for $24.99, with Google citing the Chromecast Ultra and 4K Android TVs as supported devices. For comparison, the HD version of this movie is $12.99 and SD $9.99. The option to rent the higher quality version is also available for $7.99. Interestingly, this 4K version is only accessible from the Play Store app and not the web. Other users are already beginning to see a square 4K icon appear on the Play Store listing of some movies, including Star Trek, Star Trek Beyond, Zoolander, and This Is The End. Speaking with Google Play support, the early rollout appears to be a mistake. Some movies that list the icon do not have the option to purchase the movie, while other films already allow you to purchase the higher-res version but lack the badge. With the Play Store getting ready for release and the Chromecast Ultra already available, an official launch is likely not too far out. Guides Google Play Store View THe Guide 4k View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel

null
caret-down clock comment email facebook feed go-to-bottom go-to-top heart log-out moon pencil search-white twitter cog list user mefi-shirt bracketed-plus down-arrow html-bracket-left html-bracket-right slash two-lines bold close hyperlink icon_19502 icon_248 icon_299 italic media1 media2 media4 media5 media7 media8 musicnote Ask MetaFilter querying the hive mind Log In Sign Up MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk More Best Of Podcast Chat Labs Search MetaFilter… Menu Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random How to Access Google Photos on Windows 10 File Explorer? November 18, 2016 10:58 AM   Subscribe I want to be able to access Google Photos on Drive as a local folder, but I don't want to download / sync my photos on my new Windows computer. Any ideas how to do this? I just purchased a new Windows computer after using Chrome OS for several years. I can't figure out how to easily access cloud storage from Windows' file explorer and the Drive application. For example, as a typical use case, I'd like to add a photo to Facebook from Google Photos. On Chrome OS, I can easily navigate to Google Photos. On Windows, while I have installed Drive, I can't, using Windows File Explorer, navigate to Google Photos from Drive. One reason is because I have *disabled* sync in Drive on Windows except for one small folder. I don't want to download all of my Google Drive files, including Google Photos, onto this machine. Is there any way, using the Drive app for Windows, to be able to "see" Google Photos from File Explorer? I also have OneDrive installed, and can access my Photo Roll, but most of my photos are in Google Photos. Thanks! posted by My Dad to Computers & Internet (5 answers total) 1 user marked this as a favorite   There's a third party site that gives you WebDAV access, which would allow you to use File Explorer. However, you're giving an unknown third party access to your Google Account, which seems like a really bad idea. I think Google's solution here is sync. You can selectively sync folders. posted by cnc at 11:53 AM on November 18 You can selectively sync folders. Is there any select Google Photos and *not* download all of my Google Photos? Similar to IMAP on email? Otherwise I will probably just use Photo Roll in One Drive. posted by My Dad at 12:16 PM on November 18 You know, I don't use the app, so I'm not sure. I read that it syncs specific folders, so maybe experiment with adding Albums to Google Photos and see if you can sync specific Albums? That way you can keep a subset and not all of them. posted by cnc at 7:17 PM on November 18 Google Photos seems to organize folders according to month and year. Creating a folder in Google Photos seems to just tag the photos; no actual folder that Windows can recognize is created. posted by My Dad at 8:16 PM on November 18 There's a "Client for Google Photos" app in the windows store. I've linked the free version, but there is a paid one as well. I have not used it, cannot vouch for it, but it seems to do what you want. If you do choose to go that route, I'd be interested to know if it works or not. posted by bonehead at 9:49 PM on November 18 [1 favorite] « Older Book recommendations for my 9-year-old daughter   |   Why are my emotions so strong? Newer » You are not logged in, either login or create an account to post comments Related Questions Same Backup/External Drive for A Mac and A PC? March 16, 2015 How to erase a computer hard drive and installing... September 29, 2014 Help me find a good exteranl hard drive December 6, 2013 I can SEE that this is a burned disk. February 13, 2013 What's a good, preferably free, diagnostics... March 31, 2009 Tags Google Windows Drive Share Twitter Facebook About Ask MetaFilter Ask MetaFilter is a question and answer site that covers nearly any question on earth, where members help each other solve problems. Ask MetaFilter is where thousands of life's little questions are answered. Sites MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk Best Of Podcast Links Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Wiki Search Chat Labs Members Sign Up Log In Search MetaFilter… Fund MetaFilter Join 4,225 readers in helping fund MetaFilter Contact Us © 1999–2016 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts copyright their original authors. Classic Theme.
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery Mobile Google Pixel schemers get the horns after money-making scheme revealed By Todd Haselton | November 18, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo Yikes, don’t mess around with Google, folks. Long story short: Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL buyers who were trying to save some dough by avoiding taxes ended up getting the horns for messing with Google. A site named Dan’s Deals first revealed news of folks who were buying the Google Pixel and Google Pixel with Project Fi and making a small profit by having them shipped to New Hampshire to a reseller. It seems folks who actually wanted the Pixel phones could at least save through this method by avoiding the sales tax. Ars Technica said that Google found out about the scheme, probably because some dude in New Hampshire was getting thousands of Pixels delivered to a reseller located in the state, and started to ban people from Google, shutting down every single part of their Google accounts. Given how much most of us rely on Google these days, that’s a pretty big punishment. I mean, no access to Google Wave? The horror! (I kid, that product was killed.) Don’t mess with Google “We identified a scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a reseller, who then marked-up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers,” Google told Ars Technica. “We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project Fi or the Google Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this scheme, but since some customers were not aware of these Terms of Sale and are now locked out of many Google services they rely on, we’re restoring access to these customers’ accounts.” Lesson learned: don’t mess with Google. Source Ars Technica, Dan's Deals Topics #Google #Google #pixel #Pixel XL Products Mentioned Google Pixel XL Google Pixel Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
clock menu more-arrow Daydream Nation How Google made its View VR headset a reality by Adi Robertson@thedextriarchy Nov 18, 2016, 1:47pm EST Photos by Vjeran Pavic share tweet Linkedin It’s a couple of weeks before the Daydream View headset launches, and at Google’s Mountain View headquarters, the team has filled a room with pieces of its past. The tables are littered with fabric swatches, molded foam shells, and things that look like clunky black carnival masks — actually, early 3D-printed mockups of the View’s face section. Someone has dumped out a boxful of little plastic discs in varying shapes and sizes, marked with curt admonitions: edge too sharp on one, buttons don’t make sense on another. I’ve seen dozens of VR prototypes from various companies, research facilities, and private tinkerers in the past few years. Overwhelmingly, they’re technological proofs of concept. When Valve created a mini-museum commemorating the development of its Vive headset, for instance, it was essentially a timeline of different motion tracking systems. But Daydream is different. Its basic premise isn’t far from the basic Cardboard platform that Google launched in 2014, albeit with a major performance boost and a new controller. Instead of the next big tech advance, the Daydream View team has spent the last year and a half poring over ways to bring a futuristic technology down to earth. Virtual reality has always been tinged with science fiction. In some ways, this is a good thing — images of the Matrix and the Holodeck have consistently fueled interest in the technology, even when it was primitive and largely inaccessible. But it’s also a sign that real, everyday VR doesn’t yet fit into most people’s lives. Headsets are great at trade shows, but not the comfort of our homes. Google’s answer to this has been the Daydream View, potentially the first of several Daydream headsets. Google VR lead Clay Bavor describes Daydream as a "fanciful" platform, and the View is supposed to embody one manifestation of that: a super-soft device based on the world of clothing, not consumer electronics. But while Google is in the middle of a huge push to make its own hardware, this is still largely uncharted territory — for it or almost anyone else. The Daydream View was conceived in mid-2015, about a year after Google publicly got into the virtual reality game. Its Google Cardboard experiment had stripped VR down to its most basic elements: a mobile phone, a pair of magnifying lenses, and a cardboard case that held the two together. Cardboard helped kickstart a boom in mobile VR, but it had inherent limitations. Users had to physically hold the headsets up to their faces, and interaction was limited to head pointing and a single control button. But outside Google, the only other options at that point were relatively clunky, expensive, and — in most cases — still awaiting a consumer launch. "We had just come off from a lot of success in Google Cardboard, which is a very simple device, and kind of seen what was coming out in the industry, but nothing had really taken flight yet," says Andrew Nartker, product manager for Daydream and Google VR. "Two things that people weren’t really, we think, doing justice to — or solving in a way that could scale to everybody — were comfort and interaction." The core "tech" of Daydream View is just a double funnel and some lenses Google Google’s starting point for the View was a stripped-down frame that made even Cardboard seem baroque, however. It looks like a double funnel made of cheap yellowish-white plastic, and it’s essentially the primordial VR headset: just add lenses to one side and clip a phone to the other. The View incorporates features like an NFC chip that sends the phone into VR mode, but this shape is the core headset "technology" — the bit designed to actually get people into VR. As the room full of prototypes suggests, making that process pleasant was the hard part. When the Google Pixel, the first Daydream phone, came out, reviewers dinged its bland design. But when the Daydream team talks about the View, "generic" doesn’t seem like it would be an insult. Every part of the headset is loosely cribbed from familiar soft goods: ski goggles, shoes, T-shirts, jackets, and even things like tents and kites. "At least today, there aren’t all that many VR headsets out in the world," says Bavor. "We have borrowed from things that people already wear." For all that, there’s no piece of clothing with the exact requirements of a virtual reality headset. Headsets are heavier than just about any pair of sporting goggles, particularly with the big-screen phones that work best in mobile VR. Fit and balance are an ongoing problem, especially for people with glasses — a population that includes Bavor himself. At the same time, Google didn’t want to overwhelm people with adjustments and fitting options, including ubiquitous over-the-head strap. "It’s intimidating to a lot of new users," says Nartker. "There’s not a lot of products that exist in the market today that have a mohawk top strap." In fact, getting rid of it was a core goal. Solid colors and mesh lost out to heathered tones As reviews like mine noted, the single band is one of the most difficult View elements to get used to. But it could have been much worse — and much heavier. Ironically, the seemingly bare-bones double funnel used too much plastic, so it was replaced by an even more skeletal frame. 3D-printed masks tested the distribution of pressure over the face, aiming to spread it evenly across wearers’ foreheads and cheekbones. Extra space around the eyes was added, in order to better accommodate glasses. Then the masks were reproduced in a lighter combination of foam and fabric, which shipped with the final View. The band was angled precisely in order to distribute the weight best; in different prototypes, you can spot the way it’s been tilted it up and down by a few degrees. "Things we thought were cooler, better, more interesting, actually weren’t." Physical comfort, in the form of weight and fit, wasn’t the only concern. People needed to be able to look at the device and immediately know what to do with it, especially if they were new to VR. Unexpected flourishes — even elegant ones — had to be pared down. Take, for example, the Daydream View fastener, which holds the phone into the headset. As it stands, the View uses an elastic loop on the front panel, which stretches across a hook on the top. But the team also tested snaps and zippers, as well as a magnet design that would have created a seamless seal. "We love magnets at Google. Magnets were exciting," Nartker recalls fondly. Without an obvious fastener like the elastic tab, though, people didn’t understand how the phone was supposed to fit. "A bunch of user tests showed us that the other things we thought were cooler, better, more interesting, actually weren’t." Clothing manufacturing was also unfamiliar to Google, and it came with its own challenges. In an average piece of clothing, "if the stitch is a few millimeters off but it’s a straight line, it’s fine," says Daydream View product manager Sandeep Waraich. "In consumer electronics, every millimeter counts." Among other things, Google worked with manufacturers on a laser leveling system that would make lining up the grain of the fabric easier. But the difficulty of working with cloth is one reason that you can only buy the View in three different tones of the same heathered texture, not a plethora of different patterns. Like a lot of Google’s prototype elements, looking at early color swatches inspires a twinge of wistfulness. It makes sense that the company abandoned less flexible materials like suede, and nixed a brightly colored mesh that failed to block out light. Solid-colored cloth apparently just looked like plastic from a distance, which undercut the aesthetic of the View. The overwhelming impression, though, is that the View could have looked so much weirder. Google took its best shot at the all-purpose hoodie of VR, but hiding behind the scenes, the motorcycle jacket and retro minidress of VR are there as well. The world just isn’t ready for them… at least not yet. Google VP of virtual reality Clay Bavor. Bavor mentions more colors as a possibility in upcoming years — I put in my own suggestion for a FiestaWare-tinged bright avocado green. But the alternate controllers Google considered are less likely to see the light of day. Developed in tandem with the headset, the earliest controller concepts look like an almost random assortment of oversized worry stones, board game tokens, and cheap cooking accessories. One is a long, flat wand, another a tiny square with a thumbprint depression. One reminds me of a makeup compact, or the deliberately surreal seashell e-reader from It Follows. They’re all exaggerated and futuristic in a way that the final controller, a straightforward Twinkie-shaped remote, isn’t. They also feel a little bit ridiculous. "Orientation tough," drily notes a critique written on several amorphous oblong shapes. Another looks like a luggage tag, with a neat hole punched in one corner; I fumble around for a few seconds, but I’m not even sure what to do with it. All of them might have reinforced the idea that VR hardware was for techies cosplaying sci-fi characters, not everyday use. There’s a reason the seashell reader wasn’t real, and there’s a reason these aren’t, either. "People love trackpads because it signals to them, it’s kind of like my phone." The Daydream team quickly decided on a solid remote shaped differently on each end, so people could easily point it the right direction. The top became a trackpad, similar to the Gear VR’s onboard controller. "People love trackpads because it signals to them, it’s kind of like my phone — versus, like, a joystick or a D-pad," says Nartker. It was slender at first, but user feedback led the team to a heftier, rounder body. "We thought we wanted a flatter, thinner design just because it’s aesthetically pleasing. But it turns out that your palm needs something to cup and hold." Unlike the rest of Daydream, where ergonomics were a thornier problem than tech, the controller also needed some serious engineering. It was based loosely on gyroscopic TV remotes, which allow for a similar pointing mechanic. But if people were using it for long periods of heavy interaction — and, after all, it aspires to be the "mouse of VR" — it needed to be more precise and less prone to drift. The remote’s guts were tested in a black brick that Nartker calls the "garage door opener," and an external case provided the near-final remote with true positional tracking, like that of the Rift or Vive. This meant that while Google was simulating full motion controls, it had a real-world standard to compare them to. The ultimate dream is that final Daydream systems will incorporate this motion tracking, ideally through cameras mounted in the phone or headset. But according to Nartker, we’re not there yet — even with inside-out tracking prototypes like Oculus’ Santa Cruz headset. "Just getting your headset tracked in space is a pretty challenging problem that nobody’s really cracked yet in the industry, let alone getting a controller to track itself in space," he says. A number of companies, including Oculus, Microsoft, and Qualcomm, have offered their take on inside-out tracking. But they don’t include advanced interactive options yet, and existing headset-mounted trackers like Leap Motion are still solving problems like reliability and range. The View isn’t the limit of Google’s ambitions, even for Daydream. Google is rumored to be working on projects like eye tracking, and Bavor confirms that the Daydream name could hypothetically apply not just to mobile headsets, but all-in-one devices. Whatever the future holds, though, its first product could outlast an average piece of electronics. "Most of the heavy lifting is done by the phone," says Bavor. "So it’s more about ‘What is the phone upgrade cycle?’ than ‘What is the headset upgrade cycle?’" And even years from now, the View’s simplicity is supposedly here to stay. "The more active elements you add to the headset, the more complex it becomes in terms of cost and manufacturability, but also most importantly setup. You imagine plugging lots of little things in and connecting things and so on," he says, disapproving. "We want it to be simple, we want it to be frictionless to get in and out of VR. And the simple, largely passive headset design really helps with that." If I could only get it in green. Circuit Breaker This smart device sniffed my morning breath to check for gum disease Circuit Breaker These are some fancy iPhone corner protectors Circuit Breaker Get the Google Home speaker for $99 at Best Buy on Black Friday View all stories in Circuit Breaker Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Donald Trump's mock assassination draws ire at Texas high school Wet weather to continue through Thanksgiving George Takei speaks out on Trump, internment terror South Korean prosecutors say leader conspired with her friend Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors The next Big Game thing? Stanford, Cal e-sports teams compete at Cal’s Webb sums it up: ‘It sucks losing to your rival’ Durant goes down, but gets back up Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Dolby opens private cinema test lab on Market Street Trump win could spell the end of FCC net neutrality regulations Fired Wyndham time-share-fraud whistle-blower gets $20 million Pro-Trump bots overwhelmed pro-Clinton messages, researchers say Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Solange, ‘A Seat at the Table’ review The latest from Dear Abby Classical music for the holiday season With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sabra recalls hummus over listeria fears Bar Agricole’s Melissa Reitz out as executive chef, Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Ice, Ice Baby: Where to get your skate on How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Madeline Hotel and Residences, Telluride Gear Review: Eagle Creek International Carry-On Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Artistic flair radiates through remodeled condo in Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1957 Ford Thunderbird Are smaller, basic trucks even made anymore? An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Get another perspective of the salary issue Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.thewrap.com/paramount-megan-colligan-marketing-hires/ Paramount Names 6 Executives to Fill Out Marketing Team Worldwide President of Marketing and Distribution Megan Colligan will oversee the new hires Matt Pressberg, provided by Published 10:22 am, Friday, November 18, 2016 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Paramount Names 6 Executives to Fill Out Marketing Team 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Paramount Pictures President of Marketing and Distribution Megan Colligan has brought on six new marketing executives, the studio announced in a statement Friday. Mo Rhim, Paramount’s new senior vice president in charge of international digital marketing, will oversee the studio’s international digital campaign strategy. She is a longtime Google executive who was previously head of industry, media and entertainment for Google’s DoubleClick division where she was in charge of its entertainment business relationships, working with companies including Time Warner and Netflix. Kath Skerry has been named vice president of digital marketing. Her most recent position was leading OMD Entertainment’s digital efforts for Walt Disney Studios, including its Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm imprints. Also Read: Watch 'Ghost in the Shell' First Action-Packed Trailer With Scarlett Johansson(Video) Vivianne Waisman, previously at Sony Pictures, joins Paramount as vice president of licensing, where she will concentrate on domestic licensing, retail relationships and e-commerce. At Sony, she was executive director of U.S. retail strategy and development. Prior to that, worked at toy giant Mattel. Natalie Bowman joins Paramount as director of creative advertising. She previously worked at 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment. Brandon Nichols, previously at Broad Green Media, has been named as director of digital Marketing. Former Warner Bros.’ exec Nav Kaur has been hired as Paramount’s director of marketing partnerships. var googletag = googletag || {}; googletag.cmd = googletag.cmd || []; googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.defineOutOfPageSlot('/30981161/TheWrapRemnantOOP', 'div-gpt-ad-1470167200293-0').addService(googletag.pubads()); googletag.pubads().enableSingleRequest(); googletag.enableServices(); }); googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1470167200293-0'); }); Also Read: Rob Moore to Exit as Paramount Pictures Vice Chairman “We are excited to welcome aboard this diverse group of marketing executives with proven track records across digital, creative, partnerships and licensing; sectors in which we have identified as the biggest growth opportunities and ones that will have the greatest impact on audiences,” Colligan said in the statement. “With their combined expertise including Google products, Pixar and Marvel projects, as well as other studios and entertainment brands such as Mattel, they will all contribute to our existing stellar marketing team.” Read original story Paramount Names 6 Executives to Fill Out Marketing Team At TheWrap Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. WEEKEND WEATHER Wet weather to continue through Thanksgiving Check the latest radar and forecast Latest News SNL mocks in-over-his-head Donald Trump Popular hummus brand recalled over listeria fears SF scrambles to protect sanctuary city status 115 dead as train derails in India; some still trapped Major injuries reported in 4-car crash at Berkeley curve Santa Cruz County deputy shoots, kills man Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Spike in hate puts Bay Area Muslim students on guard Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight Gold Star dad Khizr Khan rips Trump: 'This isn’t your America' Beastie Boys' memorial park defaced with pro-Trump graffiti SF leaders on hate crimes: ‘The fear in the community is... A look inside Amazon before Black Friday An unlikely store is expected to crush Black Friday For 2nd day, Trump demands apology from 'Hamilton' Trump mock assassination draws ire at high school ‘Unprecedented’: More than 100 million trees dead Wet, windy weather to continue over holiday week Today's Gate Features Abandoned Coca-Cola mansion could become a boutique hotel The 49ers' most disappointing players of 2016 Bo Derek celebrates her 60th birthday, still looks stunning SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored How to add 200GB of storage to your Macbook, minus the bulk These smartphone-controlled lightbulbs change colors with a... Most Popular 1 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 2 ‘SNL': Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump is in way over his head 3 Sabra recalls hummus over listeria fears 4 Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight 5 Cute 'polar bear petting dog' video questioned after dog eaten 6 An unlikely type of store is expected to defy the curse... 7 Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended 8 Minerva's Sunday Horoscope: 11/16/16 9 Update: Major Injuries Reported In Four-Car Crash At Berkeley... 10 ‘Unprecedented’: More than 100 million trees dead in... Latest News SNL mocks in-over-his-head Donald Trump Popular hummus brand recalled over listeria fears SF scrambles to protect sanctuary city status 115 dead as train derails in India; some still trapped Major injuries reported in 4-car crash at Berkeley curve Santa Cruz County deputy shoots, kills man Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Spike in hate puts Bay Area Muslim students on guard Movies you didn't know were filmed in San Francisco View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Robotics Want to Understand AI? Try Sketching a Duck for a Neural Network Google’s kooky AI experiments offer a glimpse of how the technology actually works, which may prove increasingly important. by Will Knight November 18, 2016 Google has released a handful of AI experiments that tap into advances in machine learning in creative ways. They include Quick, Draw!, a game in which an algorithm tries to guess what you’re sketching, A.I. Duet, which lets you compose pieces of music with a creative computer, and ways to visualize how neural networks represent information and see the world. The projects show off some new AI features Google has built into an overhauled cloud computing platform. But they also help make AI less mysterious, and hint at ways in which the technology may become more accessible to all of us. Take Quick, Draw!, for example. You have 20 seconds to draw six simple objects, and a computer tries to guess what you’re working on in the allotted time. Under the hood, the game runs a learning system that Google uses for character recognition. The system analyzes not only the shape, but also the strokes you used to draw it. It’s a neat way to understand a machine-learning approach that’s used by millions on their smartphones. It’s also quite addictive, even if it always seems to mistake my ducks for potatoes. The AI behind Quick, Draw! doesn't always see things your way. In in A.I. Duets, you get to make music with an algorithm. Through an effort called Project Magenta, Google researchers are exploring ways of using neural networks to mimic human creativity. The results are fascinating, especially because how musical creativity works remains rather mysterious. Part of the motivation for Google's project, indeed, is exploring human intelligence by copying its musicality. Among the projects aimed at elucidating the inner workings of neural networks is one called Visualizing High Dimensional Space. Created by several experts in data visualization, this effort shows how a large neural network stores and draws connections between different pieces of data. The results are often beautiful, but they also highlight one way that we might be able to understand powerful machine-learning systems that would normally be inscrutable. This could be pretty important for everyone. Imagine, for example, an algorithm that just flagged an apparently healthy patient as likely to develop a particular disease. The ability to inspect a network's inner connections could make that decision less difficult to understand, and make treatment easier to justify. So if you want to understand the revolution in machine intelligence that’s upending just about every industry, Google's online AI laboratory is well worth a visit. (Read more: A.I. Experiments, Silicon Angle, "OK, Computer, Write Me A Song,” "The Hit Charade,” "AI's Language Problem”) Learn more about artificial intelligence at EmTech Digital 2017. Register now From Our Advertisers Sponsored by Google for Work Survey: Machine Learning Trends, Challenges, and Opportunities In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged artificial intelligence, Alphabet, Google, neural networks Credit Image courtesy of Google Will Knight Senior Editor, AI I am the senior editor for AI at MIT Technology Review. I mainly cover machine intelligence, robots, and automation, but I’m interested in most aspects of computing. I grew up in south London, and I wrote my first line of code (a spell-binding… More infinite loop) on a mighty Sinclair ZX Spectrum. Before joining this publication, I worked as the online editor at New Scientist magazine. If you’d like to get in touch, please send an e-mail to will.knight@technologyreview.com. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Robotics Smart machines are beginning to speak to us and act on their own. Fighting Fires from the Sky, No Pilot Necessary Lockheed Martin is using a fleet of drones and automated helicopters to extinguish flames and rescue people. by Jamie Condliffe How to Hold Algorithms Accountable Algorithmic systems have a way of making mistakes or leading to undesired consequences. Here are five principles to help technologists deal with that. by Nicholas Diakopoulos and Sorelle Friedler A Modular Exoskeleton Will Make More Workers Bionic Even human workers are becoming more robotic, thanks to cheaper, lighter exoskeletons. by Will Knight More from Robotics The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
null
null
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEM No fluff - just the best news in paid search marketing every week. SUBSCRIBE AdWords Price Extensions spotted on desktop Google is testing the mobile-first extension on desktop search results. Ginny Marvin on November 18, 2016 at 12:03 pm More Google officially launched price extensions for mobile text ads out of beta in July. Not surprisingly, they now appear to be extending to desktop. Initially, price extensions debuted in a list on mobile, as shown in the example from Google below.  As of last week, that format has switched over to a swipeable card format in which price extensions appear in a horizontal strip as shown below. The horizontal layout is what has been spotted on desktop by Conrad O’Connell of Serptests.com in ads for Airbnb, an early beta tester of price extensions on mobile. Advertisers can use the extensions to call out product or service offerings and starting prices by brands, events, locations, neighborhoods, product categories, product tiers, services, service categories or service tiers I have not seen any price extensions on desktop yet, but keep an eye out for them. About The Author Ginny Marvin As Third Door Media's paid media reporter, Ginny Marvin writes about paid online marketing topics including paid search, paid social, display and retargeting for Search Engine Land and Marketing Land. With more than 15 years of marketing experience, Ginny has held both in-house and agency management positions. She provides search marketing and demand generation advice for ecommerce companies and can be found on Twitter as @ginnymarvin. Related Articles Thirteen things marketers want to know about expanded text ads, direct from Google Google formally changes AdWords price extension format to swipeable cards Coaxing smarter paid search bidding decisions out of sparse conversion data See how Google is showing even more Shopping Ads on desktop this season Channel: SEMGoogleGoogle: AdWords Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ TL;DR Google Watch This Bizarre Google ad uses NBA stars to settle condiment argument by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Nov 18, 2016, 12:57pm EST share tweet Linkedin Google Duo, Google’s app for quick and easy video chatting, may not have the userbase as, say, FaceTime, but at least it has two of the Los Angeles Clippers’ biggest stars using it. In this ad spotted by Adweek, Griffin (who averages 20 points per game when he’s not appearing on Broad City) is having lunch when he’s spotted by a dejected Jordan (who you might know from one of the greatest reaction GIFs of all time). Awkwardness ensues! DeAndre and Blake are bros, so they let their condiments do the talking to patch things up — presumably thanks to the friendship-powered wizardry only they and Google can hope to understand. This ad, weird as it is, is only the latest showing Duo off through the use of adorable inanimate objects. Older spots include two socks separated in the wash trying to reunite and a pepper shaker patiently waiting for the return of his beloved salt shaker. You may not use Duo, I certainly don’t, but you can’t deny the cuteness. Also, ketchup and mustard were not made to be used that way. Gross. Next Up In TL;DR Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community The Late Late Show reveals what happens when a wizard tries to go through airport security Want to become politically active? Love to swear? This site can help! What makes a Kermit goof spread? Meme thieves Apple’s $299 coffee table book is a holy tome for nostalgic fans Now Trending Black Friday 2016: All the best deals in one place MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. The Latest How to be human: everyone feels this insecure... right? by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... TL;DR Web Culture Home videos of 1990s Japan are the YouTube equivalent of a warm blanket by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom In 1990, Tokyo resident Lyle Hiroshi Saxon began filming video of his life. Most of his videos, which he’s graciously put on YouTube, are simple walking shots of train stations or city streets. You’ll get a few seconds of a group of businessmen,... TL;DR Gaming Watch This Pokémon’s emphasis on collaboration turned it into a global community by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak When Pokémon Go hit smartphones this summer, it was an unprecedented hit. It broke records in app stores, caused floods of people to converge in public parks, and might even become a movie. The game was an impressive demonstration of the... New, 0 comments Watch This Entertainment Essay Arrival’s director also made Enemy, a movie that argues history will repeat itself by Kaitlyn Tiffany French-Canadian director Denis Villeneuve premiered his first two English-language films in 2013. One was the blockbuster psychological thriller Prisoners. The lesser-known, Enemy, is a moody, enthralling nightmare of a movie that seems to be... New, 0 comments Transportation Cars GM Chevy’s Bolt EV to have limited availability in 2016, with wider rollout next spring by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak General Motors had long been planning to release its all-electric Chevy Bolt before the end of 2016 — and it will, but only in California and Oregon. Wider availability — basically the rest of the country — will need to wait until 2017 says The... New, 9 comments Tech Transportation Cars BMW reportedly ends its self-driving car partnership with Chinese tech giant Baidu by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Splittsville Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Delayed Pixel orders are getting as much as $100 for their troubles +4,534 Quentyn Kennemer Nov 18th, 2016 If getting a voucher for a free Daydream View headset with your Pixel or Pixel XL pre-order wasn’t enough, those who had their orders delayed are getting even more freebies. Google is starting to send vouchers for $50 to use at the Google Store to those who were affected by delays. What’s more is that some people who were in that bracket of customers were told that they’d be receiving as much as $100 for the mishap. We’re not sure if the amount would or should differ based on the device you bought or whether Google changed their mind and instead reduced the compensation to $50 as those who claimed to be promised $100 have yet to receive a voucher. We’d guess against the latter scenario as that would draw some nasty ire from those who were promised. All that aside, compensation is going out, so if you had to wait far longer for your device than expected (we’re talking a few weeks, not a day or 2) then stay on the lookout for the credit to head your way. [via Reddit] local_offer    Google   Pixel   Pixel XL   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (12) stars Further Reading Google Shops are launching in Canada and the UK Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store New Google Live Cases available Google accounts suspended for reselling Pixel phones OnePlus 3T charging proves solid stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad President-elect Trump doubles down in attacks on Hamilton - now saying the popular show isn't worth watching - as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite star support for under-fire cast Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers desperately scramble to rescue babies in incubators What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being elected despite conflict of interest promises Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three paramedic and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air ambulance crash Winter IS coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and icy winds in the Northeast as temperatures dip into the twenties Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy backed by force'   'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug boss father became the world's most wanted man Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but not quite shaking hands - amid frosty Syria dealings FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL remains missing 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their wedding was ruined by the guests Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny differences in these sequences Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' 'He says "look at this" and the gun went off': Woman accidentally shot in the head at North Carolina weapons show by her husband after he bought her a gun to match his own Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it moves further into the Northeast Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after crashing into pier pillar I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' Previous Next Google braces itself for Donald Trump as it loses a key ally in Barack Obama in its fight to make streaming content more accessible to cable subscribers Google's parent, Alphabet Inc, backed Hillary Clinton for president Instead, Trump's win signals more regulatory obstacles for internet giant GOP-led Washington expected to roll back pro-Google Obama era policies Trump, GOP, aligned with telecom giants in their bid to end net neutrality   By Ariel Zilber For Dailymail.com and Reuters Published: 13:21 EST, 18 November 2016 | Updated: 17:38 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail 13 shares 9 View comments The parent company of Google is bracing for the presidency of Donald Trump while mourning the loss of an ally in Barack Obama. Alphabet Inc, which heavily favored Trump’s opponent, Hillary Clinton, in the election, faces a number of regulatory obstacles that could be imposed if and when Trump undoes much of the Obama administration’s liberalization of the telecommunications market.  Google and other companies like Apple and Microsoft have lobbied the government to force cable and telecommunications companies to permit their customers to have the choice of accessing online content through their set-top cable boxes. Obama’s Federal Communications Commission, headed by chairman Tom Wheeler, supported the reform, much to the dismay of the cable giants. Scroll down for video  The departure of Barack Obama (left) could spell the end of Google's bid to force cable TV companies to enable streaming content on their devices. Google co-founders Sergey Brin (center) and Larry Page (right) are seen above This week, however, the FCC signaled that it was backtracking in anticipation of Trump’s entry into the White House, Yahoo! News reported. The practical significance of such a reform would be that viewers could easily switch between their regular cable programming and streaming services like Netflix, Hulu, and YouTube, a Google-owned property. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'Fired for expressing my conservative views': Fox Houston TV... Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for... Share this article Share 13 shares Instead, large telecom giants force consumers to rent the traditional set-top box at a cost of over $200 per year while limiting them to the bulky cable packages and pricey subscriptions. Proponents of the reform say that it would slash prices and bolster competition while giving consumers greater choice and a wider array of viewing options. Donald Trump (left) is expected to roll back Obama-era Google-friendly policies that were likely to have been continued by the company's preferred candidate, Hillary Clinton (right) Telecom firms like Comcast Corp., AT&T, CBS Corp., and numerous Hollywood studios counter that the plan is flawed since it would slow innovation. In reality, observers say that the cable industry is opposed because it stands to lose $20billion in annual revenue generated by the set-top rentals, according to Bloomberg. The FCC sided with Google and internet actors successfully lobbied the Obama administration to allow internet providers to compete with cable television companies in providing set-top boxes. Trump, however, appears poised to roll back the Google-friendly policies of his predecessor, as is likely to be demanded by his Republican colleagues. The GOP is on record as opposing the Obama administration’s 2015 ‘net neutrality’ initiative that required internet service providers to enable their subscribers to have access to web-based content irrespective of its source, essentially treating all data as equal. Content providers like Google and Netflix cheered the net neutrality policy, but analysts say that a Trump administration is likely to fall in line with telecom monoliths and roll back the initiative. Since Trump’s victory, shares of Alphabet fell 2.4 per cent while Neftlix shares dropped 5.9 per cent and Amazon shares depreciated by 2 per cent. In contrast, Comcast Corp has seen its shares spike by 7.7 per cent, though AT&T and Verizon have seen their stock prices largely unchanged. Read more: Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Here’s Why You’re Paying $200 to Rent a Clunky Set-Top Box - Bloomberg Share or comment on this article e-mail 13 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Shouldn't One prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's beaming girlfriend throws herself into work as she returns to the set of Suits Second day of filming 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale     DON'T MISS Ex-Survivor star Michael Skupin is convicted of possessing child pornography after police find images of 'underage children in sexual situations' on his laptop From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  She will become part of the Star Wars universe Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on Vietnamese show  Hitting their stride! Newly engaged Laura Prepon and fiancé Ben Foster are attached at the hip during stroll through New York  Loved up Strike a pose! SNL cast and crew along with Saturday night's host Kristen Wiig take on the Mannequin Challenge  Wiig is on hosting duty this weekend 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during a vacation in the US Virgin Islands with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs 'The fans will rip into Raven's *ss': Orlando Brown speaks out about being recast in That's So Raven reboot He originally didn't believe there could be a reboot without him What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  Posing up a storm Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at London charity ball The 46-year-old model put her best foot forward  Celebrity hair tribes: How stars with similar passions flock to the same salons - and end up with the same hairstyles!  Sorting out their locks Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Former Pussycat Doll 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticized by 'mean girls' Lea Michele and Cara Santana head to the gym in 'twinning' workout gear in West Hollywood Ex Glee star seen with the fiancée of Desperate Housewives star Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Splashing out John Lennon's furious Beatles breakup letter, in which he pities Paul McCartney because of Linda's 'insane' family and says the band were 'big b*****ds,' sold for $30,000 Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Expecting her second kid Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together They have three kids Mommy's night out! Behati Prinsloo leaves Adam and baby at home as she goes casual cool while hitting the town Leaving West Hollywood hotspot Delilah  EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'We're not cars, we're people': Cyndi Lauper, 63, bemoans ageism in the media... as fellow iconic singer Debbie Harry, 71, admits - 'I'm guilty of it' Ahoy, mateys! Josh Duhamel and son Axl brandish cartoon-style pirate swords in Beverly Hills He plays a no-nonsense soldier in Transformers This Is Us star Chrissy Metz reveals she is contractually obligated to lose weight over the course of the series... but she's up for it Claims she's 'excited' Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  Speaking in NYC Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks social media silence as she posts an inspirational quote and thanks her friends for their support  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' Claire Danes goes make-up free for hand-in-hand stroll with husband Hugh Dancy The couple still looked giddy in love after seven years of marriage Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple have been dating since 2014 Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise 'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son EXCLUSIVE: Former Gakwer CEO Nick Denton still gives his husband a $1,550 monthly allowance despite filing for bankruptcy following Hulk Hogan lawsuit Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after going on 40 minute rant in which he revealed he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted for Trump  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Caitlyn Jenner looks laid-back in jeans while running errands alone  The 67-year-old I Am Cait star juggled her Starbucks holiday coffee cup with other items Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even SEX CLUB membership Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York Splashing out Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in skinny jeans after being slammed over Nike campaign by Olympian Meryl Davis  Failed to raise a smile 'I have not been honest with myself': Scream actress Bex Taylor-Klaus comes out as gay Live-streamed with fans to talk about it Kesha rocks Metallica 'Damaged Justice' T-shirt for sound check before Miami concert Troubled singer was performing at the Best Buddies Miami Gala Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert gushes over new girlfriend after their relationship ended her nine-year marriage Left her husband for her best friend Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  The Grand Tour review 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Thigh's the limit! Kris Jenner hits the town in fishnets, long leather boots and a shimmery mini dress  The 61-year-old went for a youthful look Alec Baldwin takes romantic stroll with wife Hilaria... after revealing he'll RETURN as Donald Trump on tomorrow's SNL Much-anticipated revival! 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Twice as nice! Rebecca Romijn is ageless as always as she has very busy morning of interviews The 44-year-old kicked off at the Today show Make them feel merry AND bright! From a holographic gloss to pearlized polish, shop holiday beauty gifts so shiny, they won't be able to look away 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Diane Kruger is a far cry from her glamorous self as she films scenes for gritty German drama Aus dem Nichts Usually she's perfectly turned out Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona Ditched trademark look Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at charity ball Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA Was showing off some serious shoulder Santa's model helpers! Jourdan Dunn shows off statuesque figure in skin-tight jeans as she joins Martha Hunt for festive celebrations in New York City Transcendental Meditation, targeted workouts, and protein-packed meals: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for the Victoria's Secret show Style Swoon: From Eva Longoria's holiday clothing line to Cate Blanchett's rocker-chic leather pants, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we are loving this week Best on our desks: This week, a lotion you apply in the SHOWER, a travel-size cleansing duo and a new way to get rid of blackheads top our beauty picks Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four Today's headlines Most Read 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of... What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being... Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air... Winter is coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and wind in the Northeast as temperatures dip into... Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy... 'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug... 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he... Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the... Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but... FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL... 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their... Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny size difference in these sequences  Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' Woman accidentally shot in head at North Carolina gun show after weapon her husband had bought discharged Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it... Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after... I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star... Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up... Donald Trump goes to church in New Jersey before meeting with Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie and Hollywood... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies... Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election... 'Totally one-sided and biased': Donald Trump slams SNL for scathing skit in which Alec Baldwin portrays... White Lives Matter activists clash with anti-Trump protesters in Texas as cops arrest eight Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education... MORE HEADLINES Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election war-of-words as Trump dangles prospect of White House job during another busy day of transition meetings Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is 'Trump' so they have to shout the name when their cup of Joe is ready President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was 'harassed' by 'very rude' cast who stopped the show to confront VP sitting in the audience - while the crowd BOOED him and his family 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier killed by suicide bomber during Veterans Day run get BOOED by American Airlines first class for delaying flight on way to pick up their dead son's body  'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite celebrity support for under fire cast Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are charged with manslaughter after brothers, six and nine, drowned after being washed over a 70-foot waterfall Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics of the eighties and the era's misfits 'who your mother warned you about', all captured by iconic photographer Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and I kissed her': Cancer stricken four-year-old who broke the internet's heart after her father posted a photo of her pain and suffering has died, family announce The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the first time, the -196C cryo-tank where body of 14-year-old cancer girl is hung upside down in a £10 sleeping bag with FIVE other corpses German husband who killed his Filipino wife and sliced her body into eight pieces to go on a Thailand sex holiday has been jailed for life  Was new mom MURDERED for her baby? Two arrested in Dallas 'for kidnapping week-old baby they may have passed off as their own after mother was found shot dead'  Mystery as UFO hunter posts images of huge spherical object in front of the Sun that was captured by NASA cameras Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Lover gets stuck inside married mistress while having sex after her husband asked a witch doctor to curse her genitals Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education in his Cabinet Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' as he prepares to meet with Theresa May  'Happy holidays from the very gay, very liberal table sitting next to you': Woman pays for one family's dinner and leaves message of acceptance on the receipt after overhearing their homophobic comments Who is deplorable now? Gang of four are charged after 'beating' Trump supporter in horrific attack caught on camera  Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' 'Go to another country if you don't like Trump': Federal judge at US citizenship ceremony goes on rant defending the President elect Butt they won! Yale students delay annual football game with Harvard by stripping off  Boy paralyzed by a gun shot to the face aged 7, who turned down a $3M payout in exchange for having weapons destroyed and saving others, dies of his injuries 22 years after accident  'He was able to do whatever he wanted': Girl, 13, speaks out after being sexually assaulted on a plane by 'drunk' stranger sitting next to her for 30 minutes Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington Alabama police officer fired over racist Facebook post saying Michelle Obama is ‘fluent in ghetto’ Woman, 27, who admitted to having sex with her dog three times burst into tears after a judge told her she would spend the weekend behind bars MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Around the world in virtual reality: Google Earth VR will fly you to ANY destination from the comfort of your home Google has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth compatible with the HTC Vive It works like the Google Earth or Google Street View programs, except it is beamed into the eyes in 3D Google also lets users experience cinematic tours of destinations like the Amazon river or the Swiss Alps Using the revamped Google Earth, VR users can zoom in and rotate the Earth, and even fly through space By Abigail Beall For Mailonline Published: 07:52 EST, 18 November 2016 | Updated: 08:10 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail 36 shares 2 View comments Travelling around the world is many people's dream, but few have the means to be able to make it happen. Now Google has found a way of letting people experience what it is like to be in even the most distant parts of world, from the highest mountains to the busiest cities, without even leaving the house. The firm has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth that works with the HTC Vive headset, and comes complete with virtual tours of some of the world's most popular destinations. Scroll down for video  Google has found a way of letting you experience what it is like to be in even the most distant parts of world, without even leaving your house. The search engine giant has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth that works alongside the HTC Vive headset. Yellowstone National Park is pictured  GOOGLE EARTH VR  Travelling around the world is many people's dream, but few have the means to be able to make it happen - or at least to visit every destination on their list. Now Google has found a way of letting people experience what it is like to be in even the most distant parts of world, without even leaving the house. The search engine giant has released a free virtual reality version of Google Earth that works with the HTC Vive headset. It works like the standard Google Earth or Google Street View programs - only it is beamed directly into the user's eyes in three dimensions.  The programme works like the standard Google Earth or Google Street View programs, except it is beamed directly into the user's eyes in three dimensions. 'Ten years ago, Google Earth began as an effort to help people everywhere explore our planet,' said Mike Podwal, product manager at Google VR, in a blog post. 'And now, with more than two billion downloads, many have.'  'Today, we are introducing Google Earth VR as our next step to help the world see the world.  'With Earth VR, you can fly over a city, stand at the top of the highest peaks, and even soar into space.'  Google also allows users to experience cinematic tours of particularly popular tourist destinations.  'Earth VR comes with cinematic tours and hand-picked destinations that send you to the Amazon River, the Manhattan skyline, the Grand Canyon, the Swiss Alps, and more.' The project allows users to walk around the likes of the Hong Kong Stadium or Rome's historic Colosseum, or climb the Matterhorn. Having been rebuilt for room scale VR, the revamped Google Earth also lets users fly around each destination. Being able to zoom in and rotate the Earth, and even fly through space is expected to give users first-person views that would be almost impossible to achieve in real life.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the... Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the... Two Chinese astronauts return from the nation's longest... The strange 'funnel' on Mars that scientists say could be... Share this article Share The Google Earth VR app is available to download for free from the Steam store, the digital software depository that feeds the HTC Vive. Like Tilt Brush, Earth VR is launching first on the HTC Vive.   The HTC Vive headset comes with a front facing camera, redesigned headstrap for greater stability, an improved visual system with brighter displays - as well as the ability to take calls while immersed in an imaginary world.  On the Steam store, the Earth VR programme has already achieved a 'Very Positive' rating after over 400 reviews.  The interactive module above lets you explore different parts of the world as they would look in Google Earth VR. Click the arrows to change to a new desination Travelling around the world is many people's dream, but few have the means to be able to make it happen - or at least to visit every destination on their list. Christ the Redeemer, the statue of Jesus Christ in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil is pictured  more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Watch video Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Watch video Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence Watch video Romney leaves after meeting with President-elect Trump Watch video Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Watch video Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her Watch video 'Beyonce I was hurt!': Kanye goes on epic rant during a concert Watch video Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video Pence gets booed by crowd as he takes his seat at Hamilton Watch video Tesla's 'Instant Acceleration' saved a driver from speeding car Watch video Bizarre UFO-like object is spotted on NASA's satellite footage Watch video Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying It works like the standard Google Earth or Google Street View programs - only it is beamed directly into the user's eyes in three dimensions. The project takes things to the next level, allowing users to walk around the likes of the Hong Kong Stadium or climb the Matterhorn, a mountain of the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy, pictured 'Today, we are introducing Google Earth VR as our next step to help the world see the world,' Google said. 'With Earth VR, you can fly over a city, stand at the top of the highest peaks, and even soar into space.' The Colosseum in Rome is pictured  This app comes just a few days after Google's Daydream virtual reality headset hit the market. Google's earlier attempts at a headset, the low cost cardboard app, was popular - but undeniably low budget and not as effective as more expensive devices.  The Daydream features a soft fabric coating , unlike the plastic finish found on most its competitors. The headset and controller are sold together for $79 (£69 in the UK). Virtual experiences built for Daydream are still limited - but Google's own YouTube and Street View apps are impressive.  For now, the headset works only with Google's Pixel phone. The Google Earth VR app is available to download for free from the Steam store, the digital software depository that feeds the HTC Vive. The Florence Cathedral in Florence, pictured Having been rebuilt for room scale VR, the revamped Google Earth also lets users soar around them, flying through the air for first-person views that are almost impossible in real life. The Space Needle in Seattle is pictured The Hoover Dam is pictured. At 196.9 million square miles, the world is pretty big, so Google has made it easy to find great places to visit. Earth VR comes with cinematic tours and hand-picked destinations that send you to the Amazon River, the Manhattan skyline, the Grand Canyon, the Swiss Alps, and more more videos 1 2 3 Watch video Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Watch video Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Watch video Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence Watch video Romney leaves after meeting with President-elect Trump Watch video Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Watch video Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her Watch video 'Beyonce I was hurt!': Kanye goes on epic rant during a concert Watch video Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Watch video Pence gets booed by crowd as he takes his seat at Hamilton Watch video Tesla's 'Instant Acceleration' saved a driver from speeding car Watch video Bizarre UFO-like object is spotted on NASA's satellite footage Watch video Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying WHAT CAN YOU DO WITH GOOGLE DAYDREAM? You can view 360-degree YouTube videos and any 360-degree photos you store on Google Photos.  In fact, Google has an entirely new version of YouTube available from last week. This new standalone app was built from the ground up and optimized for VR.  You just need a Daydream-ready phone like Pixel and the new Daydream View headset and controller to get started.  'Every single video on the platform becomes an immersive VR experience, from 360-degree videos that let you step inside the content to standard videos shown on a virtual movie screen in the new theater mode,' Google  said. The app even includes some familiar features like voice search and a signed in experience so you can follow the channels you subscribe to, check out your playlists and more.  You can visit other destinations such as the Galapagos Islands in a 360-degree version of Google's Street View.   Google has worked with everyone from the Natural History Museum in London, to fitness and travel sites to create VR videos Even more are promised by the end of the year, including apps for Netflix and Hulu — though all that does is offer video on a giant screen in a virtual living room. There's much more available for Cardboard.  Unfortunately, app developers will need to make some tweaks first to make them compatible with Daydream. They'll need to do even more to take advantage of the motion control.  Read more: Google Earth VR - Bringing the whole wide world to virtual reality Share or comment on this article e-mail 36 shares I want one yesterday. by GratefulAussie 5 Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... Melania and Barron Trump will NOT move to the White House so... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● More top stories Next story Mystery around strange 'alien signals' deepens: Bizarre cosmic radio blasts release an unexplained flash of energy 198 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Michael Hiltzik Columnist BUSINESS Michael Hiltzik Column As Google Fiber scales down its broadband business, San Francisco moves ahead on its own Google Associated Press Not destined to be your neighborhood broadband provider. Not destined to be your neighborhood broadband provider. (Associated Press) Michael HiltzikContact Reporter It wasn’t so long ago — three years, to be exact — that communities all over the country were slavering over the prospect of getting fiber-based, blazing-fast broadband Internet service from Google. More than 1,000 communities had fallen all over themselves to meet the company’s terms, which included exemptions from some city regulations, expedited permit approvals and — the key — Google’s right to choose which neighborhoods to endow with its fiber technology and when. This was a “demand-driven” model designed to ensure that the most densely populated and affluent areas got served first.  Hopes that Google would establish a nationwide model for fiber Internet service were dashed last month, when the company suddenly declared a “pause” in its plans to lay fiber in as many as 18 municipalities, beyond the eight metro areas where it already is building or has completed its system. The disappointed suitors will have to wait for this strategy to play out or move ahead on their own. They would be well advised to keep an eye on San Francisco.  When you’re begging for something from a big company like Google, you take what you can get." — Christopher Mitchell, Institute for Local Self-Reliance That city is contemplating what would be the largest and most ambitious public broadband system in the country, with the ultimate goal of running fiber into every home and public building.  “Plain and simply, the Internet has to be viewed as a utility,” San Francisco Supervisor Mark Farrell, who is spearheading the program, told me. “Just like water and power, people cannot function in today’s world without access to the Internet. Over 100,000 San Francisco residents don’t have access. Bridging that gap needs to be a priority, and it’s up to individual cities to move forward.” San Francisco has some advantages other communities lack. It’s geographically compact and densely populated, with a technophile citizenry.  But the city of 865,000 residents is facing a daunting challenge. No city of comparable size has deployed a system of fiber to every building, the board of supervisors’ legislative analyst’s office warned in March. The technical and physical obstacles to laying fiber citywide could sink the project at birth. The cost, which could come close to $1 billion, could raise public and political opposition. Existing Internet providers such as Comcast and AT&T can be expected to fight the project through lobbying and lawsuits.  Still, this is a city sensitive to its digital inadequacies. As of 2014, the legislative analyst reported, only 2.6% of San Francisco residents had gigabit-per-second access, the gold standard for broadband connectivity. To this day, service in a city closely identified with high technology is spotty and often atrocious. “I feel like I’m always paying more for less,” says Joaquin Siopack, 43, who works as a data analyst out of his home in the hilly Miraloma Park neighborhood. He recently abandoned AT&T’s slow DSL Internet service in favor of a line from independent provider Sonic Internet delivering a pathetic 10 megabit-per-second connection — more than twice the speed he got from AT&T for $60 a month, about 40% more than he paid AT&T. Neither Sonic nor any other service has plans to run fiber into his neighborhood any time soon. Cable service from Comcast would be an option — but he’d have to wire his home for the connection himself.  Some time in the next few weeks, San Francisco will hire a consultant to lay out the options for citywide fiber service. The choices include building its own network and acting as its own Internet service provider to provide gigabit speed access to every building in the city; offering incentives to coax private firms into building the physical network and providing service; or sharing construction and operation of the system with commercial partners. Also uncertain is whether the city would build the system as a utility, serving all buildings, or replicate Google’s demand-driven model by laying fiber only to where it knows customers exist.  When public infrastructure goes private Google is bringing a fiber-optic data network to homeowners in Kansas City, Mo., and Kan., but without the usual regulations. That means underprivileged neighborhoods may be left in the digital dust. Google is bringing a fiber-optic data network to homeowners in Kansas City, Mo., and Kan., but without the usual regulations. That means underprivileged neighborhoods may be left in the digital dust.Read the column Then there’s the question of how the system would be paid for — by taxpayers, by all residents and businesses charged an average utility fee estimated at about $43 a month, or only by users paying a monthly fee. The range of potential construction costs, the legislative analyst reported, runs from more than $867 million for a city-built utility-style system, to zero, if the city chooses to turn the chore entirely over to private enterprise. But in that case, there would be no guarantee that all residents would be served. “Every option is on the table,” Farrell says, with one caveat: “Regardless of the method, I believe the public should own this infrastructure.” That’s an important point, because America’s reliance on private enterprise to build its broadband infrastructure has left the country mired in the digital equivalent of the Stone Age. The San Francisco legislative analyst reported that the average Internet speed nationally was 21.2 megabits per second in 2014, which ranked 19th among the top 20 countries in the world.  Competition among the cable and telecommunications firms is so meager—the nation’s cable industry is a collection of regional monopolies — that they have felt almost no pressure to offer customers state-of-the-art connectivity or to reach out to underserved communities. Broadband service is almost the very model of a public good that should be provided by government, because the profit incentives of private industry work in favor of limited service delivered to customers only selectively. Running fiber is a capital-intensive task: concentrating on high-rise apartment buildings occupied by tenants who will pay premium prices for lightning-fast service spells profits; reaching out to a sprawling community of low-income users, many of whom don’t own computers, doesn’t. The harvest is the “digital divide,” in which modern technology bypasses already disadvantaged citizens.  Only a handful of public entities have taken matters in hand. Interest is beginning to stir—on election day, 26 cities and counties in Colorado opted out of a 2005 law — sponsored by the cable industry — prohibiting them from providing telecommunications services to the public. That brought  to 95 the number of Colorado municipalities considering going it alone. Yet of the more than 1,000 fiber networks in the U.S., only 143 are municipally owned, including six in California. The pioneers typically are small, affluent or tech-savvy communities, such as Santa Monica and Santa Clara, that tend to provide service chiefly to downtown business districts and public buildings, and see their programs as economic development tools. That explains why Google Fiber initially looked like a godsend. When the company announced last December that it was exploring placing Los Angeles on its roster of “potential” fiber cities, Councilman Bob Blumenfield, who has been pushing to ease the way for would-be fiber providers in the city and had met with Google officials, declared that L.A. might be on its way to become “the world’s premier gigabit city.” (AT&T had announced the same week that it would start rolling out its GigaPower fiber service in Los Angeles County.) Then came Oct. 25, a sort of Black Tuesday for believers in Google as a broadband savior. That day, the company announced the departure of Fiber’s CEO, Craig Barrett, and the “pause” in its operations. “I’m hoping it’s a pause and not a stop,” Blumenfield says. “But all we know at the moment is that it’s not happening right now.” Los Angeles last year asked private companies to submit proposals for a citywide broadband system, but hasn’t settled on a model. Google will continue to build out its system in the eight communities where it’s already established. But for other cities it’s shifting its strategy toward wireless Internet service and to a target market of apartment buildings rather than single-family houses. This reflects its acquisition in June of WebPass, which runs fiber lines into neighborhoods, provides wireless connections from there to apartment buildings, and wired service from the buildings’ rooftops to the tenants inside. Google’s strategic shift shouldn’t have come as a surprise, says Christopher Mitchell, a broadband expert at the Institute for Local Self-Reliance. Signs abounded that the company, now called Alphabet, didn’t see broadband service as a core business and was becoming more interested in other ventures, including self-driving cars. Its insistence on building on its own terms should have been a warning for companies that thought it would be the answer to their digital dreams.  “When you’re begging for something from a big company like Google,” Mitchell says, “you take what you can get.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Some Trump supporters say it's not fair to equate white pride with white supremacists, the Rams break ground on their new stadium, Trump moves forward with naming positions in his administration, and Los Angeles practices for a major earthquake. Caption Los Angeles Rams break ground on new stadium A groundbreaking ceremony was held in Inglewood as construction of the Los Angeles Rams' new $2.6-billion stadium officially got underway. (Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times) A groundbreaking ceremony was held in Inglewood as construction of the Los Angeles Rams' new $2.6-billion stadium officially got underway. (Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times) Caption Richard Spencer, chairman of the National Policy Institute Richard Spencer, chairman of the National Policy Institute, a prominent alt-right organization. (Joshua Roberts / For The Times) Richard Spencer, chairman of the National Policy Institute, a prominent alt-right organization. (Joshua Roberts / For The Times) Caption Vigilant Guard | California National Guard trains for earthquake response A weeklong earthquake response training exercise called Vigilant Guard was hosted in California by the California National Guard with participation from more than 1,200 members of local, state and federal agencies, including Los Angeles County fire officials and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. (Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) A weeklong earthquake response training exercise called Vigilant Guard was hosted in California by the California National Guard with participation from more than 1,200 members of local, state and federal agencies, including Los Angeles County fire officials and the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department. (Al Seib / Los Angeles Times) Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss The L.A. Auto show begins, how to spot fake news on Facebook, rural teens have more babies, India’s large-bill ban is having negative effects on the poor, Twitter has begun banning bullies, northern Californians feel forgotten about, and the Rams break ground on their new stadium. The L.A. Auto show begins, how to spot fake news on Facebook, rural teens have more babies, India’s large-bill ban is having negative effects on the poor, Twitter has begun banning bullies, northern Californians feel forgotten about, and the Rams break ground on their new stadium. Keep up to date with Michael Hiltzik. Follow @hiltzikm on Twitter, see his Facebook page, or email michael.hiltzik@latimes.com. Return to Michael Hiltzik's blog. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times Comcast Corporation Meet the new think tank in town: 'Alt-right' comes to Washington to influence Trump No. 13 USC pounds UCLA, 36-14, in rivalry game The world may be out to get Alex Jones, master of conspiracy. But he's scored a win with Donald Trump Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics L.A. Auto Show Opinion Place An Ad 60°
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV November 18 GOOG: 760.54 -10.69 Best Android phones you can buy [November 2016] Ben Schoon - 2 days ago @NexusBen Android best phones View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Looking for a new smartphone? There are dozens upon dozens of great options on the market today, but finding the best of the best can be a bit difficult. We’ve seen some great launches through the year and more should be coming soon too, so let’s take a look at the best Android smartphones you can buy as of November 2016. New For November: OnePlus 3T Announced just this week, the OnePlus 3T is the “successor” to the OnePlus 3, although it’s really just a slight refresh. Compared to the OnePlus 3 the 3T brings the updated Snapdragon 821 chipset, a larger 3,400 mAh battery, a new color variant, and an updated 16MP front facing camera sensor. Aside from that, the OnePlus 3T is the same as the OnePlus 3, bringing Dash Charge fast charging, a 5.5-inch 1080p Optic AMOLED display, 6GB of RAM, and USB-C — all wrapped up in that aluminum chassis. Starting at $439, it’s slightly more expensive than the OnePlus 3 was, but not without reason. The phone is available from November 22nd from OnePlus’ website. From Earlier This Year: Google Pixel When talking about the best Android phones, there’s no way to avoid talking about the Google Pixel and the Pixel XL. These two smartphones, designed by Google from the ground up, show off the best that the company has to offer, and it’s impressive. While not perfect, Google’s efforts with the Pixel show just how good Android can be, both in terms of stability, performance, and the overall experience. The Pixel packs top-tier specs including the Snapdragon 821 chipset, 4GB of RAM, 32 or 128GB of storage, and the breathtaking 12.3MP camera on the back. Google’s services are pre-loaded out of the box, the latest version of Android is pushed immediately, and Google Assistant is showcased front and center. Other perks include the 24/7 support, unlimited full resolution photo and video backups, and support for Google’s all new Daydream VR experience. Pricing for the Pixel starts at $649 for the 5-inch variant and $769 for the larger 5.5-inch Pixel XL. Add $100 to either for the 128GB storage tier. Monthly financing is available both through the Google Store and through Verizon Wireless. LG V20 If you want a big, feature-rich phone that doesn’t explode, the LG V20 might be your best bet. Packing a 5.7-inch Quad HD IPS display, Snapdragon 820 chipset, 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, and a 3,200 mAh removable battery, the V20 is a power user’s phone without question. That’s only emphasized with the dual-camera system on the back which can take standard and wide-angle pictures as well as bringing enhanced stabilization in video. Entertainment only gets better with the built-in 32-bit HiFi DAC which makes listening to music a joy. The LG V20 is one of the best smartphones we’ve used this year, but the most surprising thing about it is the price. While a compared option from Samsung, Apple, or Google could cost you well upwards of $800, the V20 averages out at about $770. Pricing varies by carrier, landing at $672 on Verizon at its lowest point and $830 on AT&T and its highest. Monthly pricing across all major carriers lands at around $28 a month and the phone is available via Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile, US Cellular, and Sprint. You can also pick it up unlocked. Samsung Galaxy S7/S7 Edge Samsung also launched a pair of impressive Android flagships earlier this year, and despite their age, they’re still some of the best options on the market today. The Samsung Galaxy S7 and Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge offer Quad HD SuperAMOLED displays at 5.1-inches and 5.5-inches respectively. The larger Edge variant also brings dual-curved edges on either side. Under the hood, both devices pack the Snapdragon 820 chipset in the US, and one from Samsung in international regions. The smaller Galaxy S7 packs a 3,000 mAh battery where the S7 Edge brings a 3,600 mAh battery. Both bring fast charging, wireless charging, and fast wireless charging along with the Snapdragon 820 chipset, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, IP68 water resistance, and fingerprint sensors. The 12MP camera on the rear is also nothing short of impressive and the glass/metal bodies scream premium. Pricing varies depending on carrier and outlet, but you can get these phones from pretty much anywhere with prices floating between $500 and $700 depending on the model. Moto Z/Moto Z Force From Motorola/Lenovo, one, or rather two, of the best options you can pick up come in the form of the Moto Z and the Moto Z Force. Both devices pack 5.5-inch AMOLED displays, the Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, and Motorola’s thin software layer on top of Android. The Moto Z brings a 2,600 mAh battery, 13MP camera, and comes in at just 5.2mm thin. The Moto Z Force, on the other hand, brings a 3,500 mAh battery, 21MP rear camera, and is 7mm thin. It also brings a “ShatterShield” display which won’t break. Unfortunately, that model is exclusive to Verizon Wireless. Both devices run Android Marshmallow, slated to get Nougat soon, and lack headphone jacks. However, they do include USB-C adapters in the box. That port also includes Turbo Charging which promises up to 15 hours of power with a 15-minute charge. The big story, though, is without a doubt the compatibility with Moto Mods, a method of expanding the phone’s capabilities with “modules” such as battery packs, speakers, and even a camera. The Moto Z Force is available on Verizon Wireless as is the Moto Z, but the latter is also available unlocked through outlets like Amazon. HTC 10 Another great option from early this year comes from HTC. Despite the company not having great success over the past few years, but the HTC 10 is a smartphone that just about anyone can love. Bringing an all-metal aluminum body, Snapdragon 820 chipset, 4GB of RAM, a fantastic 5.2-inch LCD display, 32GB of storage, and Android Marshmallow out of the box, it’s a smartphone that hits all the important notes. The 3,000 mAh battery will keep most users powered through a full day, the fingerprint sensor is quick and reliable, and the 24-bit DAC in the headphone jack is great for listening to music. Pricing on the HTC 10 varies as well. Retail lands at $699, but we’ve seen it as low as about $500. Currently, HTC is offering the device for $549 brand new. Verizon also offers the phone in stores. You can learn more in our full review. ZTE Axon 7 If you want a flagship experience, but at a slightly lower price point, the ZTE Axon 7 is an option worth considering. Starting at just $399, the Axon 7 packs a 5.5-inch AMOLED display, all-metal design, front facing speakers, and premium specifications including the top of the line Snapdragon 820 chipset. It also packs an insane 6GB of RAM and support for Google Daydream. The ZTE Axon 7 is available for purchase from ZTE, Amazon, and many other retailers around the web for $399 unlocked for use on GSM carriers. LeEco Le Pro3 Another solid option comes from Chinese manufacturer LeEco. Recently launched in the United States, the LeEco Le Pro3 is not a phone to overlook. Packing a 5.5-inch 1080p display, a Snapdragon 821 processor, 4GB of RAM, an all metal build, a massive 4,070 mAh battery, and a rear-mounted fingerprint sensor, the Pro 3 can compete with just about anything else on the market today. Priced at $399, it’s an even better choice. However, LeEco has a trick up its sleeve — flash sales. On a semi-regular basis, LeEco will open up flash sales of its products with heavy discounts. That includes the Pro3, which gets a $100 price cut during these sales. This phone is available exclusively from LeEco’s website and works with all GSM carriers. Be sure to follow 9to5Google’s 9to5Toys Lunch Break for the latest deals! Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide best phones View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Contact Us About Us Advertise     Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Top Home Contact Us About Us Advertise Search Canadian Reviewer     Featured Sponsors ChameleonJohn - Online Coupons, Promo Codes, Discounts & Deals -------------------------- DHgate.com  Featured Stories ASUS ZenBook 3 Google Pixel XL Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2, watchOS 3 iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Samsung Gear Fit 2 MacBook (2016) Moto G Plus HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevy Malibu Android Auto 2016 Canadianreviewer.com REVIEWS Google Daydream View VR headset ASUS ZenBook 3 Jaybird X3 JBL SoundBoost Speaker Moto Mod Moto Insta-Share Projector for Moto Z Google Pixel XL Apalon's My Alarm Clock app Lenovo Moto Z Apple Watch Series 2 and watchOS 3 iOS 10 Apple iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Dyson 360 Eye Robot Vacuum Dyson V8 Absolute Cordless vacuum Tablo by Nuvyyo Samsung Gear Fit 2 fitness wearable Ulysses for macOS and iOS Epson SureColor P600 Wide Format inkjet printer HBO's Vinyl Season 1 Apple MacBook (2016) Papago! GoSafe 268 mirror mounted dash-cam Piper all-in-one security JayBird Freedom headphones SF MoMA app Fitbit Blaze fitness tracker UA HealthBox Dyson Pure Cool Link Lola by Blue HTC 10 Apple iPhone SE Apple iPad Pro 9.7-inch 2016 Chevrolet Malibu Dell XPS 12 with 4K Ultra HD display RHA S500i Noise Isolation headphones for iOS Samsung Galaxy S7 2015 Mazda CX-9 Moto 360 (2015) Sennheiser Momentum In-Ear headphones for Android ASAP Dash Rapid Charger Jaybird Reign Fitness Tracker Samsung Galaxy S5 Neo HTC One A9 21.5-inch iMac with 4K display 360Fly Action Camera SanDisk Wireless Connect Stick Geko E100 Full HD 1080P Dash Cam Google Pixel C SodaStream's New POWER Sparkling Water Machine Dyson V6 Mattress Handheld Vaccum iPad Pro ZTE AXON Apple TV (2015) 2016 Ford Explorer Platinum Edition Apple watchOS 2 Sennheiser RS 175  BlackBerry PRIV Google Nexus 5X iPhone 6S Plus 2015 Ford F-150 2016 Chevrolet Volt EV Microsoft Office 2016 « Video: See the opening of the first Canadian Google Shop | Main | Firefox Focus for iOS simplifies web browsing, acts as ad blocker » Friday Nov182016 First Google Shop opens today at Best Buy Canada branch in Mississauga Friday, November 18, 2016 at 10:55AM Text and photos by Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla Mississauga, ON -Since Google is now a bona fide consumer electronics and hardware maker, it stands to reason that it needs to show off its wares in physical retails stores. Following the opening of their New York pop-up store, Google has decided to team-up with Best Buy Canada and create flagship Google Shop 'store within a store' locations in three Canadian cities.   Opening today at the flagship Best Buy Experience Store in the Heartland Town Centre on Mavis Road, the Google Shop is the first thing one sees upon entering the refreshed store space. Best Buy has changed the layout to cater more to brands rather than specific sections and Google's booth certainly has the prime space here. Best Buy Experience Stores, "are designed to be flexible and adaptable; to allow us to alter our design and products more quickly in response to customer feedback, new technology and products. For our customers, we have added another dimension to take the in-store experience to the next level to provide expert, individualized guidance and customization to ensure our customers make the best choice for them and their lifestyle," Best Buy explains. The Google Shop offers a gamut of Made By Google products, most important of which are the new Pixel phones. These are sold unlocked but are tethered to two-year contracts through various carriers, which means you can't just buy one full price and pop in your existing SIM card.  The Google Shop also features the Daydream VR headset and remote controller, various Chromecast devices as well as accessories such as cables, smartphone cases and of course, the latest Google Chromebooks. Other Made By Google products, including the Google Home smart speaker and Google WiFi aren't yet available in Canada but will likely be sold at these stores once they are cleared for Canadian consumption.  Google Canada’s “shop within a shop” spaces were officially opened today at the Best Buy location in Mississauga’s Heartland Centre, along with three others in Calgary, Edmonton and Vancouver. The exciting collaboration is part of Best Buy’s redesigned Experience Stores, and today’s opening marks the official culmination of the large coast-to-coast renovation plan that saw upgrades made to more than a dozen locations. “We are thrilled about the launch of our newly renovated stores and to showcase the new Google shops,” says Ron Wilson, President and COO of Best Buy Canada. “We are committed to providing our customers with the best service and the most exciting tech. We can’t wait for the public to enjoy the special in-store experiences.”  Other locations in Canada include Dearfoot Meadows and Edmonton South in Alberta and Cambie in Vancouver, British Columbia. I asked a Google representative if these will be coming soon and the answer was, 'stay tuned.' The look and feel of the Google Shop is very much in tune with Google's aesthetic, something that was very deliberate and which Google had been working one way before the Google Pixel came into being.  "Comprised of nearly 700 square feet, our new shops are a reflection of the Google hardware brand in a retail space. Even the smallest detail, from the use of curved edges to the hand-picked colour palette, evoke a warm, inviting and playful feel. The shop is fully programmable, meaning its layout can evolve and change as Google’s products do. Each shop features a structural element inspired by the simplicity and beauty of one of Google’s most iconic tools: the search bar. When you view the designed structure straight on, you can see how it lightly mimics a search bar." Aside from serving as a point of sale for Google products, the Google Shop will also run various programs for customers. This holiday season, kids can have a Google Hangout with Santa. There will also be a Santa Tracker on the large Google Maps display in the shop. Other activities include The Art of DIY, and a Makey Makey Lab which helps consumers through various creative and technical projects. Google Guides are the in-store assistants that help customers through the selection of products and can walk users through products and features. Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla | Post a Comment | Share Article Print Article Permalink tagged Google Canada, Google Shop, best buy, google Guides Email Article in Apps & Launches, Breaking news, Buyers Guide, Google Reader Comments There are no comments for this journal entry. To create a new comment, use the form below. Post a New Comment Enter your information below to add a new comment. My response is on my own website » Author:  (forget stored information) Author Email (optional): Author URL (optional): Post: ↓ | ↑   Some HTML allowed: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <code> <em> <i> <strike> <strong> Notify me of follow-up comments via email.    Link an External Response Have a response on your own site? You can either use the [Trackback URL] for this entry, or link to your response directly. I want to leave a comment directly on this site » Article Title: Article URL: Article Excerpt (optional): Site Name: Site URL (optional): Author Name: References will be subject to editor approval before appearing. Your reference will not appear until it has been cleared by a website editor. Copyright 2008-2016 @ The Canadian Reviewer and Gadjo Cardenas Sevilla
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (1) Post your comment Those who got their Pixel order delayed are now receiving $50 in Google Play Store credit 18 November 2016 A few weeks ago, Google sent out an apology to some of those who ordered the company's Pixel or Pixel XL smartphone, saying that the shipment of their unit will be delayed. And to compensate that, the software giant promised a $50 Google Play credit after orders are delivered. Inline with that promise, Google has started sending out the discount codes. Here's the email that one of the Pixel users has received: As mentioned in the email, to redeem your credit, click the "Get Started" button at the bottom of the email, then enter your promo code (if prompted), and then click "Redeem." To use the credit, just select the "Google Play balance" payment option during checkout. Source Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Don’t mess with Google: Pixel phone scalpers get their accounts shut down A reseller's crowd-sourced phone scalping plan draws the ire of Google. by Ron Amadeo - Nov 18, 2016 5:20 pm UTC Login to bookmark 109 The terrifying message sent to the people involved in the phone reselling scheme. DansDeals An odd story popped up this week on the deal site DansDeals. There was some kind of "deal" that involved making money through the resale of Google's Pixel phones, and once Google caught wind of it, a lot of people had their Google accounts banned. Apparently a phone reseller in New Hampshire was running some kind of crowd-sourced inventory acquisition program using the consumer Google site. It instructed people to buy phones from the Project Fi site and list the dealer's NH address as their "home address" so phones would be shipped directly to the dealer. The buyers were then paid enough to make a profit on the transaction (probably helped by the fact that NH has no sales tax), and the New Hampshire dealer would later resell the phone at a markup. When Google caught wind of the shipping shenanigans, it "suspended" the Google Accounts of everyone that shipped a phone to the dealer. That means these users were banned from every Google service—Gmail, all their pictures on Google Photos, their documents on Google Drive, and every other piece of Google data was taken away. Something like this wouldn't only affect Google services; think about how many sites do authentication or send critical information over e-mail. According to DansDeals, the dealer ended up buying "a few thousand phones" through this scheme—with a purchase limit of five phones per account. That's a lot of people who were banned. There's no arguing the facts: these users broke the Google Store terms of sale. This document clearly states, "You may only purchase Devices for your personal use. You may not commercially resell any Device." Google's response—to take away what amounts to some users' entire digital lives with no way to recover their data—seems like a disproportionate punishment, however. And after being poked by a couple of news organizations (Ars included), Google relented and sent out the following statement: We identified a scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a reseller, who then marked-up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers. We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project Fi or the Google Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this scheme, but since some customers were not aware of these Terms of Sale and are now locked out of many Google services they rely on, we’re restoring access to these customers’ accounts. Those who were banned should be getting their accounts restored soon. The moral of the story is probably to read the terms of service, have backups for your data, and maybe don't mess with companies that you store your entire digital life with. Provided your account isn't banned, you can always download all your Google data via Google Takeout. Expand full story Reader comments 109 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Ron Amadeo / Ron is the Reviews Editor at Ars Technica, where he specializes in Android OS and Google products. He is always on the hunt for a new gadget and loves to rip things apart to see how they work.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 11704 6 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest How to keep your secrets safe on Amazon, Netflix, other sites These tricks will keep things like preferences and search history safe. Post to Facebook How to keep your secrets safe on Amazon, Netflix, other sites These tricks will keep things like preferences and search history safe.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2g4YDhu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs How to keep your secrets safe on Amazon, Netflix, other sites Kim Komando , Special for USA TODAY 8:55 a.m. EST November 18, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Want to keep your purchase history and viewing preferences secret? Tech columnist Kim Komando shows you how to do it. In this Friday, Jan. 17, 2014, file photo, a person displays Netflix on a tablet in North Andover, Mass. (Photo: Elise Amendola, AP) When a relationship gets serious, we start to share more of our lives. We borrow each other’s cars. We move in together. Inevitably, we start sharing each other’s technology and even our passwords. But your device says a lot about you: Your pastimes, your taste in music, your curiosities and the things you shop for. So how do you maintain your privacy online, even with the people who are closest to you?  Here are a few simple tricks to help you keep your secrets under wraps. (Note: Apps and websites do not always work the same across all devices and operating systems. If something isn’t located in the menus precisely as I say, look around for a similar action.) Amazon Amazon tracks not only what you have purchased, but also what you have browsed. If you share an Amazon account, both can pose a major problem especially this time of year. The good news is that you can easily cover your tracks. To erase your browsing history, from your account settings, look for Personalization. Go to Personalized Content >> View and Manage Your Browsing History. Here, you have a few options. You can remove only certain items or all items as well as turn off browsing history, so you never have this issue again. Let’s say you want to make it more difficult for someone to find out what you have ordered. Amazon will not completely delete your order history, but you can archive individual orders. Casual snoops will have a harder time seeing what you have purchased. From your account settings, go to Your Orders. Select the item you wish to hide and select Archive order. You can use the Amazon app as an additional holiday security measure. Suppose you have purchased a pair of shoes for your spouse, you’ve archived the order, and now you’re waiting for the package to arrive. But you’re receiving so many boxes this time of year, how do you know which delivery to open and wrap? With the Amazon app, you can scan the barcode on the box to immediately find out what’s inside. It works like a charm – unless your spouse has secretly ordered something for you! Google Google often auto-completes your search terms based on personal information, such as your location and previous searches. Anyone looking over your shoulder or borrowing your device might be surprised by the guesses Google makes. Google products that collect your information include Chrome, Google Maps, and YouTube. To delete your search history on Google, you need a Google account. Just log in, go to My Activity, and remove items individually. Better yet, take control of the data Google saves about you. Click here for step-by-step instructions on how to stop Google from collecting data about you. Most browsers have a similarly easy way to delete your browsing history, and the controls tend to be in your browser’s preferences. Keep this in mind, especially if you’re researching something a little unusual. Facebook For many of us, Facebook is like a sprawling digital yearbook. Maybe you have a family computer, and you usually forget to log out of Facebook. Other people use the same computer, they stumble into your Facebook account, and they notice your conspicuous search history. Your significant other may wonder why you’ve become so curious about the person you once invited to the prom, no matter how innocent your interest. The easiest way to avoid an awkward conversation is to open your Activity Log. Select More >> Search >> Clear Searches. Or you can remove each search item one by one. Your Facebook Activity Log stores a lot of data about you. Click here for tips to clean it up and prevent things from coming back to haunt you. Netflix We all have our guilty pleasures, especially when it comes to movies. You may have privately viewed Lars Von Trier’s "Nymphomaniac" and thought it was a great work of art-house cinema, but that could be hard to explain to a roomful of people. If you want to hide past screenings, just go to My Account >> Viewing History. Be advised that items aren’t always deleted immediately; it may take 24 hours for your lists to update on all devices. Netflix also allows you to create multiple profiles. Many households don’t bother with this unless they have children, but if you want to keep your viewing history private, you can create a personal profile and protect it with a password. Click here to learn how to do this as well as access secret Netflix categories. Go incognito Every major web browser including Chrome, Edge, Firefox, Internet Explorer, Safari, and Opera has private, or incognito, browsing settings. Turning this feature on means your browser will ignore cookies including ad-tracking cookies and won't record your browsing history. It's almost like you weren't online. Click here to learn how to enable this simple step to keep your browsing history a secret. Maintaining privacy is one of my favorite themes. To learn other ways to protect your information, be sure to listen or download my podcasts, or click here to find it on your local radio station. You can listen to the Kim Komando Show on your phone, tablet or computer. From buying advice to digital life issues, click here for my free podcasts. On the Kim Komando Show, the nation's largest weekend radio talk show, Kim takes calls and dispenses advice on today's digital lifestyle, from smartphones and tablets to online privacy and data hacks. For her daily tips, free newsletters and more, visit her website at Komando.com or send her an email.  11704 CONNECTTWEET 6 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2g4YDhu
SUBSCRIBE NOWAs Low As $9.99 per year! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 26 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Ken Colburn: Tips for sniffing out fake news sites If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign to be suspicious. Post to Facebook Ken Colburn: Tips for sniffing out fake news sites If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign to be suspicious.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2fCxSmd {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Ken Colburn: Tips for sniffing out fake news sites Ken Colburn, Special for The Republic | azcentral.com 5:02 p.m. MST November 18, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share A good rule of thumb: At least Google a news story before you share it. Video provided by Newsy Newslook This election cycle dramatically elevated the use of fake news sites If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign to be suspicious. (Photo: Getty Images/iStockphoto) Story Highlights Fake news sites in the past were generally used to spread malware by infecting unsuspecting visitors Google and Facebook are cracking down on the sites that attempt to use their advertising platforms If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign to be suspicious Question: How exactly do Facebook and Google plan to block fake news sites? Answer: This election cycle dramatically elevated the use of fake news sites that in the past were generally used to spread malware by infecting unsuspecting visitors. There were a variety of reasons for creating these sites that ranged from the obvious political influence to making money from the worldwide interest in our candidates. Savvy teens in Macedonia BuzzFeed News reported they were able to identify at least 140 fake political news websites being run from a single town in Macedonia. Despite the sites being overwhelmingly pro-Trump, the young tech-savvy creators of the sites said they didn’t care about Trump’s campaign. Earlier in the year, they claim to have researched the various candidates to see which ones would generate the most traffic, as their incentive was purely economic. Any website that can generate a lot of traffic can use global marketing platforms like Google’s AdSense to monetize that traffic. They also learned that the best way to generate traffic to their sites was to use Facebook to spread stories, especially if they were in some way pro-Trump. AZCENTRAL Phoenix fake-news writer comes clean on Donald Trump Clamping down The latest word from both Google and Facebook is that they are cracking down on fake news sites that attempt to use their advertising platforms from now on. Google said sites that “misrepresent, misstate, or conceal information about the publisher, the publisher’s content, or the primary purpose” will be kept out of their ad platform. Facebook said it already banned apps and sites with “illegal, misleading, or deceptive” content, but they updated their policy to “explicitly clarify that this applies to fake news.” This by no means will be the end of seeing questionable news sites in your Facebook News Feed or in Google search results, so we all need to sharpen our skills. AZCENTRAL Google to pull ads from fake news sites Sniffing out fake news stories The first thing to pay attention to is the Web address of the site that is reporting the story, especially if a two-character country code is added to the end (Example: abcnews.com.co) With the speed at which news travels across the Internet, doing a quick Google search by using the headline as the search parameter should provide plenty of help. If the story only appears on sites you’ve never heard of, it’s the first sign that you should be suspicious. Questionable headlines will likely have search results that include sites like Snopes and HoaxBusters that provide some context to the lack of credibility. Web tools such as Web of Trust can also quickly provide warnings of questionable sites. AZCENTRAL Report: Fake election news performed better than real news on Facebook What else can you do? Both Google and Facebook will be using various algorithms and machine learning to help with the task, but Facebook users can help by posting fact-checking links that debunk stories in the comments section, which will help the algorithm. Facebook users can also click on the v-shaped icon in the upper right corner of any post to hide all posts from that source or unfollow the person that shared the story to prevent future junk posts from appearing in your news feed. News aggregators like News360 present news stories and includes how many news organizations reported on that specific story with an easy way to read the story from any or all of the sources. AZCENTRAL Zuckerberg vows to weed out Facebook 'fake news' Ken Colburn is founder and CEO of Data Doctors Computer Services https://datadoctors.com. Ask any tech question at: https://facebook.com/DataDoctors or on Twitter @TheDataDoc AZCENTRAL Ken Colburn: Options for ransomware victims AZCENTRAL Ken Colburn: Lessons from Podesta's email hack 26 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2fCxSmd TOP VIDEOS Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Energy-saving tips 1:45 Sustainable building at ASU 2:10 Sedona house destroyed 1:36 Dad's heartfelt Facebook post inspires flood of support from strangers 0:54 Teen Marine surprises his mom after six months away 0:37 Accused school shooter charged with murder, attempted murder 4:29 A Phoenix resident is suing a Pappadeaux restaurant 0:49 Pottermore will tell you what your Patronus is 0:41 5 most memorable Ryder Cup moments 1:11 Trump campaign touts donation windfall after the debate 1:08 This beer is supposed to taste like a burger 1:02 The Republic editorial board's 2016 presidential endorsement 1:07 Pepe the Frog declared a hate symbol by Anti-Defamation League 0:30 More Stories Montini: Open season on people of color? Nov. 19, 2016, 9:20 p.m. Robb: Pension reform is now impossible in Arizona Nov. 18, 2016, 6:03 a.m. Red table, blue table: Talking turkey at post-election Thanksgiving dinner Nov. 18, 2016, 9:45 a.m.
null
null
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sat, Nov 19, 2016 - Page 10　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp S Korea rejects Google request to use data AP, SEOUL South Korea has rejected Google’s request to use local mapping data in the company’s global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. The South Korean Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport yesterday said that concerns about national security outweighed benefits from exporting the country’s mapping data to Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc. South Korea, facing the overt threat of North Korea, bars exporting local mapping data to foreign companies that do not operate domestic data servers. Google handles its maps service at data centers outside South Korea. The restrictions have limited the usefulness of Google Maps within South Korea, since the app cannot offer driving or walking directions. The government had proposed granting permission to Google to use local mapping data for Google Maps if the company would blur sensitive information on South Korean military facilities on its satellite map. “Our position from the start was that if it deletes security facilities, we would allow exporting [the local mapping data],” ministry official Kim Tong-il said. “Google’s position is that it won’t delete those. The question was whether we would allow that regardless.” South Korea has been divided over the issue since Google filed its request in June. The South Korean government extended an August deadline to this month, highlighting disagreements between government ministries. The long-time deliberation reflects growing support for Google within some government ministries that are trying to promote tourism and local firms’ overseas businesses. Some local businesses and consumers opposed giving Google full access to the local mapping data, saying it would be unfair to local companies that operate local data servers to support their map services. They said Google should build data centers in South Korea instead of seeking an exemption from the rules. Google said earlier that restricting Google Maps in South Korea would be an inconvenience for foreigners visiting for the PyeongChang Winter Olympics next year. It also argued that restrictions on exporting the local mapping data could hinder efforts of companies to roll out global services using locations data and would deprive local consumers of cutting-edge services. “What is most regrettable is that it could delay introducing innovative mapping services in South Korea and as a result, South Korea could be left behind in the global competition,” Google engineer Kwon Bom-jun said in the company’s official blog in August. This story has been viewed 1152 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-14 to 2016-11-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 90+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Intersectanalysis This is how Facebook’s fake-news writers make money The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Abby Ohlheiser November 18 Follow @abbyohlheiser (J.J. Alcantara/The Washington Post; iStock) How much money can you bring in by making stuff up and putting it on the Internet? “I make like $10,000 a month from AdSense,” Paul Horner, a prolific, Facebook-focused fake-news writer told us this week. And among a growing group of Macedonian teenagers who see fake-news sites as a way to make easy money from American gullibility, the most successful can make about $5,000 a month, BuzzFeed reported. The money comes from ads, provided by the self-service ad technology of companies such as Google and Facebook. It is a business model that has changed little over the years, David Carroll, an associate professor of media design at the New School and an expert in advertising tech, told us. “Anybody can make a site and put ads on it,” he said. “They can easily set up a business, create content, and once it is viral, it drives traffic to their site.” [Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’] In 2016, the churn of fake news was a daily onslaught of fabricated or exceedingly misleading news stories designed to elevate or demonize presidential candidates, mixed into the flow of true or mostly true stories about the election. The stories were designed to be believed and shared. On Facebook, they were seeded into conservative and liberal filter bubbles through hyperpartisan media organizations with enormous numbers of Facebook followers. That alarming reach prompted critics to accuse Facebook, and to a much lesser extent Google, of influencing the elections by incentivizing fake political news — a charge that Facebook has denied. The attention was enough for the two companies to announce Monday that they were going to crack down on fake-news purveyors who use their services to make ad money. If they are successful in stopping fake-news sites from profiting, Horner told us, the effect would be devastating for his revenue. But Horner seemed confident that he and others like him would be able to adapt to the changes. After all, he has been doing this for a long time. [This is not an interview with Banksy] There are a lot of variables that factor into exactly how much a viral hoax story can make for its creator. But if you take Facebook shares as an indirect indicator of how widely viewed some of these sites might be, you start to understand why, if optimized properly, fake-news sites targeting hyperpartisan audiences can be lucrative. Consider these points before sharing a news article on Facebook. It could be fake. (Monica Akhtar/The Washington Post) The fabricated story posted to a fictional Denver news outlet just before the election “FBI AGENT SUSPECTED IN HILLARY EMAIL LEAKS FOUND DEAD IN APPARENT MURDER-SUICIDE” got more than 500,000 shares on Facebook. “Pope Francis Shocks World, Endorses Donald Trump for President, Releases Statement” is not remotely true, but one fake-news website reeled in more than 100,000 shares with it. A copycat version of the hoax on Ending the Fed was even more popular, shared more than 900,000 times on Facebook, according to Facebook’s API. Although hoax sites vary in sophistication, a quick tour of the usual suspects makes it clear that you don’t really have to put much thought into the design or functionality of the site — in other words, they can be cheaply made. Horner’s ABC News knockoff is much more rudimentary than the real thing, but looks roughly like a news site: (Image of abcnews.com.co) Others might be cluttered, filled with barely readable prose and, frankly, tough to look at. But a fake-news site does not need you to stay for long. They just need you to click, and they need a way to spread their work. Facebook has been a crucial vehicle for the spread of these fake stories. But it did not hurt that political personalities connected to the Trump campaign were also sharing those stories as if they were real, creating even more of an incentive for fake-news writers to target that audience. “When political personalities have shared the fake-news story,” Carroll said, it expands the reach of that story, and it “validates the source” in the eyes of its potential audience, because “a prominent person has shared it.” [What was fake on the Internet this election: Sean Hannity shares a fake story] Carroll estimated that a fake-news share from within the Trump campaign could earn the lucky hoaxer as much as $10,000 in extra revenue, provided they have taken full advantage of the ad services available to them. That’s a “huge economic incentive to create stories that they want to distribute.” So why are Google and Facebook just taking action against this use of their ad services now? Well, for one thing, those companies profit off the viral sites — legitimate or hoax — that use their services, too. “Google has more of an incentive to make information reliable,” Carroll noted, because Google’s business is based on providing accurate information to people who are looking for it. Facebook, though, “is about attention, not so much intention.” It’s generally good for Facebook’s business when something goes viral on the site, even if it’s not true. [Why Facebook and Google are struggling to purge fake news] In short, each company could “lose revenue if it shuts down a huge number of fake sites,” he said. The announced crackdown on fake-news sites using the companies’ ad services, at least “show an initial willingness to sacrifice some of their own revenue” to address the growing problem of bad information in their networks. There is also the question of how Facebook and Google will determine what is and is not in violation of their rules. Facebook has shown some reluctance in becoming the arbiter of truth. Chief executive Mark Zuckerberg has said that the company is not a “media company,” and he regularly resisted acknowledging its increasing responsibility in the greater media ecosystem online, instead sticking to its longtime assertion that Facebook is just a neutral platform for connecting people to others. Given Facebook’s resistance, Carroll’s suggestion was this: a crowdsourced, open, list of fake-news sites, regularly updated and refined by consensus. If companies such as Google and Facebook agreed to abide by the list, it would provide a way for them to distinguish between “real” and “fake” sites — and identify the many sites that publish a mix of both — for the purposes of enforcing their own policies, without taking on the responsibility of deciding those categories for themselves. It would work similarly to the lists that drive some ad-blocking services. Of course, there’s just one thing. “It’s uncharacteristic of them to adopt a crowdsourced model like this,” Carroll said. And in the bigger picture, not all hoaxers are motivated by the money. Cutting off the revenue of those who make fake news to earn a living will not stop people from sharing stories that are untrue. Read More: Facebook has repeatedly trended fake news since firing its human editors No, John Podesta didn’t drink bodily fluids at a secret Satanist dinner The only true winners of this election are trolls lifestyle the-intersect true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 90+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post. Follow @abbyohlheiser 98 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ after cast’s message to Pence 2 My husband’s family hates how we got together. Can they just get over it already? 3 Mark Zuckerberg outlines Facebook’s ideas to battle fake news 4 Why Trump gets theater completely and utterly wrong 5 Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ lifestyle the-intersect Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
null
null
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store AP November 18, 2016, 11:16 AM Google issues "digital death sentence" to resellers CBS News Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email SAN FRANCISCO — Some of Google’s unwitting users are learning a harsh lesson: If you violate the company’s policies, it can abruptly cut you off from your Gmail account, online photos and other vital digital services. Several people who recently bought Google’s new Pixel phone on behalf of a New Hampshire dealer are now suffering that punishment after the company detected their online purchases and judged they violated its terms of service. Those rules, outlined in a document that few people read closely, forbid the purchase of the Pixel for “commercial” resale. “There isn’t an hour that doesn’t go by that I don’t think about the enormity of what Google has done to me,” said one of the affected resellers, Shmuel Super of Brooklyn, New York. “This is like a digital death sentence.” Sell your phone, lose your account Super and his fellow resellers got into trouble for buying up to five Pixel phones from Google’s online store and having them delivered to New Hampshire for resale. They received $5 for each phone. As of Sunday, some started finding themselves locked out of their Google accounts. Play Video CBSN What to expect from Google's new Pixel phone Google is gearing up for a big event in San Francisco Tuesday, where it expected to announce several new products. The product getting the most h... In a Thursday statement, Google described the resale arrangement as a “scheme” devised by a dealer looking to sell the Pixels at marked-up prices in violation of its policies. Google declined to say how many people were affected by the account lockdown. DansDeals, a consumer-focused website that first reported Google’s crackdown, concluded that more than 200 people had been blocked from their Google accounts after talking to the New Hampshire dealer behind the Pixel buying spree. The Associated Press was unsuccessful in its efforts to identify and interview the dealer. The crackdown may come as a surprise to the hundreds of millions of people who now routinely rely on Google, Facebook, Apple and other tech companies as the caretakers of their digital lives. Few of the people involved in this situation appear to have backed up their data outside of Google. Google said it plans to restore the accounts of customers who it believes were unaware of the rules, although the company didn’t specify how long that might take. Living without Google Once they figured out why they were being locked out, the exiled consumers realized how dependent they had become on Google as the custodian of their digital communications, records and other mementoes. Play Video CBS This Morning Facebook, Google trying to stop spread of fake news People who got election news on Facebook might have been looking at more fake stories than real ones. BuzzFeed reached that surprising conclusion... Some said they couldn’t retrieve confirmation numbers for upcoming flights or notices about an upcoming credit-card payment. Others couldn’t fetch work documents or medical records. Some started getting phone calls from friends, family and colleagues wondering why they weren’t responding to emails. Like other two other people interviewed by the AP, Super said he had no idea that he was violating Google’s policies when he bought the Pixels for the New Hampshire dealer. He can’t believe Google would do something as extreme as locking him out of his account without warning, rather than just banning him from buying its phones in the future. “Google’s slogan is ‘Don’t be evil,’ but to me, there is nothing more evil that what Google has done here,” Super said. Crime and punishment Some of the Pixels purchased for resale were delivered before Google recognized the violations and meted out a punishment spelled out in a separate terms-of-service document . “We may suspend or stop providing our services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct,” Google warns in one section. Google doesn’t give any advance notice before it shuts down an account, and doesn’t make distinctions between minor and major violations. Affected users can appeal for reinstatement, though it’s unclear how long that might take or what criteria Google uses in such cases. Apple also forbids online purchases of iPhones for resale, although its terms of service say only that the company reserves the right to cancel any order suspected of breaking the rule. Daniel Levy, who has been locked out from his Google account since Monday, said he has learned a hard lesson, though not necessarily the one the company intended. “They confiscated my property and shouldn’t be trusted,” said Levy, who lives in Lakewood, New Jersey. “I will never use their services again.” © 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular From 60 Minutes President-elect Trump's business plans Stahl: Trump is "more subdued, more serious" Donald Trump's message to protesters Donald Trump's first interview on 60 Minutes Magnus Carlsen defends his title as chess champion Play Video The Giving Kitchen: How a restaurant nourishes the soul Play Video Mother Noella, the "Cheese Nun" Play Video The sparkling Christie Brinkley Play Video Bite at the museum Play Video Mike Pence on "Hamilton" cast: "I wasn't offended" Previous Next 33 Photos "Fantastic Beasts" star Eddie Redmayne 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 22 Photos Anti-Trump protests enter second week 24 Photos President Obama's final tour of Europe 34 Photos Supermoon rising Previous Next Most Discussed Donald Trump demands apology from "very rude" "Hamilton" cast Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Mike Pence revamps Trump's transition team, purging lobbyists Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post Trump team seeks top secret security clearances for Trump children New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Emirates plane flying from San Francisco to Dubai makes emergency landing in Moscow Society & Culture November 20, 20:30 Putin, Obama have brief conversation on sidelines of APEC summit Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 20, 19:46 Putin arrives at Lima Convention Center to attend final day of APEC summit Business & Economy November 20, 18:57 Orthodoxy and Russia inseparable - Putin Society & Culture November 20, 18:54 Mutko condemns WADA’s seeking to impose its rules on international federations Sport November 20, 18:52 Patriarch Kirill says believes relations between Russia and Ukraine will soon be restored Society & Culture November 20, 16:27 No secret agreements between Syria and Russia - Syrian foreign minister World November 20, 16:08 Russia asks WADA for expert to assist in structuring work of Moscow laboratory Sport November 20, 14:41 Russian senator calls excuse Swiss statement about escorting top-officials planes Russian Politics & Diplomacy November 20, 14:36 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 20.11.2016 19.11.2016 18.11.2016 17.11.2016 16.11.2016 15.11.2016 14.11.2016 ^ News Feed Sections World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review News Feed News Search Topics All World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news New Google lawsuit against Russian antimonopoly service submitted to court Business & Economy November 18, 19:25 UTC+3 MOSCOW On November 2, the watchdog has reviewed the issue of additional penalties for Google due to the company’s non-compliance with the orders regarding the Android case Share 1 pages in this article © EPA/BORIS ROESSLER MOSCOW, November 18. /TASS/. Google has filed a new lawsuit against the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS), according to the arbitration cases. The complaint was registered on November 18, 2016, by the Arbitration Court of Moscow and is currently under consideration. FAS has not commented on the issue yet, Google declined to comment. However, the American corporation has previously filed lawsuits against all decisions of FAS, except the last two fines for the total amount of 1 mln rubles ($15.408) for the company’s non-compliance with the service’s orders. A source familiar with the situation told TASS that the current claim is against the recent fines for Google. Read also Yandex appeals against rejection for its involvement in Google antimonopoly proceedings Google must comply with regulator's order two weeks after receiving decision — official FAS fines Google for $15,765 for non-compliance with orders Russian watchdog calls to conduct cases against Google and Apple in other BRICS countries Google must comply with orders in full to avoid new penalty — regulator On November 2, FAS has reviewed the issue of additional penalties for Google due to the company’s non-compliance with the orders regarding the Android case and decided to set two fines for the company’s structures for a total amount of $15,408. "FAS Russia Google Inc. and Google Ireland Limited are administratively responsible for non-compliance with orders. The service has set the fine of 500,000 ($7,868) for each company. Earlier FAS refused to extend Google’s deadline for complying with the requirements," FAS said at the time. These were the first fines for the corporation for non-compliance with orders. Earlier, Head of FAS Igor Artemyev told journalists that FAS could fine Google every two weeks if the company delays enforcing regulations of the service. On November 1, the Moscow Arbitration Court adjourned the case of the Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) fine for Google for December 8. Additionally, the Court has decided to review the case behind closed doors. Thus, the court rejected the application of the Russian company Yandex to be involved in the case as a third party. Yandex is going to study the court’s ruling and will decide on the appeal, the company told TASS. The lawyer of the company also talked about the possibility of filing an appeal in court. According to Google representative, the Russian company does not have the right to participate in this case, because it was not granted a victim status under Russia’s Code of Administrative Offences. In September 2015, the Federal Antimonopoly Service ruled that Google Inc. and Google Ireland Ltd. had breached the competition protection law under the complaint of the Russian Internet company Yandex. According to the regulator, Google obliged manufacturers of Android OS-based devices to pre-install its applications together with Android platform. FAS said that Google’s policy restricted installation of applications by other developers. Google did not agree with the ruling and appealed to the court. Google did not agree with FAS decision and appealed to the court. On February 5, 2015, the Court brought Yandex as a third party in the case and decided to hold hearings behind closed doors. On March 14, the Moscow Arbitration Court has dismissed the lawsuit Google filed against Russia’s FAS. In March 2016, the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) initiated administrative proceedings against Google to determine the amount of fine under part 2 article 14.31 of the Russian Code of Administrative Offences. According to the article, in view of the abuse of dominant position on the market of operating systems for mobile devices in Russia, Google as the owner of the Android OS can pay a fine ranging from 1% to 15% of its revenues on the Russian market in 2014. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Companies Google Top News November 20, 11:04 Putin greets Patriarch Kirill on his 70th birthday November 20, 11:04 November 20, 11:08 China, Russia should promote establishment of free trade zone in APR - Xi November 20, 11:08 November 20, 9:22 Russia’s economic line after minister’s dismissal to remain unchanged - view November 20, 9:22 November 20, 9:23 Plane with Kremlin pool reporters arrives in Lima with 1.5-day delay November 20, 9:23 In other media Реклама Photo 18 Russian Arctic, the history of exploration 6 Sales of iPhone 7 officially start in Russia 5 First international flight arrives from Minsk at Moscow's newest airport Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Putin, Obama have brief conversation on sidelines of APEC summit 2 Orthodoxy and Russia inseparable - Putin 3 Plane with Kremlin pool reporters arrives in Lima with 1.5-day delay 4 Putin greets Patriarch Kirill on his 70th birthday 5 Emirates plane flying from San Francisco to Dubai makes emergency landing in Moscow 6 Russian Defense Ministry says ‘Aleppo bombings blunder’ will leave stain on Kirby’s bio 7 Russian senator calls excuse Swiss statement about escorting top-officials planes 1 Putin may meet up with Obama "on the move" at APEC summit in Lima 2 APEC 2016 summit to open in Peru 3 Moscow to respond to Bern’s explanations over Russian airliner - spokeswoman 4 Russian Army to receive missiles with warheads based on new physical principles 5 China, Russia should promote establishment of free trade zone in APR - Xi 6 Turkish president says he is ‘disillusioned’ with US 7 Reserve plane carries parts to fix Il-96-300 stuck in Lisbon 1 Russian forces launch large-scale operation against terrorists in Syria 2 Russia's Tupolev-95MSM bomber delivers first-ever strike on mission to Syria 3 MIG-29 fighter jet crashes into Mediterranean off Syrian coast 4 Russian expert on accuracy of Kh-101 cruise missiles used against terrorists in Syria 5 Russian Army to receive missiles with warheads based on new physical principles 6 Obama calls Russia ‘military superpower,’ important partner 7 Russia declines to ratify International Criminal Court Statute TOP STORIES US presidential election 2016 Conflict in Syria Russia's defense industry Oil & Gas Industry Space programs Реклама News World Russian Politics & Diplomacy Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2016 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us 4K content has started rolling out via Google Play Movies +3,798 Andrew Myrick Nov 18th, 2016 Google has started rolling out 4K content to the Google Play Movies library. This move has been expected for some time, and then was expedited with the release of the new Chromecast Ultra. Now, there are a few movies that are being made available for purchase from the Play Store. As you would expect, the UHD/4K version is fairly pricey, coming in at $24.99, which is almost double the price of the standard HD version. According to one Redditor, movies that have already been purchased can not be upgraded or re-purchased at this time. However, Google has been made aware of the issue and will be working on a fix. We will probably continue to see more content rolled out over the coming weeks, but at least we know Google has started to get the ball rolling. Let us know if you come across any issues or find new content that is being upgraded to 4K on the Play Store. [Reddit] Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (6) stars Further Reading AirDroid is updated to version 4.0 Google Shops are launching in Canada and the UK Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store Android Nougat comes to the Moto Z Droid The Huawei Mate 9 Lite is official stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian An entertaining holiday gift guide for techies Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Slain soldier’s family booed Kanye cuts Sac show short Trump U lawsuits settled ‘Touch disease’ woes Bourdain in San Jose Business Wolverton: An entertaining holiday gift guide for techies Tech enthusiasts likely to be thrilled by virtual reality, new videos and games Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Courtesy of Sony Sony’s PlayStation VR virtual reality headset is one of several VR devices that hit the market this year. By Troy Wolverton | twolverton@bayareanewsgroup.com PUBLISHED: November 18, 2016 at 7:00 am | UPDATED: November 19, 2016 at 6:45 am With the holiday season almost upon us, it’s time to start thinking about what to get those special people in our lives. You know, the tech enthusiasts. There are lots of great tech products out there this year, from smart home devices to drones to new computers to smart watches. But to me, the most exciting products of all — and the ones most likely to thrill your techie — are those in the entertainment category. From virtual reality devices to game consoles to TVs to digital streaming devices, you’ll find all kinds of new and compelling stuff — and might even find a thing or two for yourself. Here are some of the highlights: Virtual reality This has been the year of VR, with several major virtual reality systems and lots of less well-known headsets hitting store shelves For now, the ultimate VR experiences come from Facebook’s Oculus Rift ($600) and HTC’s Vive ($800) headsets. Both offer smooth video, immersive sound and a growing number of VR experiences. While Vive comes with motion sensing hand controllers, you’ll have to order Oculus’ similar Touch controllers ($200) separately. Both headsets also require a high-powered Windows computer — with Vive being even more demanding than Rift — such as Lenovo’s Ideacentre Y700 series (starting at $800). One way to save money: Amazon, Best Buy and other companies are bundling a PC with the headsets at discounted price. But you can get an experience that may be almost as good for a lot less with Sony’s PlayStation VR ($400). Sony’s been courting major developers to make games for its VR headset; you can already get titles from the “Star Wars Battlefront,” “Resident Evil” and “Batman: Arkham” series. If you don’t already have them, you’ll need a PlayStation 4 (starting at $300) and a PlayStation Camera ($60) to use the PlayStation VR. You’ll like also want to get a Move motion controller ($40). If that still sounds too pricey, here is another option. If you have one of the latest Samsung smartphones, you can plug it into the Gear VR headset ($100). Samsung’s VR app creates a stereoscopic effect by dividing the phone’s screen in half, presenting a slighting different image for each eye. Google is offering a similar system called Daydream View ($79) for its new Pixel smartphone (starting at $650). If you’ve got an iPhone or a different Android phone, check out Mattel’s View-Master Deluxe ($30), Homido’s V2 virtual reality headset and the Zeiss VR One Plus ($130). Or go with the cheapest options of all: Google’s Cardboard and related headsets (starting at $9), which are literally made of the same stuff as packing boxes. In addition to playing virtual reality games and seeing professionally edited VR videos, the techies in your life might also want to shoot and view their own videos in their VR headsets. Among the options: Ricoh’s Theta S ($350) and Nikon’s waterproof KeyMission 360 ($500), both of which shoot 360-degree videos. There’s also Samsung’s similar Gear 360 ($350), which is designed to be used with the company’s smartphones, and the LucidCam ($400), which shoots 180-degree stereoscopic videos, giving them a 3D effect. TVs If your techie gets queasy at the thought of strapping on a VR headset, you might want to go old-school and take a look at getting him or her a new TV. Flat-screen televisions have come down dramatically in price in recent years. And even those with some of the latest features are often amazingly affordable. 4K, HDR and OLED are some of the newest technologies in televisions. 4K offers a higher resolution picture, which is really only important on the largest sets. HDR, or high-dynamic range, helps bring out details in bright and shaded areas. It helps improve the picture on sets of all sizes, but it only comes on those that also support 4K. OLED, or organic light-emitting diode, televisions are amazingly thin sets that use a new kind of display technology that offers the best pictures available. You can find HDR sets for as little as $450 for a 40-inch set. The starting price for a 4K HDR 65-inch set — about the size where 4K actually starts to matter — is around $1,200. Expect to pay $2,000 for a 55-inch OLED set, which generally are only available right now from LG. Digital streamers Once your techies have a new 4K HDR TV, they’ll want to watch something on it. Although many come with their own built-in apps, they are often difficult to use and quickly outdated. For something simpler that’s likely to stay useful longer, check out the latest digital streaming devices from Roku and Google. Roku’s digital media players are known for being affordable, easy to use and offering the widest selection of streaming channels available. Its new Premiere ($80) box will stream 4K videos, while its Premiere+ ($100) and Ultra ($130) devices support both 4K and HDR. Google helped shake up the industry three years ago with the Chromecast, a tiny, bargain-priced streamer. The new Chromecast Ultra ($70) is similarly small, but it adds 4K and HDR support. Video games With their latest game systems now three years old and starting to feel dated, Sony and Microsoft recently released upgraded versions. The most notable new feature of both is each supports 4K HDR video and can stream movies and TV shows in that format from sources like Netflix and Amazon. Sony’s PlayStation 4 Pro ($400) is the more impressive upgrade of the two. Sony ramped up the graphics processor in the console from the original PlayStation 4, giving the updated machine the ability to play games that are in 4K resolution. So, if your techie is looking for something to play on his or her new jumbo-sized ultra-high resolution television, the Pro is the way to go. Microsoft’s Xbox One S (starting at $300) doesn’t have the ability to play 4K games, but it does have a trick the PS4 Pro lacks. Unlike Sony’s game gadget, the Xbox One S can play ultra-high definition movies that are stored on 4K Blu-ray discs. It also comes in a version that has two terabytes of storage ($400), double what you get with the PS4 Pro. Nintendo has something to offer its fans too. The company recently released the NES Classic Edition ($60), a miniaturized version of its original game console from 1985. It comes with 30 games pre-installed, including classics like “Donkey Kong,” “Pac-Man,” “Castlevania” and “Super Mario Bros.” Assuming you can get your hands on it — it’s been selling out widely — it’s perfect for older techies with a bit of 80s nostalgia. If your techies are Nintendo enthusiasts of a more recent vintage, you may want to give them a rain check or a gift certificate to their favorite game store. The company is supposed to release a brand new game console called the Switch next spring. Oh, and don’t forget the games. Among the most popular recent or anticipated releases are “Titanfall 2” ($50, for the PS4, Xbox One and PC), “Watch Dogs 2,” (starting at $60 for the PS4, Xbox One and PC)  “Final Fantasy XV” (starting at $60, for the PS4 and Xbox One), Civilization VI ($60, PC and Mac) and “Pokemon Sun” and “Pokemon Moon” ($40 each, both for the Nintendo 3DS). You might also want to check out “Roblox,” a popular app for kids on PCs, smartphones and tablets that offers thousands of mini-games. Tags:  Gift Guide Holidays Personal Technology Tech Files Television Video Games virtual reality Troy Wolverton Troy Wolverton writes the Tech Files column and covers consumer technology as the personal technology columnist for the Bay Aea News Group. Previously, he covered Apple and the consumer electronics industry. Earlier, he reported on technology, business and financial issues for TheStreet.com and CNET News.com. Follow Troy Wolverton https://www.facebook.com/TechFiles.bayareanewsgroup/ Follow Troy Wolverton @troywolv Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Half Moon Bay plane crash victim identified Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames users San Jose: Police arrest gang member suspected of shooting at officers Kawakami: Why the A’s had to move on from the Lew Wolff era Dungeness crab: Where to eat, buy NOW in the Bay Area Bourdain in San Jose: On Trump, Elite Yelpers, craft beer, cupcakes Debate over ‘Hamilton’ speech exposes post-election cracks DUI charges against 19-year-old woman dropped in Moss Landing double fatal crash More in Business Holiday shopping: For department stores in the Bay Area and beyond, the pressure is on November 20, 2016, 3:25 am As department stores in the Bay Area and beyond have struggled under shifts in consumer shopping habits and the increased competition of an online retail world, the pressure is on this holiday season for the retailers to turn themselves around. Mark Zuckerberg shares what Facebook is doing about fake news November 20, 2016, 3:26 am CEO Mark Zuckerberg on Friday responded to criticism that Facebook’s news feed rewarded false stories in the run-up to the U.S. presidential election, including a post that said Donald Trump was endorsed by the Pope. Biz Break: LinkedIn looks locked out in Russia, for now November 18, 2016, 3:25 pm LinkedIn runs afoul of a Russian law requiring data on Russian citizens to be stored on servers in the country. California’s biggest Obamacare insurer not ‘running for the hills’ November 19, 2016, 6:18 am Markovich said he expects the San Francisco-based insurer to lose money on its exchange business this year after posting profits in 2014 and 2015. But he said the insurer isn’t looking to pull out. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2016 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 51 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 20, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 20, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 51 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Google rebuffed, South Korean won’t map data By YOUKYUNG LEE The Associated Press First Published Nov 18 2016 09:00AM    •    Last Updated Nov 18 2016 09:00 am Choe Byong-Nam, a director general of South Korea's National Geographic Information Institute, speaks after a meeting at the National Geographic Information Institute in Suwon, South Korea, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016. South Korea has rejected Google's request to use local mapping data in the company's global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. (Hong KI-won/Yonhap via AP) Choe Byong-Nam, a director general of South Korea's National Geographic Information Institute, speaks after a meeting at the National Geographic Information Institute in Suwon, South Korea, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016. South Korea has rejected Google's request to use local mapping data in the company's global maps service in a highly-awaited deliberation that divided the country for months. (Hong KI-won/Yonhap via AP) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Seoul • South Korea rejected a request by Google to use local mapping data in the company's global maps service in a long-awaited ruling Friday that had divided the country for months. The company said it was disappointed by the decision, which the land ministry said was based on concerns over national security. "We're disappointed by this decision. We've always taken security concerns very seriously and will continue to provide useful map services in compliance with Korea's current map data export regulation," Taj Meadows, a Google spokesperson, said in a statement. The South Korean government said the risks outweighed benefits from exporting the country's mapping data to Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc. VIDEOS TOP JOBS South Korea, facing the overt threat of rival North Korea, bars exporting local mapping data to foreign companies that do not operate domestic data servers. Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc., handles its maps service at data centers outside South Korea. The restrictions have limited the usefulness of Google Maps within South Korea, since the app cannot offer driving or walking directions. The government had proposed granting permission to Google to use local mapping data for Google Maps if the company would blur sensitive information on South Korean military facilities on its satellite map. "Our position from the start was that if it deletes security facilities, we would allow exporting (the local mapping data)," said Kim Tong-il, an official at the land ministry. "Google's position is that it won't delete those. The question was whether we would allow that regardless." South Korea has been divided over the issue since Google filed its request in June. The government extended an August deadline to this month, highlighting disagreements between government ministries. The long-time deliberation reflects growing support for Google within some government ministries that are trying to promote tourism and local firms' overseas businesses. One of the biggest inconveniences that foreign tourists run into in South Korea, which has some of the fastest and cheapest internet access in the world, is the lack of an online mapping service with navigation and directions in foreign languages. Some local businesses and consumers opposed giving Google full access to the local mapping data, saying it would be unfair to local companies that operate local data servers to support their map services. They said Google should build data centers in South Korea instead of seeking an exemption from the rules. Google said earlier that restricting Google Maps in South Korea would be an inconvenience for foreigners visiting the host country of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics in 2018. It also argued that restrictions on exporting the local mapping data could hinder efforts of companies to roll out global services using locations data and will deprive local consumers of cutting-edge services.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Exonerated Arizona man shows Utah lawmakers the human face of death row mistakes Op-ed: Should Mormons who voted for Trump get temple recommends? Kirby: My 'little factory,' my business Utah football: Stunning loss to Oregon ends Utes' South Division hopes Monson: Utah betrays itself in upset loss ELEVATE During National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month the Focus is Keeping Caregivers Healthy   Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us The Play Store comes to 4 more Chromebooks +4,775 Andrew Myrick Nov 18th, 2016 Google has been taking awhile in its rollout of the Google Play Store onto Chromebooks. The first Chromebooks saw the update shortly after the official announcement at Google I/O 2016, but more and more devices have been gaining support. Recently, Google has pushed an update to the developer channel for Chrome OS which adds Play Store support for a couple of more Chromebooks. These include the following: Dell Chromebook 13 HP 13 Samsung Chromebook 3 ASUS C301SA Considering that getting the Play Store on your Chromebook requires you to use the developer channel, it’s important to remember there may be bugs and not every application will work flawlessly. So be sure to backup all of your pertinent information in the case of needing to reset your Chromebook back to the Stable channel. [ChromeUnboxed] local_offer    Chrome OS   Chromebooks   Google Play Store   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (31) stars Further Reading Google tweaks the Top Charts of the Play Store The Play Store sees another update Google's battle against Play Store manipulation continues Acer announces the Chromebook 15 for $199 A new Samsung Chromebook has been leaked stars Popular this Weeklaunch 1 more_vertProtect the back of your Google Pixel using Puffy Paint closeIf you hate using cases, this simple DIY will protect your Pixel’s back glass from scratches The 2.5D glass on the back of the Google Pixel is extremely fragile. Because we die a little on the inside with each scratch, we decided to do something about it. This easy DIY solution can be done in seconds and save the back glass of your Google Pixel fro wear and tear. Check it out. 2 more_vertThe Galaxy Note 7 isn't dead yet closeSamsung may begin offering refurbished Galaxy Note 7s next year A new report is suggesting that Samsung is planning on selling refurbished Galaxy Note 7s in emerging markets such as India and Vietnam sometime in 2017. 3 more_vertThis is the OnePlus 3T closeThis is the OnePlus 3T OnePlus has unveiled the new OnePlus 3T which features a larger 3,400mAh battery, 16MP front-facing camera, and is powered by the Snapdragon 821. 4 more_vertAndroid Auto v2 is now available closeDownload: Everyone can download the all-new Android Auto app now! The all-new update for Android Auto is finally available. This update allows anyone with an Android device running Android 5.0 or above to use Android Auto without a compatible car headset. 5 more_vertPixel cases may cause camera issues closeHaving camera issues on the Pixel or Pixel XL? Try removing your case It’d be natural to assume that any issue with the camera on your new smartphone is strictly related to hardware failure, but in the case of the Pixel and Pixel XL it may not even be its fault. 6 more_vert70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals close70+ of the best Amazon Black Friday deals Amazon is sharing more details about their forthcoming Black Friday deals. The company has listed out specific deals throughout various product categories, with the list totaling 74. 7 more_vertT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season wi closeT-Mobile kicks off holiday shopping season with Magenta Friday Black Friday? Screw Black Friday. T-Mobile is doing Magenta Friday. Because they’re cool. 8 more_vert700 million Chinese phones may be intentional close700 million Chinese phones may be intentionally spying on you We’re not sure what’s up with all the questionable data gathering practices in China, but another episode of privacy-busting spyware is plaguing phones from the country. 9 more_vertRumored OnePlus 4 specs surface closeRumor: OnePlus 4 coming with 8GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, Quad HD display, and more If the OnePlus 3T is considered an incremental upgrade, then the OnePlus 4 — if these latest rumors are to be believed — can be pegged as a bombshell. 10 more_vertTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now a closeTouchOne’s predictive keyboard is now available for free on the Samsung Gear S2 The unique and intuitive TouchOne keyboard suffered some unfortunate delays for its Gear S2 launch, but if you’ve been waiting patiently for it you’ll be happy to learn that it’s available in the Samsung Galaxy Apps store starting today Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
