RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, November 18, 2016 10:15 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected Sunday October 2, 2016 07:41 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Arts festival looks at what goes into a plate of food Street protests against Islamic law, Jakim tells Muslims Astronauts back on earth after China’s longest-ever mission With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. — Reuters picBRUSSELS, Oct 2 ― EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet’s Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the US technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google’s Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google “cannot punish or threaten” companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission’s investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. “The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence,” it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob’s in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: “We look forward to showing the European Commission that we’ve designed the Android model in a way that’s good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region.” Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favouring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google’s operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. ― Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Fintech association anticipates regional investments With Trump win, China looks to seize Asia free trade leadership European stocks falter, euro hits 12-month dollar low Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Bank Negara Malaysia says it is intervening in currency market Most Watched Now Week Bloomberg Video: Resurrecting Jaguar’s legendary XKSS supercar Neil Patrick Harris stars as Count Olaf in trailer for ‘A Series of Unfortunate Events’ ‘Fantastic Beasts’ of the TSA with James Corden, Eddie Redmayne Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Reuters Video: Thailand sinks boats to tackle illegal fishing Related Articles Updates and fixes in store for iOS and Android ‘Breaking Bad’ star Aaron Paul confirmed for sci-fi thriller ‘Android’ Software star Google expected to flex hardware muscle Google smartphone expected at October 4 event Turn learning English into a game with Angry Birds Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg How To Keep Your Android Device Malware Free 1 October 2016, 7:02 pm EDT By Virginia DCruz Tech Times Android Marshmallow - Fascinating FactsNow Playing Latest News And Scoops On SmartphoneNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Keeping Android devices free from malware is becoming a priority because apps are increasingly targeted by hackers. Here are the important tips for making Android devices safe during installation of apps and for removing infected ones.  ( Android ) Advertisement Finding a great Android app for mobile devices and downloading it could lead to a malware getting a free ride along with it. Getting Android devices to work at their full potential means downloading apps. However, with malware using apps to piggyback into mobile devices, it is becoming harder to know which ones are safe. In light of the new DressCode malware finding its way to apps in the Google Play Store, it has become imperative that Android users know how to avoid malware and deal with infected devices. Below are some tips on how to keep Android devices malware free: Use Legitimate Sites To Download Apps Heading to the Google Play Store is the preferred and primary method to find Android apps. However, with "DressCode" spreading to more than 400 apps on Google Play Store according to Trend Micro a few precautions need to be adopted. This includes checking reviews associated with the app before downloading them, because infected apps are often downloaded by users who do not check the problems already pointed out by others. Keep The Operating System Current Making sure the operating system on the mobile device has been updated to the latest version. Google and smartphone manufacturers are always sending out "bug fixes and enhancements" designed to keep devices secure. Employ A VPN On Public Wi-Fi Using public Wi-Fi could be popular, but Trend Micro encourages users to employ a VPN, as it protects data "sending and receiving through encryption." Get A Good Antivirus App Finding a good antivirus app is a solid step to ensure an Android device remains secure. With good options from Avast, McAfee, Kaspersky available, picking and choosing the one with the right features is easy. With several companies offering packages for a mobile device and a computer, a yearly subscription can provide coverage for all devices. Most of those who regularly use the internet find that malware is a fact of life and in spite of safeguards, devices could still get infected. PC Advisor listed steps on how to remove malware from a mobile device: 1. Use the power button to reboot an Android device into "Safe Mode." 2. Click the "Settings" icon to open the menu and navigate till the apps that have been downloaded are displayed. Then check if any suspicious apps are currently on the device. 3. Select the suspicious app and use the "Uninstall" button to remove it. In case this button cannot be accessed and it is unavailable as the app has device administrator status, head to another area within the device to uninstall it. 4. Navigate to Settings, then select Security > Device Administrators and once the box next to a specific app has been selected it can be deactivated on the next screen. 5. Once the app is deactivated, head to the apps menu to remove it completely from the device. 6. After the app has been removed, restart the device without using safe mode. 7. Don't mind erasing all data from a mobile device to get rid of malware that refuses to be deleted? Then opting for the factory reset option will take an Android device back to the state it was when it was manufactured. Keeping Android devices safe from malware is not rocket science and with mobile devices becoming increasingly sophisticated, manufacturers are ensuring that customers get the best tools to handle threats from hackers. TAG Android, Malware, Android Apps © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Malicious 'DressCode' Malware Now Spreading Across App Stores Google Play Store Apps Sneakily Infected With New DressCode Android Malware Calm Down, Android Users: Quadrooter Vulnerability Not A Massive Security Threat, Google Says QuadRooter Android Vulnerability Puts 900 Million Phones At Risk: Run This Scanner Now New Android Malware Blocks Outgoing Calls To Banks To Keep You From Reporting Or Canceling Suspicious Activity From Our Sponsor Five Reasons You Should Buy An iPhone 6s And Not iPhone 7 The iPhone 7 has hit the stores but iPhone 6s still makes a compelling buy. Here's why. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 2 Space 1000 Years: The Time Humans Have, Says Stephen Hawking, To Find Another Planet Or Face Mass Extinction 3 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 5 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Announces Magenta Friday Sale Before Black Friday: Two Free Lines For A Family Of Four 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
null
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← [Deal Alert] HTC is offering the 10 in all models and colors for $549 ($150 off) Dolphin emulator adds Vulkan support for Android → EU may fine Alphabet, Google’s parent company, for anti-competitive practices on Android Oct 2 Posted by ishubhamsingh It’s no secret that Android is heavily integrated with Google search. Google Now (soon to be Google Assistant) is the primary voice assistant, and Google search is included on every device with the Google Play Store. According to Reuters, Google also pays device manufacturers to keep Google as the only search application on Android devices, and the European Union isn’t thrilled. EU antitrust regulators are ordering Google’s parent company, Alphabet, to cease providing incentives to keep Google search installed exclusively on Android devices. Read More EU may fine Alphabet, Google’s parent company, for anti-competitive practices on Android was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2dOWPun via Blogger http://ift.tt/2dAc1Io Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on October 2, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← [Deal Alert] HTC is offering the 10 in all models and colors for $549 ($150 off) Dolphin emulator adds Vulkan support for Android → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (680) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (186) IFTTT (193) TalkAndroid (729) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,129) Android Authority (3,171) Games (3,589) Phones (3,589) apps (3,590) tablets (3,592) android (9,456) Recent Posts Samsung has experienced the worst year-on-year market share and sales drop in its history November 18, 2016 Samsung rolls out second Android 7.0 Nougat build in Europe November 18, 2016 Amazon introduces early Black Friday Alexa-exclusive deals November 18, 2016 CyanogenMod 14.1 now available on OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, Nexus 6 and more November 18, 2016 BLU’s $50 R1 HD gets updated to support T-Mobile Band 12 and VoLTE November 18, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,393 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Drive predicts what you need with Quick Access feature By Ida Torres - October 1, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter If you use Google Drive for your cloud storage and you have a gazillion files in there, chances are you might have wished that Google would just find a way to read your mind so you wouldn’t have to search for the files that you actually need. Okay, probably no one wishes that because it sounds kind of creepy, but the tech giant has found a way to do that. Sort of. A new feature called Quick Access actually predicts what files you will be needing when you open your drive. When you open your Google Drive on your Android device, you will now see a section at the top called Quick Access. Based on your file behavior and your recurring patterns, it will show you the files that you most likely need or you are probably looking for. Machine learning is a tricky and useful tech for things like this, although it is always slightly creepy since you don’t necessarily want “someone” peeking into your activities. But hey, that’s the price that we pay for wanting to have AI incorporated into our work process. Google say that the Quick Access feature will shave off 50% of the time you use to look for and open the files you may need. Aside from your Drive activity, it also looks at your interaction with colleagues as well as recurring patterns like regular team meetings, conference calls, etc. G Suite, the newly launched rebranding of Google Apps for Work, is really big on collaboration and the upcoming changes to the various apps, including Google Drive, reflects that. However, the Quick Access feature will actually only be available for those who are on G Suite. It’s now live for Google Drive on Android, and not yet for desktop or browser. But it will probably arrive soon, so in the meantime, keep on using the cloud service so Google can learn from you, if you’re not creeped out by that. SOURCE: Google TAGS Android Apps G Suite Google Google Drive Update Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,413FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,474FollowersFollow 59,555SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
null
Home Lifestyle Science Indian-origin South African teen Kiara Nirghin wins big at Google science fair Indian-origin South African teen Kiara Nirghin wins big at Google science fair A 16-year-old Indian-origin South African high school student has won the top prize of scholarship worth $50,000 at the annual Google science fair in the US for using orange peel to develop a cheap... By: PTI | Johannesburg | Updated: October 2, 2016 3:15 AM Kiara Nirghin, 16, a Grade 11 pupil at private school St Martin’s, submitted a project aimed at alleviating the severe drought that is currently plaguing South Africa. (Facebook) A 16-year-old Indian-origin South African high school student has won the top prize of scholarship worth $50,000 at the annual Google science fair in the US for using orange peel to develop a cheap super- absorbent material to help soil retain water. Kiara Nirghin, 16, a Grade 11 pupil at private school St Martin’s, submitted a project aimed at alleviating the severe drought that is currently plaguing South Africa. Titled ‘No More Thirsty Crops’, her solution to the drought problem uses the peels from orange and avocado fruits, which are normally discarded. The Google science fair is a programme for any budding scientists between the ages of 13 to 18, who are invited to solve the world’s biggest challenges using science and technology. “I have always had a great love for chemistry since I was young. I vividly remember at the age of seven experimenting with vinegar and baking soda solutions in plastic cups,” Nirghin said in her submission, in which she cited a renowned Indian scientist as her greatest inspiration. “M S Swaminathan, has always been an inspiration of mine as he truly believed in the necessary movement of not only India but the whole world towards sustainable agricultural development,” she said. “I hope to one day become a scientist specialising in agricultural science and also become a molecular gastronomist,” she added. Nirghin explained how she had found an alternative in the fruit peels to super-absorbent polymers (SAPs) which absorb and carry about 300 times its weight in liquid relative to their own mass. “These SAPs are not biodegradable, costly and full of acrylic acid, sodium hydroxide and other chemicals. During more research in the topic, I found that natural occurring polymers exist in most citrus fruits,” Nirghin said. After 45 days of experimentation, Nirghin was successful in creating a low-cost super-absorbent polymer, made out of waste products found in the juice manufacturing industry, that is biodegradable, can retain large amounts of water, keep soil moist and improve crop growth without regular water supplements. “The only resources involved in the creation of the ‘orange peel mixture’ were electricity and time, with no special equipment or materials required,” she said. Nirghin’s discovery has huge financial implications for agriculture, as her creation which she has dubbed ‘orange peel mixture’ could retail at $30 to $60 per metric ton, as compared to the $2,000 plus costs of SAPs. The young scientist is convinced that her mixture will help assist farmers in agricultural drought disaster areas, where food security could increase by 73 per cent. Now Nirghin has set her sights on using orange peel SAP in experiments testing water filtration and oil removal from water. “I would also like to make large amounts of orange peel SAP and apply it to crops such as maize and wheat in poorer communities in South Africa,” she added. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur Now, take pics with Coca-Cola's 'selfie bottle' Pakistani parents rally against Turkish teachers' expulsion  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 1 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 Report: Google again under investigation by the EU for antitrust violations in Android Justin Duino - 2 months ago @jaduino Android Google Alphabet View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Alphabet and the European Union have been in court for some time now over several alleged antitrust violations. These have been over claims that Google has favored its products in search results, forcing Android manufacturers to pre-install its applications, and even claims that the company makes it hard for advertisers to switch to other ad platforms. A new report claims that the EU looks to fine Google for incentivizing Android manufacturers to install Google Search on devices… Reuters was able to get access to a European Commission document from antitrust regulators that was sent out to complainants that shows that the court wants Google to stop giving OEMs financial benefits for installing Google Search onto their phones and tablets. The reasoning for this lawsuit is that the EU believes that Google’s actions could be harmful enough to shutter other companies: EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet’s (GOOGL.O) Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. Google had this to say about the possible charges: We look forward to showing the European Commission that we’ve designed the Android model in a way that’s good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region. If the EU does fine Google for this situation, the court documents did point to a hefty charge that would deter Google and other companies from these types of actions again. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Alphabet View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Google Calendar now has smart scheduling feature “find a time” By Ida Torres - October 1, 2016 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter When organizing meetings with several team members who have a lot of things going on them with them as well, it can be tough trying to find a common time and you will probably go back and forth on emails and chats just trying to look for that “golden window”. A new feature that Google Calendar is introducing can help solve that issue. You now have a “find a time” option and Google will automatically look for that common time among all the attendees. This feature is available for those who are on G Suite, or Google App for Works (the former being the new branding for the latter). Create a meeting through your Google Calendar and add the ones you want to invite. Then click on the Find the Time option under the names of your invited guests. It will then show you a list of the best suggestions as to the date and time when you can meet. It won’t just show you one date and time but also the next best slots as back-up in case that’s still not good for one or any of the participants. In case it doesn’t find a common time for all of you, it will also show conflicts among the group where it might be easy to resolve a conflict. It will also show you a list of suggested places where you can meet, which may be some rooms in your office or a coffee shop that’s in the middle of all of your locations. And even though Google will suggest these things, eventually, it will still be up to you to choose that best fit for all of you. The “find a time” feature is now available on your Google Calendar if you’re a G Suite user. You can find it on your Android app only for now, but soon, it will also be available on the web version. SOURCE: Google TAGS Android Apps G Suite Google Google Calendar Update Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,413FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,474FollowersFollow 59,555SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Indian-origin SAfrican teen wins big at Google science fair Press Trust of India | Johannesburg Oct 02, 2016 12:42 AM IST A 16-year-old Indian-origin South African high school student has won the top prize of scholarship worth USD 50,000 at the annual Google science fair in the US for using orange peel to develop a cheap super- absorbent material to help soil retain water. Kiara Nirghin, 16, a Grade 11 pupil at private school St Martin's, submitted a project aimed at alleviating the severe drought that is currently plaguing South Africa. Titled 'No More Thirsty Crops', her solution to the drought problem uses the peels from orange and avocado fruits, which are normally discarded. The Google science fair is a programme for any budding scientists between the ages of 13 to 18, who are invited to solve the world's biggest challenges using science and technology. "I have always had a great love for chemistry since I was young. I vividly remember at the age of sevenexperimenting with vinegar and baking soda solutionsin plastic cups," Nirghin said in her submission, in which she cited a renowned Indian scientist as her greatest inspiration. "M S Swaminathan, has always been an inspiration of mine ashe truly believed in the necessary movement of not only India but the whole world towards sustainable agriculturaldevelopment," she said. "I hope to one day become a scientist specialising in agricultural science and also become a molecular gastronomist," she added. Nirghin explained how she had found an alternative in the fruit peels to super-absorbent polymers (SAPs) which absorb and carry about 300 times its weight in liquid relative to their own mass. "These SAPs are not biodegradable, costly and full of acrylic acid, sodium hydroxide and other chemicals. During more research in the topic, I found that natural occurring polymers exist in most citrus fruits," Nirghin said. After 45 days of experimentation, Nirghin was successful in creating a low-cost super-absorbent polymer, made out of waste products found in the juice manufacturing industry, that is biodegradable, can retain large amounts of water, keep soil moist and improve crop growth without regular water supplements. "The onlyresources involved in the creation of the 'orange peelmixture' were electricity and time, with no special equipment or materials required," she said. Nirghin's discovery has huge financial implications for agriculture, as her creation which she has dubbed 'orange peelmixture' could retail at USD 30 to USD 60 per metric ton, as compared to the USD 2,000 plus costs of SAPs. The young scientist is convinced that her mixture will help assist farmers in agricultural drought disaster areas, where foodsecurity could increase by73 per cent. Now Nirghin has set her sights on using orange peel SAP in experiments testing water filtration and oil removal from water. "I would also like to make large amounts of orange peel SAP and apply it to crops such as maize and wheat in poorer communities in South Africa," she added. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 Decoding the big ATM problem: India just doesn't have enough engineers for the job Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance TomTom launches fitness tracker and watch range in India More From Current Affairs Hotstar says does not provide any pornographic content Trade unions to meet FM tomorrow for pre-budget consultations Pb BSP chief directs workers to further galvanise party Dalai Lama's visit to Mongolia riles China We will take it match by match in Junior World Cup: Oltmans [ more ] Top Stories Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Home Ministry issues notification on banning Zakir Naik's NGO: Key takeaways SC rejects Centre's stand on reconsideration of judicial recommendations T N Ninan: Our post-truths [ more ] Markets Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower Vakrangee, Oil India, Engineers India, Infibeam Incorporation hit 52-week high Sugar shares in focus; Upper Ganges, Oudh Sugar up 20% UP hikes sugarcane price by Rs 25/quintal for 2016-17 crushing season [ more ] Companies GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs Mopeds gain speed, overtake scooters in growth Youngsters should pursue more research in maths: Narayana Murthy Bharat Forge acquires US-based Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 mn Pellet maker KIOCL to acquire 51% stake in Odisha PSU Idcol [ more ] Opinion Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate More headwinds ahead for Bajaj Finance [ more ] Latest News This weekend, banks will be open Saturday but closed Sunday Delhi HC directs states to form action plan to control air pollution Over 8,100 wilful defaulters owe Rs 76,685 cr to banks 15 rail projects facing hurdles over forest clearances GreenSignal Bio Pharma IPO runs into rough weather, no response from QIBs [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIKtXb Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 1 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 Teardown of Android Wear version 2.0 beta app reveals new Google account manager Justin Duino - 2 months ago @jaduino Android Android Wear android wear 2.0 View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit This week Google announced that it would be pushing back the official release of Android Wear 2.0, and also announced the release of the next beta preview build of Android Wear 2.0 for developers. Alongside this came an updated version of the companion Wear app for Android, and now a full teardown reveals some interesting things to come… The biggest item found in the teardown (via Android Police) is the addition of a Google account manager. One of the main new features in Developer Preview 3 is that Android Wear now has its own built-in Google Play Store, which makes it possible for users to download apps directly to their watches without a phone. To make this possible, though, Android Wear needs access to Google accounts directly on watches and this is where the account manager comes in. Google also made some adjustments to the settings menu. The first of which is the removal of the ‘Together‘ communication feature which was already announced to shut down on September 30. Google also removed the ability to turn on and off feature tutorials in Android Wear. Finally, the card preview option has been removed and the ‘Actions’ menu has been replaced by ‘Accounts’ which allows for the addition and removal of Google accounts on Wear devices. Lastly, after installing the Developer Preview 3 on one of their devices, Android Police noticed graphics that invited them to use Google Assistant, but this functionality was broken. When digging through the Android Wear app they did find code that would indicate that Google is currently testing Assistant on Wear. If you want to download the Android Wear APK you can grab it from APKMirror. Just remember, this beta build is meant to only be used with Developer Preview 3 and will most likely not work with current Android Wear devices. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Android Wear View THe Guide android wear 2.0 View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 1 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 Wikipedia’s Android app is the latest to switch from drawer to bottom bar navigation Abner Li - 2 months ago @technacity Apps & Updates Material Design Wikipedia View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Earlier this year, Google added bottom navigation bars to the Material Design spec. Top navigation tabs are still permitted, but apps like Google Photos and Google+ have prominently switched over to the new style. Wikipedia is now the latest to adopt these bottom navigation bars across its Android app… The Wikipedia Android app features two distinct bottom bars. On the main page, the bottom bar includes buttons to quickly jump between the Explore feed, reading lists, history, and nearby. Like most other Android apps, Wikipedia previously relied on a navigation drawer to switch between the main sections of the app. The Google Play Store reviews for this change are quite mixed. The bottom toolbar is inherently more associated with iOS apps and does not work too well with on-screen system navigation buttons. A common complaint is how these elements take up more space, though the bottom bar does auto-hides when scrolling. Personally, I prefer top navigation tabs, like the YouTube app or Twitter. Version 2.4 also fixes the dark theme in the main screen of the app and makes reading lists searchable. The update is now fully rolled out with the full changelog below: Access your favorite features more easily with bottom navigation: quickly jump between the Explore feed, your reading lists, your recently-viewed articles, and pages nearby you. When reading an article, the bottom toolbar now provides access to the most popular actions (save to reading list, share, change language, find in page, and table of contents). Reading lists and their contents are now searchable. Fixed dark theme in the main screen. Guides Material Design View THe Guide Wikipedia View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu ALT-MEANING Alt-right trolls are using these code words for racial slurs online Written by Nikhil Sonnad Obsession Language October 01, 2016 Less subtle symbolism. (Reuters/Chris Keane) Share Written by Nikhil Sonnad Obsession Language October 01, 2016 Online platforms have a hard time handling hate speech. Twitter, for example, has slowly—many would say too slowly—shifted from its hands-off approach toward policing derogatory tweets, culminating most recently in the banishment of Milo Yiannopoulos, a famously hateful tweeter. Even so, no censor can be absolute. This summer the triple-parentheses proliferated on Twitter and via a Google Chrome extension, propagated by the so-called “alt-right,” a group of online troublemakers whose extreme right-wing views often dip into outright white supremacy. A name surrounded by three parentheses on each side indicated that the person mentioned was Jewish. Because there is nothing obviously offensive about parentheses, neither to Twitter’s employees nor its algorithms, they are nearly impossible to remove systematically from the platform, in spite of their frequently anti-semitic use. Now a new type of hateful internet code appears to be emerging: The systematic use of innocuous words to stand in for offensive racial slurs. Search Twitter for “googles,” “skypes,” or “yahoos,” and you will encounter some shocking results, like this tweet: “If welfare state is a given it must go towards our own who needs. No Skypes, googles, or yahoos.” Or this one, reading “Chain the googles / Gas the yahoos.” What does this mean? Nothing good. In this lexicon, “googles” means the n-word; “skypes” means Jews; and “yahoos” means “spic.” The word “skittles” has come to refer to Muslims, an obvious reference to Donald Trump Jr.’s comparing of refugees with candy that “would kill you.” By all accounts the lexicon seems to have been conceived on 4chan—a message board famous for its trolls—as a response to an improved method for identifying pages and comments with offensive content and potentially removing or flagging them. The method was developed by Jigsaw, a technology “incubator” within Alphabet, Google’s parent company. The title of the 4chan post that seems to have started it all is “RIP alt-right trolls, SkyNet is coming for you.” The trolls responded with a loosely organized effort called “Operation Google,” which aims to get around these algorithms, and to trick them into blocking the names of their own services and companies. Hence the use of “google” to mean what is arguably the most offensive term of them all. For a fuller list, including coded anti-LGBT terms, click here. (Warning: It’s not pretty.) This list appeared on 4chan’s “Politically Incorrect” /pol/ board, and has been widely shared on Twitter and elsewhere, and similar terms can be found as well. Asked whether it would be doing anything to address this kind of indirect hate speech, Twitter responded by pointing to its policy on hateful conduct. Google declined to comment. The operation will not succeed in removing “google” from Google searches. The Jigsaw algorithm the trolls appear to be targeting is not even in use on Google search—thus far it is only being used to flag offensive comments on the New York Times website. Plus, the algorithm uses sophisticated machine learning techniques that will be able to identify, to a large degree, the sense in which a word is being used. It will know pretty well whether “google” is the name of a company or a racial slur, based on the context. What’s more, once a code like this is widely known, it becomes much easier for users of it to be shamed or disregarded by their peers. That’s what happened with Pepe the Frog, the de facto mascot of the alt-right, which has gone from an underground symbol of racism to an official “hate symbol,” as certified by the Anti-Defamation League (prompting the creator of the cartoon frog to disavow its use by the alt-right, and declare that he’ll vote for Hillary Clinton). And the triple parentheses were re-appropriated by Jews and the left as a symbol of solidarity, co-opting the original, racist meaning. Until that happens with this new lexicon, be on the lookout—there be trolls about. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Home Politics Business Sports Entertainment You are here »   Home »   ∷   World » Exclusive: EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected By Reuters Updated Saturday, October 1st 2016 at 22:20 GMT +3 Share this story:   Photo:(Courtesy) Exclusive EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's (GOOGL.O) Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. See Also: Britain to enshrine all EU rules in UK law after Brexit: ITV Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: "We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region." Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favoring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. GO TO PAGE 1 2 Next » Share this story: Related I want to be an MP come 2017- Actress Nyasuguta Singer Eunice Njeri and Izzo hold pre-wedding Kenya vows to win over Tanzania into backing EU trade deal EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers World Mozambique death toll rises to 73 after fuel truck explodes -government UN says working for Yemen peace talks after Kerry's plan Can Trump make coal great again? At least some companies think so Trump may discuss U.S. secretary of state job with critic Romney: source Turkish police detain 73 academics in Gulen-related probe - state media More Stories » Popular Stories Akaunti za benki zilizotumika kupokea fedha za NYS zadhibitiwa Washindwa kutengana baada ya kujamiana Josephine Kabura awakasirisha wabunge kwa kutojibu maswali ifaavyo Watatu wauliwa Narok IEBC yatoa orodha ya wagombezi watano Viongozi watofautiana kuhusu idadi ya waliofariki kutokana na makali ya njaa Ruto awasuta wanaoingiza siasa kwenye masuala ya usalama Mmiliki wa jengo Kisii kushtakiwa Michael Joseph ndiye mwenyekiti wa bodi ya KQ Magavana wakana kutoa matamshi ya uchochezi News Kenya Politics Business World Sports Opinion Magazines Special Reports The Nairobian Sports Athletics Football Rugby Volleyball Cricket Boxing Entertainment Entertainment News Celebs Events Video Reviews Spiritual Gallery SDE Games Standard Digital is a product of The Standard Group Limited Go to Full Site
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Google prepares to reject EU monopoly charges The company has been embroiled in a long-running battle with Brussels Credit: Bloomberg James Titcomb 1 October 2016 • 9:00pm Google will this month reject EU claims that it is abusing its dominance in search engines and mobile phones, raising the stakes in a long-running battle with Brussels that could trigger a fine running into billions of dollars for the internet giant. The company is preparing to respond within weeks to three separate charges of EU competition rule breaches in its online shopping service, Android smartphone software and advertising business. Google’s counter is the latest salvo in the European Commissions’s six-year investigation into the company. It comes at a critical point as tensions simmer between the US and Brussels. In August, the Commission said Apple should pay billions in unpaid taxes to the Irish state, provoking fury from Washington, while the US Department of Justice has recently demanded that Deutsche Bank pay a $14bn (£11bn) mis-selling fine. Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition commissioner Credit: EPA A response from Google to all three of the charges could now come as early as mid October after the company recently requested that the EU extend legal deadlines to answer the charges. The Commission confirmed that it had given the company extra time to answer. Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition commissioner, hit Google with formal antitrust charges last year, claiming it exploits the monopoly enjoyed by its web search engine to prioritise its own price comparison shopping service. She followed that with two more charges this year, claiming that the company uses its Android software’s overwhelming share of the smartphone market to force its other services onto smartphones and that it restricted competitors to its AdSense for Search advertising service by signing exclusivity agreements with websites. The Commission has the power to fine Google up to 10pc of its annual revenues if it finds it guilty of anti-competitive practices, which could mean a penalty of up to $7.5bn (£5.8bn). This would eclipse the biggest fine to date, the €1.1bn (£950m) the Commission levied on Intel in 2009. The history of Google Play! 02:31 While a response is expected in mid-to-late October, it could be delayed further as Google puts the finishing touches to its answers. The company may still offer concessions in a last-ditch attempt to seek a deal with the Commission that would lead to a reduced fine, but after several failed attempts in the past, the prospect of a truce appears unlikely. Both sides are now believed to be prepared for a long-running battle, and any EU fine may be appealed at the European Court of Justice, a process that could take years and extend beyond Ms Vestager’s 2019 term. The Commission’s combative stance has irritated the US government, which cleared Google of any search bias after its own investigation in 2013. Barack Obama has accused the EU of attempting to protect its own companies by reining in Silicon Valley giants. When it responds, Google is likely to argue that it needs to place restrictions on Android to ensure the consistency of the software and that many price comparison services have benefited, not suffered, from the search engine. A Commission spokesman confirmed that Google’s deadlines for responding had been extended. It now has until October  13 to respond to the charge related to online shopping, October 26 for advertising and October 31 for the Android claim. Google did not comment. Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Android Google Internet European Union Show more Technology latest 18 Nov 2016, 1:14pm Apple considers making iPhones in America, reports claim 18 Nov 2016, 1:07pm Three Mobile under fire for failing to alert customers to data breach 18 Nov 2016, 12:10pm Three Mobile hack: how to protect yourself if you've been affected  18 Nov 2016, 11:08am Comment: Three data breach: It’s only a matter of time until we are all hacked, so let's learn to live with it James Titcomb Premium 17 Nov 2016, 5:45pm Humans 'will bully robot cars', Mercedes chief warns 17 Nov 2016, 4:58pm Samsung and Apple's grip on smartphone market slips to less than one in three sales 01:15 17 Nov 2016, 3:18pm Holidays, gadgets or fashion: Which have the biggest Black Friday discounts? 17 Nov 2016, 2:01pm What is Amazon Prime Video and how can I watch The Grand Tour? 01:32 17 Nov 2016, 11:39am Sea Hero Quest mobile game helps dementia diagnosis breakthrough 17 Nov 2016, 10:26am Russia orders internet providers to block LinkedIn 17 Nov 2016, 10:00am £4 USB device can hack a locked computer in under a minute 17 Nov 2016, 7:00am This folding paper bike helmet for cycle share schemes could save lives 17 Nov 2016, 5:04am Watchdog seeks broadband advertising changes to ensure speed expectations met 16 Nov 2016, 7:35pm Pokémon Sun and Moon review - A vibrant and delightful new take on the famous pocket monsters 4 16 Nov 2016, 5:26pm Comment: Snapchat isn't worth $25bn - but that won't stop the technorati making it so James Quinn Premium 16 Nov 2016, 4:14pm Comment: Sex site hackers can never crack the mysteries of the human psyche Zoe Strimpel Premium Gallery 16 Nov 2016, 1:13pm Gallery: The bestselling video game consoles of all time 16 Nov 2016, 12:25pm Comment: The AdultFriendFinder hack shows there are no real secrets online James Titcomb Premium 16 Nov 2016, 11:11am Cheap Android phones send owners' text messages and location data to China 16 Nov 2016, 10:20am Comment: AdultFriendFinder sex hack: We can't stop cheating - accept it Rebecca Reid Premium 15 Nov 2016, 7:55pm Google to create 3,000 more UK jobs in major boost for London technology scene If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Skip to main content API News News & Analysis Google Releases Final Version Of Android Studio 2.2 Google Finalizes Android N APIs and SDK All News & Analysis How-To Getting Started with LocationKit for iOS and Android All How-To Most Recent How to Access the Tickspot API with cURL Twilio Launches Voice Insights API to Monitor WebRTC Performance Google Releases Final Version Of Android Studio 2.2 How to Mashup The Slackbot API with Maps and a Craiglist Scraper Using Python All Recent News Stay Api Directory API Directory Featured APIs Facebook Yahoo Weather Google Maps AccuWeather Weather Channel Wikipedia OpenStreetMap Instagram Add an API All APIs (15,985) Popular Categories Weather Mapping Mobile Transportation Social All API Categories (15,924) Filter By Category By Protocol Most Recent Other Directories SDKs SAMPLE SOURCE CODE LIBRARIES FRAMEWORKS MASHUPS Featured SDKs Fabric Twitter Kit for iOS Tweetinvi Twitch SDK Virtuix Omni Add an SDK All SDKs (5,273) Filter By API By Category By Platform Most Recent Featured Sample Source Code AccuWeather API Location API Code Samples JavaScript Yahoo Weather API JavaScript Source Code Facebook API Timeline Post- PHP Source Code Google Maps API JavaScript Get Local Search Results from Google Source Code Add a Sample Source Code All Sample Source Code (2,723) Filter By API By Category By Platform Most Recent Featured Libraries Google Maps .NET Library by Eric Newton Twitter Node.js Library by René Raab Instagram Django Library by Boris Shifrin Twilio C# Library by Twilio Add a Library All Libraries (1,687) Filter By API By Category By Platform Most Recent Featured Frameworks AngularJS Express Meteor JavaScript Framework Facebook React Native Framework by Facebook Django Python Framework Add a Framework All Frameworks (431) Filter By API By Category By Platform Most Recent Featured Mashups MarineTraffic.com: Live Ships Map Picbi AllFlicks Shimmer Triporia Hotel Search Nostalgia Add a Mashup All Mashups (7,828) Filter By API By Category Most Recent Stay Become member Login Become member Login search ProgrammableWeb Api News Api Directory s RSS Share User Api News Api Directory Learn about APIs What is an API ? Add Your Api ADD APIs & MORE API SDK Sample Source Code Library Framework App or Mashup Rss Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn search Become member Login Become member Login ProgrammableWeb Learn about APIs What is an API ? Api News Api Directory API Research WEATHER MAPPING Add Api API SDK Sample Source Code Library Framework App or Mashup ADD APIs & MORE API SDK Sample Source Code Library Framework App or Mashup Rss Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Rss Icons Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn User search   Google Releases Google My Business API v3.1 Brief, Business, API Strategy Sep. 29 2016 By Eric Carter, ProgrammableWeb Staff Google has announced the availability of the Google My Business API v3.1. Significant additions to the new version include push notifications of new listings and new reviews. The push notifications are triggered in real-time and businesses have the ability to manage such changes in real-time via a dashboard. Businesses can actively manage status changes, data updates, and incoming reviews as desired through dashboard adjustments. In addition to the push notifications, other features of v3.1 include a maps URL (allows for simple navigation to Google Maps in a location response), added location states (provides more specified understanding of actions required on a specific location), and a new category service (enables developers to retrieve updated list of Google My Business supported categories by country and language).  Google also mentioned additional features that will soon be added to v3.1 including menu URLs and payment methods for specific establishments. The menu feature should remedy an oft-complained about problem that out of date menu URLs were providing bad data as third parties were unable to update menu links. These soon to come features will be the first attributes outside the basic yes/no attributes traditionally collected through the API. For a detailed explanation of the updates, visit the Google blog post announcement. Google has provided full documentation for the new release in the API docs. v2 of the Google My Business API will be supported until December 5, 2016, but the company continues to encourage developers to transition immediately. The full deprecation schedule can be found here. Those with questions or feedback can reach the API team at the Google My Business API Forum.   About the author: Eric Carter Eric the founder of Dartsand and Corporate Counsel for a specialty technology distributor. He is a frequent contributor to technology media outlets and also serves as primary legal counsel for multiple startups in the Real Estate, Virtual Assistant, and Software Development Industries. Follow me on Google+ Why and How Every Organization With APIs Must React Immediately to the Yahoo! Breach Relink's Goodwin API Provides Access to Key Hiring Information for Specialized Job Roles Promoted Related Content eBay Launches New Buy and Sell APIs Sales Eric Carter How to Manage the Risk of Losing API Access API Strategy Mark Boyd Intuit’s QuickBooks Connect Conference Spotlights Small Business Opportunity for Devs Business Intuit Developer Group Related APIs:Google My Business Related Companies:Google Find out more about...Business, API Strategy Comments Comment * Leave this field blank Post Comment Today in APIsLatest news about the API economy and newest APIs, delivered daily: Subscribe Leave this field blank API University FOR API PROVIDERS What Are APIs and How Do They Work?8 Real World API Strategies and the Keys to Their SuccessHow To Find a Rockstar API Product Manager More for API Providers  › FOR DEVELOPERS How To Implement Deep Linking in iOSHow To Get Started With Twitter's FabricHow To Develop An Android Wear App More for Developers  › Advertisement   Additional Resources API Growth Charts, Industry Research & More Developer How-to's & Live Presentations Meet The Editors David Berlind Editor in Chief @dberlind Articles Wendell Santos Editor wendell78 Articles Advertisement     Directories & Listings API Directory Mashups and Applications SDKs & Libraries How To's, Source Code Resources About ProgrammableWeb Advertise FAQ Contributed Content Guidelines Get Paid to Write for ProgrammableWeb Contact Us Business & Legal Site Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Rss Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Google Policy & Law Tech The EU is considering major fines for Google over alleged Android antitrust violations New, 65 comments by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Oct 1, 2016, 3:51pm EDT share tweet Linkedin European antitrust regulators are set to order Google’s parent company Alphabet to stop incentivizing Android phone makers to preinstall Google search on their phones, according to Reuters. They are are also considering imposing a substantial fine on the company. Last year, European Union regulators lodged a formal antitrust complaint against Google for how the company prominently installed search and other proprietary apps on Android phones. Reuters cited a document that was sent to the company earlier this year, which listed off the specific concerns that regulators had, and which also states that regulators intend "to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence." This appears to be separate from massive fines that the EU is reportedly imposing on the company for monopolistic practices when it comes to search, which could go as high as €3.3 billion Euros. Source: Reuters More From The Verge Sand's End Facebook won’t call itself a media company. Here’s how it can still support journalism Trump’s chief strategist Steve Bannon suggests having too many Asian tech CEOs undermines ‘civic society’ Facebook's Like button is a built-in filter bubble Your life will be a video game Supported By Consider the PS4 Pro before you buy that expensive gaming PC Now Trending Microsoft Surface Studio review: a beautiful invader of Apple's base Sand's End This Article has a component height of 3. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Poll Tech First Click Poll: Is this the holiday you finally buy that drone? by Thomas Ricker@Trixxy I really want a drone. Every Christmas since I was a kid has been highlighted by some kind of remote controlled vehicle. I’ve had countless RC cars, of course; tanks, boats, and lots and lots of remote-controlled helicopters. The quality has... New, 1 comment Circuit Breaker Science Tech Researchers send text message using chemicals by James Vincent@jjvincent We take it for granted that modern communication systems — everything from smartphones to the internet — use electronics to send and receive messages, but what if that weren’t the case? A group of researchers from Stanford are exploring an... New, 0 comments US & World Entertainment Politics Kanye West: America is a racist country and I would have voted Trump by James Vincent@jjvincent At a concert in San Jose during his Saint Pablo tour, Kanye West opened up about the 2016 election in typical style. According to videos and tweets from the night, West told fans —in no particular order — that if he'd voted he would have voted for... New, 23 comments Microsoft Gaming Tech Microsoft cuts top Xbox One games by 40% in Black Friday deals by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is unveiling its Black Friday deals for the Xbox One today. New Xbox One games like Battlefield 1, FIFA 17, Titanfall 2, and even Overwatch are all being discounted by up to 40 percent. Battlefield is available for $40.19 until November... New, 0 comments US & World Tech Cybersecurity UK hackers use customer mobile data to steal their upgrade phones by James Vincent@jjvincent Hackers have accessed a database of customer information belonging to one of the UK’s biggest mobile carriers, Three. According to a report from The Telegraph, the company said the database included names, phone numbers, addresses, and dates of... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker Tech This Panasonic megaphone automatically translates commands into multiple languages by Sam Byford@345triangle Japanese businesses are finding they need to deal with increasing numbers of foreign visitors to Japan, and Panasonic thinks it has the answer: a megaphone that translates the user’s voices into multiple languages. The Megahonyaku, which is a... New, 4 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Exclusive: EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected By Foo Yun Chee1 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share A Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin, August 11, 2015. REUTERS/Pawel Kopczynski/FilesMore By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's <GOOGL.O> Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: "We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region." Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favoring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Robin Pomeroy) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Soon, an app to locate the nearest toilet in Delhi-NCR The Hindu Populism is a big challenge in Europe: Jyrki Katainen moneycontrol.com Set up panel to check sex tests, SC tells Centre Deccan Herald Google will tell you where to take a dump when nature comes calling Gizmodo Google will face tough regulatory policies under President-elect Donald Trump – Tech2 Tech2 Cricket: Ashwin puts India on top in 2nd England Test AFP Take your pick: Saha's run out vs Dhoni's run out Yahoo! Cricket Little known facts about Balasaheb Thackeray Yahoo India News LOL! Lopamudra caught Om Swami naked in Bigg Boss 10 house India Newzstreet Media Friday Flashback: "Wouldn't marry Anil Kapoor, he is hypersensitive": Madhuri's 1989 Interview is entertaining! PinkVilla.com Yahoo Review: Force 2 Movies with Rummana Lost faith in humanity? Rejoice, Stephen Hawking says we're doomed Mashable Tech Salman and Parineeti shake it off at Sania Mirza’s sisters’s sangeet India Newzstreet Media Boney Kapoor Finally Speaks Up On Daughter Jhanvi’s Debut Film! Business of Cinema Disaster Strikes Comedy Nights Bachao, Viewership Drops By 22%. Did Kareena, Akshay, Hrithik & John Dig Its Grave? Spotboye 14-year-old London schoolgirl wins bid to be cryogenically frozen so she can live again International Business Times Bareilly's Prabodh Sinha wants to donate kidney to Sushma Swaraj for free India Newzstreet Media Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat 'attacked with tear gas and beaten' in Paris weeks after Kardashian heist The Telegraph Trump, Abe meeting strengthen bilateral ties between two countries India Newzstreet Media Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
null
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor This Controversial Commodity Could Be Worth 5X More Than Gold Home | Companies Tags: europe | google | android | fines EU Wants Google to Stop Anti-Competitive Android Practices, Fine Expected (AP Photo/Paul Sakuma, File) Saturday, 01 Oct 2016 01:55 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A      EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals.   The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search.   The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android.   Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters.   The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013.   Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said.   "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said.   The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements.   Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google which has previously denied any wrongdoing, did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Separately, the Commission is investigating whether Google favors its own shopping service over those of rivals, and could also fine it in that case.   Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google.   The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click.   © 2016 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. europe, google, android, fines 400 Saturday, 01 Oct 2016 01:55 PM 2016-55-01 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Janus' Gross Says Trump Will be One-termer, in Failure for Populism Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 33 comments Stick to Wall street manipulation Mr Gross. You know nothing about what... Gallup: Economic Confidence Surges After Trump Beats Hillary for White House Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 28 comments What the numbers tell us is, that democrats simply cannot comprehend the... Larry Summers: Trump's Economic Plan Is 'Ill-Designed' And Harmful Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 15 comments Why are so many of the architects of the failed economic and fiscal... Trump Eyes Oil Billionaire, Lawmaker for Energy Secretary Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 16 comments He should consider instead simply eliminating Energy and Interior [which... Trump Fulfilling A Campaign Promise Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 12 comments Sorry, but we Americans have a lot more to deal and worry about right now,... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Twitter Takeover: Google Might Find The Perfect Nest For Twitter Right On The YouTube Platform 1 October 2016, 10:47 am EDT By Marty Baes Tech Times Computer Technology - How Laptops, Personal Computers And Tablets Are Changing The WorldNow Playing Twitter - What You Should KnowNow Playing Google - Five Fascinating Facts About The Search GiantNow Playing Top 5 Technology Acquisitions Of 2016Now Playing Google is planning to take over Twitter to further boost its YouTube platform. This effort is believed to be a good solution to resolve YouTube's existing site issues.  ( Bethany Clarke | Getty Images ) Advertisement The Twitter takeover is currently a popular topic among tech experts since companies like Salesforce, Microsoft, Verizon and even Disney have recently shown their interest toward the social media entity. Google is also believed to place its own bid now that Twitter seems to be a perfect nest for its YouTube platform.  A lot of tech experts agree that out of the companies vying to acquire Twitter, Google proves to be the one who is in great need for it and combining the existing resources that both platforms have will lead to a very remarkable result. A Tech Crunch report noted that Google's YouTube platform is quite popular, comes with a very updated set of content and very ad-friendly but doesn't have a short form. Twitter, on the other hand, comes in short form, conveniently generates a lot of update content but having a hard time achieving a remarkable growth as well as struggling with monetization. Given such, the result of the Twitter takeover will most likely be more remarkable if Google will be acquiring Twitter with the social media platform possibly boosting YouTube's potential to a whole new level. But aside from Google, Salesforce is also regarded as an avid suitor of Twitter. In fact, it was reported in CNBC that Salesforce is one of the companies rumored to offer Twitter a formal bid. The truthfulness of these rumors was further established after Vala Afshar, who is the current chief digital evangelist for Salesforce, voiced out his own personal views of the Twitter takeover. It can be remembered that Afshar once tweeted a question, "Why @twitter?", along with the answers "personal training network, the best realtime, context rich news, democratize intelligence and great place to promote others." With this tweet, it can be said that Salesforce, just like Google, is quite interested in the tons of data that Twitter is generating. Apart from the two large companies, it was also reported that Disney is having some talks regarding its intention to acquire Twitter. The same report discussed that this move can greatly benefit Disney since the company is in great need of a social media platform that it can use to boost its reach especially for some of its properties like ABC and ESPN. Given all of the said intentions from these top companies, Twitter seems to have been benefiting from the trend although no formal bids have been sent out. The price of Twitter's entire shares has recently increased from about $13 billion last Thursday to more than $20 billion this week. TAG Google, SalesForce, Disney, Twitter, Youtube © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles The Best Apps To Help You Be Productive And Organized This Fall Tinder Boost: Here's How To Get More Profile Views On Tinder (For A Price, Of Course) Spotify Launches Daily Mix To Make Sure You Get Personalized Playlists You Like To Listen To Apple Music Will Continue Streaming Exclusives, Introducing New Spotify Style Algorithm Based Playlists Incorporating iTunes Listening Data From Our Sponsor Five Reasons You Should Buy An iPhone 6s And Not iPhone 7 The iPhone 7 has hit the stores but iPhone 6s still makes a compelling buy. Here's why. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 2 Space 1000 Years: The Time Humans Have, Says Stephen Hawking, To Find Another Planet Or Face Mass Extinction 3 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 5 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Announces Magenta Friday Sale Before Black Friday: Two Free Lines For A Family Of Four 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
  Home International Entertainment Movie Reviews Soap Masala Bollywood Sports Punjab Link News Top News Lead Story Auto Link Fiji News Business South Asian Link News Health Calender South Asian Views Editorial Commentary Link Feautre Link Columnist Opinion Crime Saligirah Mubarak Education Link VIP'S Contact Us Saturday, October 1st, 2016 | Posted by admin Google Unveils Products Designed To Target Offline India On It’s 18th Anniversary NEW DELHI – Betting big on the ‘Next Billion Users’, search giant Google on Monday announced five new products, specifically tailored for users in the world’s second-largest Internet market. So there’s YouTube Go, a new app, which will function even when there is poor connectivity or none at all; the Google Assistant in Hindi inside messaging app Allo; Google Station, a platform to roll-out Wi-Fi hot spots in places frequented by a large number of people, such as malls, cafes and universities; data-saving features in its Chrome mobile browser; and faster browsing for Google Play on 2G connections. While Allo with the English-language based Google Assistant was launched a week back, the other features will be launched soon, the company said. The internet giant has outlined three areas on which the company was working to provide connectivity — access (connecting people to the internet), platforms (letting people and developers share and build upon the internet), and products (providing better and more relevant Google experiences for Indians). Our goal has not just been to help more Indians get online — but also to help Indians create the online experience they want; one that serves their needs and enables them to have an impact on the entire world. We have been thinking about how to build products and services for this wave of new users — products that work for any level of connectivity, in local Indian languages, and across the devices that are most frequently used in India,” said Ceaser Sengupta, who heads Google’s Next Billion Users initiative. Google has already partnered with RailTel to provide free wi-fi across rail stations. Project RailWire currently provides free wi-fi in 40 stations in the country, catering to 3.5 million monthly users. The target is 400 stations by 2017. “Every three seconds an Indian is going online for the first time and the Station initiative is targeted at helping more users go online,” Sengupta said. He also announced fast browsing in Google Play for people on 2G and other low-bandwidth connections. Fast browsing uses pre-loading on Wi-Fi to load the most popular parts of Google Play quickly. When an user on a low-bandwidth connection chooses to install an app, Google Play will offer a new “Wait for Wi-Fi” option, where the app will only install when the phone connects nest time to the wi-fi. On YouTube Go, Johanna Wright, YouTube vice-president for product management, said: “YouTube Go was designed and built from the ground up with insights from India, in order to bring the power of video to mobile users in a way that is more conscious of their data and connectivity, while still being locally relevant and social.” “YouTube Go allows users to save and watch videos smoothly even in poor connectivity, and also gives them transparency and control over how much data they consume on videos, allowing them to preview videos first and choose the video’s file size before they save it offline to watch later. They can also share videos easily with friends and family nearby, without using any data at all.” Comments are closed Most Recent Opinions Posts Filming Wraps On Writer-Director R. Paul Dhillon’s Romantic Comedy The Fusion Generation Writer-Director R. Paul Dhillon’s Documentary Moe Sihota: Feared And Desired To Be Shown At Vancouver International South Asian Film Festival Trump Election Elicits Fears, Some Cheers Around The Globe NYPD Allows Sikh Officers To Wear Beards NRI Tycoon’s Retail Giant Lulu Launches Operations In The US Minister’s Visit! Home Contact Us RSS Link Directory © 2016 Link Newspaper. All Rights Reserved . Log in - Webite "designed" by Shiftonline.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics October 1, 2016 12:14 pm Updated: October 1, 2016 12:15 pm Google to be ordered by EU to stop anti-competitive Android practices By Foo Yun Chee Reuters ; This shows a sign outside Google headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen BRUSSELS – EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet’s Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google‘s Play Store with Google Search. WATCH: Does your phone help build Google’s traffic maps? Story continues below The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. READ MORE: Donald Trump accuses Google of suppressing negative news about Hillary Clinton Google “cannot punish or threaten” companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission’s investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. “The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence,” it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob’s in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google which has previously denied any wrongdoing, did not immediately reply to a request for comment. WATCH: Google supercomputer defeats human world champion at Go Separately, the Commission is investigating whether Google favors its own shopping service over those of rivals, and could also fine it in that case. READ MORE: Twitter moves closer to sale, reportedly in talks with Google and Salesforce Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google‘s operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. © 2016 Thomson Reuters Report an error Alphabet Alphabet's Google Android Phones EU European union FairSearch Google Google European Union Google Search Google's Play Store Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Jon Stewart slams 'hypocrisy' of labeling all Donald Trump voters racist 9147 Earth on track to heat up to devastating levels by 2100, scientists say 7883 WATCH: Polar bear seen petting sled dog near Churchill, Manitoba 7577 Father sentenced to 40 years in jail for killing his daughter’s sexual abuser 6536 1 dead, 6 injured at toddler’s birthday party in Dyersburg, Tennessee: reports 4764 Sponsored content Popular Videos Mystery shopping texts sent to Canadians turn out to be scam WATCH NOW Man dies after falling into acidic hot spring in Yellowstone National Park WATCH NOW MPs Michelle Rempel and Elizabeth May argue over the use of the word ‘fart’ in House of Commons WATCH NOW Love and loss, a Saskatoon couple shares their NICU story WATCH NOW Jon Gosselin says Kate Gosselin ‘won’t tell’ where their son Collin is WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV October 1 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 This week’s top stories: What to expect at Google’s Oct. 4 event, Pixel renders, Google Home, & much more Jordan Kahn - 2 months ago @JordanKahn Google Corporate View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit In this week’s top stories: What to except at Google’s October 4 event next week, the latest official-looking Pixel and Pixel XL renders, Google Home news, and much more. We kick things off with the latest renders of Google’s upcoming Pixel and Pixel XL Android smartphones, and we give you our breakdown of everything we expect to see at Google’s event next week in addition to the new phones. We move onto some Google Home news including references to a new Google Home app. And we discover Google is testing its Andromeda Chrome OS/Android hybrid on the HTC-made Nexus 9. Google’s new Allo app passes 1 million downloads, and Samsung’s Galaxy Note 7 replacements continue to experience some overheating and battery issues. These and the rest of this week’s top stories below: Google Pixel and Pixel XL | Here’s everything we expect to see at Google’s October 4th event Here’s how the Pixel and Pixel XL compare in size to the Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X… These last-minute renders make the Pixel and Pixel XL look super attractive [Gallery] Here’s the first official looking render of the Google Pixel Here are the (ridiculous and amazing) color names for Google’s upcoming Pixel and Pixel XL phones Android | Google is testing its Andromeda Chrome OS/Android hybrid on the HTC-made Nexus 9 Exclusive: Google plans to launch Andromeda on a ‘Nexus’ Huawei tablet, ‘Pixel’ laptop Some replacement Galaxy Note 7s still overheating as Samsung washing machines start exploding Users report that replacement Note 7s are still having battery issues, just not explosive ones Here’s Sony’s roadmap for Xperia devices getting Android 7.0 Nougat Xiaomi launches Mi 5s/Plus as low-cost alternative to iPhone 7/Plus, China-only for now Huawei Mate 9 leak reveals dual-cameras, 6GB RAM, 256GB storage, sub-$500 price Multiple Android Wear smartwatches are not pairing with the iPhone 7 Apps | Here are eight useful tips and tricks for Google’s new Allo messaging app ‘Google Home app’ reference appears in most recent Chromecast Preview Google Home will be compatible with Samsung’s SmartThings platform at launch ‘Ungoogled’ is the Chrome browser you love minus the Google Google Allo passes 1 million downloads on the Google Play Store Google’s Waze Rider carpooling service live in San Francisco, significantly cheaper than Uber/Lyft Chrome | Acer Chromebook R13 goes up for pre-order starting at $399 Long-rumored Android-Chrome OS merge might be mentioned at Google’s October 4 event This week’s top videos | Lenovo is bringing back Motorola’s historic ‘Hello Moto’ as part of its new boot animation [Video] Xiaomi’s Android TV-powered Mi Box gets an early unboxing [Video] Action Launcher 3 now has Pixel Launcher’s application shortcut feature [Video] Subscribe to get all 9to5Google’s stories delivered to your inbox daily. And to 9to5Toys for the best deals from around the web. blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Oct 02, 2016 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp World Business Quick Take Agencies SOCIAL MEDIA Google seeks Twitter advice Google is working with a financial adviser to consider a potential bid for Twitter Inc, as the social-media company continues to explore a sale, according to a person familiar with the arrangement. In tapping Lazard Ltd, Google has not indicated that it will definitely make an offer for Twitter, but the move suggests that Google is evaluating the option, pitting the search giant against other potential bidders, including Walt Disney Co. SOFTWARE IBM eyes AI in finances IBM Corp wants to use “artificial intelligence” (AI) technology to automate parts of the finance industry’s regulatory-compliance effort. With its acquisition of Promontory Financial Group, announced on Thursday, IBM gains the banking industry’s most prominent regulatory consultant. The Armonk, New York-based technology giant said it would use Promontory’s 600 employees to bolster its AI program, known as Watson. LIGHTING Philips mulls division sale Royal Philips NV is in talks to sell its Lumileds lighting-components division to Apollo Global Management LLC after scrapping a plan to sell the business for US$2.8 billion earlier this year amid regulatory concerns, people with knowledge of the matter said. Apollo is the likeliest buyer after other private-equity firms dropped out of talks, the people said. The Amsterdam-based company is aiming to reach a deal by the end this month, but talks could still fall apart, one of the people said. SMARTPHONES Apple in talks with Sharp Apple Inc is in negotiations with Sharp Corp to secure organic LED displays for the iPhone maker’s next-generation of devices, a person familiar with the matter said. Any OLED supply agreement would depend on the Osaka-based company’s output capacity, the person said. The discussions stem from Apple’s desire to increase the number of suppliers for OLED screens, the person said. Earlier on Friday, Sharp announced it would invest ￥57.4 billion (US$566 million) for the development of OLED production facilities. ENERGY Abengoa posts net loss Spain’s debt-laden energy giant Abengoa SA on Friday posted a 3.7 billion euro (US$4.2 billion) net loss in the first half of this year. A “general slowdown in business” contributed to the result, the Seville-based group said in a statement. In comparison, the group reported a 72 million euro profit during the first six months of last year. Abengoa last year said that it was filing for preliminary protection from creditors following years of expansion worldwide. AUTOMAKERS VW seeks damages deal Volkswagen AG (VW) is asking a judge to approve its US$1.2 billion agreement with its US dealerships for damages caused by its emissions-cheating scandal. The proposed settlement increases the amount VW is to pay to resolve US lawsuits over its emissions-cheating vehicles to US$16.5 billion, according to settlement documents filed on Friday in San Francisco federal court. VW is offering to buy back vehicles from its 652 dealerships under the same terms as those given consumers, the filing said. This story has been viewed 1525 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-11 to 2016-11-18 Most read Most e-mailed 1 US ELECTION: Taiwanese experts weigh in on Trump 2 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 3 Art exhibition listings 4 Events and entertainment listings 5 US ELECTION: Trump adviser met Tsai: David Lee MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 4 China blocks NGO chairman from UN 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The EU is threatening to fine Google for violating antitrust regulations Foo Yun Chee, Reuters Oct. 1, 2016, 6:28 PM 3,560 facebook linkedin twitter email print Google CEO Sundar Pichai. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google which has previously denied any wrongdoing, did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Separately, the Commission is investigating whether Google favors its own shopping service over those of rivals, and could also fine it in that case. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival SEE ALSO: Google might release a new laptop and tablet that run on a completely new operating system NOW WATCH: Columbia law professor argues that 'privacy has been privatized' Loading video... More: Reuters Google Anti-trust European Union facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The EU is threatening to fine Google for violating antitrust regulations The EU is threatening to fine Google for violating antitrust regulations EU antitrust regulators plan to order... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 68 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Twitter shares up on Google's reported interest in bid Google it talking with Lazard Ltd to explore a Twitter purchase, Bloomberg reports. Post to Facebook Twitter shares up on Google's reported interest in bid Google it talking with Lazard Ltd to explore a Twitter purchase, Bloomberg reports.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2dLYl0e {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Twitter shares up on Google's reported interest in bid Elizabeth Weise , USATODAY 9:36 a.m. EDT October 3, 2016 Twitter's San Francisco headquarters (Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images) SAN FRANCISCO – Google is talking with Lazard Ltd to explore a possible Twitter purchase, Bloomberg reports. The company reached out to San Francisco-based financial advisors Lazard Ltd. to aid in a potential deal, the news service reported Friday. Twitter (TWTR) was up 4% to $23.99 in early trading Monday. The purchase could unlock a trove of data for Alphabet's Google, data that it has been walled off from with the rise of Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat. The company already partners with Twitter to include tweets in search results. It has also included Twitter in its DoubleClick advertising service. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani joined Twitter's board as executive chairman last year. Twitter declined to comment on the rumor. Google did not respond immediately to a request for comment. Twitter had previously hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to aid it as it explores potential deals, according to reports. A pioneer in social media, Twitter has stagnated and experienced severe management turmoil recently. Rivals such as Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger and Snapchat have outpaced it in the past few years. Contributing: Jessica Guynn 68 CONNECTTWEET 5 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dLYl0e
Fri 18 Nov 2016 | 9:06 EST You are here: Home > News > Business > Article Home News Top News Business Canada Sports Entertainment Technology World Indices Canadian Rates Products & Services Support About Thomson Reuters Exclusive: EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected Sat Oct 1, 2016 2:23pm EDT   Email This Article | Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter | Print This Article | Single Page [-] Text [+] By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS (Reuters) - EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's (GOOGL.O: Quote) Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said.   Continued... View article on single page   More news Canada October annual inflation up; food down for first time since 2000 Canada stock futures flat ahead of inflation data Kirkland Lake urges shareholders to vote for Newmarket acquisition OPEC moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer More... ca.reuters.com:  Help & Info |  Contact Us Thomson Reuters Corporate:  Copyright |  Disclaimer |  Privacy Policy |  Careers   International Editions : Africa  |  Arabic  |  Argentina  |  Brazil  |  Canada  |  China  |  France  |  Germany  |  India  |  Italy  |  Japan  |  Latin America  |  Mexico  |  Russia  |  Spain  |  United Kingdom  |  United States   Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.


Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 43-58 We set you thinking Friday 18 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World U.N. expert questions legality of 'brutal' mass evictions in Nigeria 1479401065 World East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district 1479400471 World EU chair Slovakia presses eastern states' migration agenda, stirs anger 1479399632 Business JPMorgan to pay $264 million to resolve hiring allegations: SEC 1479400023 Business Japan's Universal Entertainment loses defamation appeal against Reuters 1479399994 Business PSA, Renault, VW lead European car sales decline 1479366203 World Philippines' Duterte says may follow Russia's withdrawal from 'useless' ICC 1479367456 World Ecuador says Sweden should promise Assange will not be extradited 1479399843 Business Singdollar rises to 3.1057 ringgit 1479361860 World Strikes on rebel-held east Aleppo kill 25: monitor 1479398855 World About 100 migrants feared dead in Mediterranean: aid group 1479398670 World Philippine delegate: waiting for instructions after Duterte's threat to quit ICC 1479398780 World Russia hopes for Trump new approach to Syria crisis: agencies 1479398613 World Serbian military to check arms depot security after guns disappear 1479399271 World U.N. watchdog says Iran is endangering support for nuclear deal 1479397675 World Greeks march to mark 1973 student revolt, protest against austerity 1479396317 World EU states agree visa-free travel for Ukraine, but not yet 1479398568 Business U.S. unveils criminal charges in Valeant probe: prosecutors 1479394007 Business AOL to cut 500 jobs, mostly in corporate units: source 1479398333 Business Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' 1479399069 Business Falling food prices, warm weather hurt Wal-Mart sales 1479398555 Business Oil rises on optimism over OPEC deal; stronger dollar caps gains 1479398999 Singapore The low-down on rising medical costs 1479398173 World Train to Peru's Machu Picchu suspends service due to threat of protest 1479397496 Business McDonald's investor renews push for antibiotic reduction in all meat 1479397242 Singapore NKF on solid ground, but needs more donors in a hurry: Analysts 1479397878 Business Ford cuts 2017 profit forecast for credit arm 1479397167 World Iraqi forces yet to seal off Mosul as battle enters second month 1479391011 World Bersih protest to go ahead as court quashes injunction to stop rally 1479397277 World Britain ratifies Paris climate agreement 1479394162 World UK has kind of Brexit negotiating structure but won't be easy: Scots minister 1479394054 World South Sudan army and rebels clash, at least 15 dead 1479395058 Business Trade is important, binds world together: Fed's Dudley 1479393627 Business Wells Fargo says account openings slow in October 1479394357 Business Wall St. opens flat ahead of Yellen's testimony 1479393239 World Congo opposition figure Badibanga named PM of unity government 1479395232 Business U.S. inflation, labor market data bolster Fed December rate hike 1479393507 Business Best Buy same-store sales beat estimates, shares hit 3-year high 1479395445 World Testing times as South Korean students sit for college exam 1479359700 World Japan's Abe, Trump set to meet; Abe seeking to build trust 1479395635 Business Dollar dips from 13-1/2 year peak before Yellen testimony 1479395297 Business Fed rate hike could come ‘relatively soon’: Yellen 1479395778 Business BreadTalk to open Din Tai Fung in London next year 1479395773 Sports Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise 1479395460 Daily Focus S’pore’s coral reefs proving resilient in the face of challenges 1479395178 Entertainment Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris 1479395172 Lifestyle Find out Victoria's Secret to body confidence 1479390960 Business Oct exports plunge 12 per cent, further clouding outlook 1479393300 World Disowned by family, women rescued from Indian brothels turn to counseling 1479392698 Business Less traditional work could hurt U.S. worker security: Fed's Dudley 1479392322 Business Exclusive: EU wants Google to stop anti-competitive Android practices, fine expected File photo of a Google search page is seen through a magnifying glass in this photo illustration taken in Berlin. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 10:15 PM, October 1, 2016 Updated: 4:25 AM, October 2, 2016 BRUSSELS - EU antitrust regulators plan to order Alphabet's <GOOGL.O> Google to stop paying financial incentives to smartphone makers to pre-install Google Search exclusively on their devices and warned the company of a large fine, an EU document showed. The document, running to more than 150 pages, was sent to complainants last week for feedback. Google received a copy in April in which the European Commission accused it of using its dominant Android mobile operating system to shut out rivals. The EU competition enforcer in its charge sheet, known as a statement of objections, said it planned to tell the U.S. technology giant to halt payments or discounts to mobile phone manufacturers in return for pre-installing Google's Play Store with Google Search. The regulators also want to prevent Google from forcing smartphone makers to pre-install its proprietary apps if this restricts their ability to use competing operating systems based on Android. Google "cannot punish or threaten" companies for not complying with its conditions, according to the document seen by Reuters. The Commission's investigation followed a complaint by FairSearch, a lobby group supported by companies that want to ensure they are not disadvantaged by search engine market dominance, in March 2013. Google could face a large fine because the anti-competitive practices, which started from January 2011, are still ongoing, the document said. "The Commission intends to set the fine at a level which will be sufficient to ensure deterrence," it said. The penalty could be based on revenue generated from AdWords clicks by European users, Google Search product queries, Play Store apps purchases and AdMob's in-app advertisements. Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. Google said: "We look forward to showing the European Commission that we've designed the Android model in a way that's good for both competition and consumers, and supports innovation across the region." Separately, the Commission, which has also charged Google of favoring its own shopping service over those of rivals, could also fine it in that case, according to a second charge sheet seen by Reuters. Google may have to rank rival comparison shopping services in the same way as its own services, the charge sheet sent in July and forwarded to its foes last week said. The document, close to 150 pages, was heavily edited, with large sections of confidential information redacted by Google. The Commission said it would decide at a later stage whether to let Google charge competitors for displaying their services prominently, with the amount corresponding to Google's operating cost or a nominal amount based on the lowest reserve price for AdWords which is currently 0.01 euro per click. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo says account openings slow in October Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks Inside Today World U.N. expert questions legality of 'brutal' mass evictions in Nigeria East Libyan army claims control of long-contested Benghazi district Ecuador says Sweden should promise Assange will not be extradited EU chair Slovakia presses eastern states' migration agenda, stirs anger Serbian military to check arms depot security after guns disappear Business JPMorgan to pay $264 million to resolve hiring allegations: SEC Japan's Universal Entertainment loses defamation appeal against Reuters Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' Oil rises on optimism over OPEC deal; stronger dollar caps gains Falling food prices, warm weather hurt Wal-Mart sales Sports Want to stay happy and positive? Exercise Rooney sorry for ‘inappropriate’ hotel pictures Barcelona land Rakuten as main sponsor in S$84m deal Injured Indonesia star Irfan Bachdim out of Suzuki Cup SportCares teen blossoms from timid footballer to assured leader Entertainment Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset Dwayne Johnson named People’s magazine’s ‘sexiest man alive’ About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Search   Home Categories Audio Business Games Graphics Internet Utilities New Downloads Top Downloads Link to Us   AweSync 6.5.0.0 10/01/2016      Category: Business Description of AweSync AweSync is designed to synchronize Lotus Notes Calendar, Contacts, Tasks and Notebook with Google. Lotus Notes is one of the most world-famous and powerful messaging, calendar planning, and collaboration enterprise platforms. There are millions people in the world using Lotus Notes calendars at work. On the other hand - Google is extremely popular for personal and business applications, including Google calendar. AweSync may be useful for the users who want to: - keep their Lotus Notes business calendar and Google personal calendar and tasks in sync to organize continuous and seamless planning space - share their business schedule or free-busy time information originating in Lotus Notes to virtually any Internet users via Google Calendar - synchronize their mobile device with Lotus Notes starting from version 6.5 by using Google calendar as intermediate storage of their events in conjunction with Google Sync for Android, BlackBerry, iPhone, or Windows Mobile - Have the same contacts in Lotus Notes and Google We feel very confident that you will find our AweSync product to be a leader in this product space and hope you will try it out for your synchronization needs. To start synchronizing, the only thing you need is to define your Lotus Notes Mail File settings, which are actually discovered on utility startup, so you just need to check those, and also, define your Google credentials. Though, for convenient synchronization we have added some advanced features: - Automatic scheduled synchronization at defined intervals of time, or manual on-demand synchronization - Full two-way synchronization, or one-way with defined data source either Notes to Google, or Google to Notes - Comprehensive conflict handling - newer wins, or defined data source overwrite - Selection of one or more Google calendars for synchronization - Support of recurring events with rescheduling and cancellations - Privacy options to disable synchronization of certain fields Windows Vista Starter, Windows Vista Home Basic, Windows Vista Home Premium, Windows Vista Business, Windows Vista Enterprise, Windows Vista Ultimate, Windows Vista Home Basic x64, Windows Vista Home Premium x64, Windows Vista Business x64, Windows Vista Enterprise x64, Windows Vista Ultimate x64, Win7 x32, Win7 x64, Windows 8, WinVista, WinVista x64 Screenshot New Freeware Downloads on File Flash   Advanced SystemCare 10.0.3.671 ... Advanced SystemCare 10 is an easy-to-use yet all-in-one Windows PC optimization utility. It helps clean, optimize, speed up and protect your system, as well as secure your online privacy. With the best 1-click approach, it is easier for you to clean up junk files, leftovers, and registry entries, and optimize startup items, system resources, and Internet connections to greatly speed up your computer boot time, responding & browsing speed. With the newly added cleaning for unnecessary ...   Prism Video Converter Free for Mac 2.66 ... Prism Free Video Converter Software for Mac converts all of the most popular video formats including mpeg4, divx, wmv, and more! Prism Free also lets you set encoder/compression rates, resolution, and frame rates. You can also set a specific size for the output of your file. Use the preview feature to sample the original file and see what the output video file will be before converting the video file. This helps ensure accuracy and the best output results. Prism Video Converter Free for ...   RationalPlan Project Viewer 4.14.0 ... RationalPlan Project Viewer by Stand By Soft is a free project management software viewer, the perfect solution for anyone (from project stakeholders to team workers) to view your projects in detail. Although the project managers plan and control the projects from start to end and make all the necessary changes, there are some other people, the stakeholders that need to check and overview the projects evolution into their smallest detail. RationalPlan Project Viewer is freely distributed as a ...   Free Hide IP 4.1.5.2 ... Free Hide IP, the best free privacy protection software, could hide your real IP address for FREE, anonymize your web surfing, keep your computer safe from hacker attacks and other risks, all with a single click of a button without any configuration. With Free Hide IP, you can surf anonymously on line, send anonymous emails through any web based mail system, get un-banned from restricted forums or other websites, keeping your computer safe from websites, hackers or identity thieves that want ...   Free iTunes Backup Extractor 7.0.3 ... What can you do to extract and recover your iPhone data if you get them lost for the following reasons: 1.Deleted important data from iPhone by mistake. 2.iPhone is damaged, lost or stolen. 3.iPhone stuck in black/white screen of death, iPhone is inaccessible. 4.Too many data on iPhone, want to backup iPhone data to computer. 5.Lost important files on iPhone after iPhone jailbreak or factory restore. 6.iOS update cause data lost from iPhone. 7.Forgot iPhone lock-screen passcode. To ...   Submit Rating Author: Inexika Inc. License: Shareware Price: $19.99 File Size: 4.9 MB Downloads: 25   Download   Home Page   Report Error   Related Software Public ShareFolder for Outlook 1.4 GooOut.Net 1.1.4648 Add2Exchange Enterprise 14 OutShare for Outlook 1.0.3708 Garmin PC Sync 1.4.0.6 eM Client 4.0.13961 Lotus Notes Contacts to Outlook 3.0 iPhone to Android Transfer 3.1.2 Lotus Notes Contacts to Outlook 7.0 Convert Lotus Notes Contacts to Outlook 7.0 Catalog Google Sync Lotus Lotus Sync Google Google Calendar Sync Google Contacts Sync Google Tasks Sync Google Calendar Synchronization Lotus Calendar Sync Lotus Contacts Sync Lotus Tasks Sync Lotus Sync Iphone Lotus Sync Android   Home Submit Software Feeds Link to Us Privacy ©2000-2015 File Flash. All Rights Reserved.
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Malicious 'DressCode' Malware Now Spreading Across App Stores 1 October 2016, 7:17 am EDT By Horia Ungureanu Tech Times Trend Micro recently announced that the Google Play Store is anything but safe. The security experts highlighted that a number of apps are carrying the DressCode malware, which can exploit both home and enterprise networks.  ( Trend Micro ) Advertisement Google Play offers a myriad of great apps, but some infected ones bypass the vetting process and end up infecting the mobile devices of Android users. A recent wave of panic went through the Android community as it was revealed that more than 400 apps transformed infected phones into listening posts. What is more, the tampered phones are capable of siphoning sensitive data from protected networks and share them with malicious users. In a blog post, security researchers from Trend Micro affirm that an app carrying the so-called DressCode malware was downloaded between 100,000 and 500,000 times prior to being removed from the Google-hosted marketplace Specifically, the app is dubbed Mod GTA 5 for Minecraft PE and it appears to be just another mobile game. However, the developers of the "game" embedded mischievous components in its code that allow the phone to connect with a server that is being controlled by the attacker. Normally, when devices use a network, something called network address translation protections keep them away from harm, but the malign server was crafted to bypass the shielding system. Trend Micro explains that via the malware, threat actors get unauthorized access to a user's network ecosystem. This means that should an infected device log in to an enterprise network, this enables the attacker to go around the NAT device and strike the internal server directly. Another way to make use of the infiltrated device is to use it "as a springboard" to siphon sensitive data. This is not the first time in recent history when Google Play was reportedly breeding security liabilities. About three weeks ago, experts with security firm Check Point discovered 40 DressCode-infected apps in Google Play. At the time, Check Point reported that infected apps scored between 500,000 and 2 million downloads on the Android app platform. According to Trend Micro, it is quite challenging to pinpoint which part of the app contains malicious functions. Google did respond to the security researchers' blog post in an email to Ars Technica, noting that it is "aware of the issue." The company said that it focuses on resolving the security problem as soon as possible. In 2012, Google rolled out Bouncer, a cloud-based security scanner that eliminates malicious apps from its Play Store. In the four years that passed, researchers who are keeping an eye on Google Play Store detected and reported on thousands of apps that come packed with malware and other security exploits. This makes one wonder if Bouncer is maybe in need of an update. TAG TrendMicro, Google Play Store, Malware, DressCode Malware © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Play Store Apps Sneakily Infected With New DressCode Android Malware Google Gives 13 Android Apps The Boot For Secretly Downloading Malware Into Users’ Devices Android Malware Infects Thousands Of Apps With Adware Strand And It's Impossible To Wipe Capcom Relaunches 'Street Fighter V' Update For The PC: No More Malware Risks, Urien Now Safe To Play Phony 'Pokémon Go' App Tricks Half A Million Players Into Downloading Malware From Our Sponsor Five Reasons You Should Buy An iPhone 6s And Not iPhone 7 The iPhone 7 has hit the stores but iPhone 6s still makes a compelling buy. Here's why. SPONSORED BY Willnorn Advertisement Close Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 2 Space 1000 Years: The Time Humans Have, Says Stephen Hawking, To Find Another Planet Or Face Mass Extinction 3 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 5 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Announces Magenta Friday Sale Before Black Friday: Two Free Lines For A Family Of Four 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!

MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Google G Suite vs Microsoft Office 365: Which Productivity Tools Are Right For You? 1 October 2016, 9:57 am EDT By Livia Rusu Tech Times Computer Technology - How Laptops, Personal Computers And Tablets Are Changing The WorldNow Playing Microsoft - Here's What You Didn't KnowNow Playing Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Google and Microsoft are battling for whose tools could improve productivity the most. The two companies finally began to separate their audience through highlighting the selling points of their tools.  ( Oli Scarff | Getty Images ) Advertisement Technology never tried so hard to solve our everyday office issues as hard as it does now. From word documents, to presentations and spreadsheets, every day at work has a quick solution. Spreadsheets: For Beginners To Pros Microsoft Excel is one of the most used Office applications, and much of its usefulness comes from the formulas for calculating different data in order to create relevant reports. For those who have been using Excel since the Mesozoic computer times, formulas come naturally, as people are creatures of habit. The problem is with the most recent users of spreadsheets — the ones trying to learn the ancient language of Excel formulas. And G Suite thought of them before anyone else. In order to make this task easier, the Google spreadsheets can employ formulas typed in natural language in an answer box on the top right corner of the sheet. This magic potentially solves all the calculations, so no need to remember those endless formulas, while making sure brackets are not missed at all. Working somewhat in the opposite direction, Office 365 tries to align its software to the generic public, while also improving the formulas for the Excel aficionados. As a power user, one can always create a perfect nested formula for the most specific reports. Earlier this year, Office announced six more Excel functions that received exceptional feedback from the niche. However, as the times require adapting, the program also improved the main functions to make it more intuitive for the generic audience. Exploring Word Documents G Suite thinks of constant ways of improving their usability and user experience, there's no secret here. Anything coming from Google has the same purpose of improved, high end experience. That's why, constantly addressing a larger audience, Google Docs now has an Explore function, which works like an embedded search in the document, suggesting related topics or images and even pointing to other Docs in your drive. The feature is not only welcome, but it also helps create a better connection across platforms. "We know that it's helpful to refer to other content when writing an analysis, summary or proposal. That's why we've also made it easy to find a related document from Drive or search Google, right in Explore. Less time spent switching between apps more time to polish your ideas," reads the Google Docs blog. At the same time, Office Word 365 positions itself as a generic writing program whose core functions have been used through time. The 365 lacks the References and Mailings, and if a user has a specific editing needs, their options with Office 365 are not the best. However, compared to the Docs counterpart, it has similar functionalities. It is in the end a matter of perspective: compared to the classic Office Word, Office Online has mere basic functionalities, Google Docs doesn't seem to offer a lot more, either. If when it comes to Spreadsheets, Google is the clear winner. But the king of documents remains Office for one simple reason: the pretty interface that helps you create eye candy documents, however basic in nature. Power, Always To The Point The Google Slides' selling point is clearly the layout suggestion of the explore features, with the promise to "make your content shine." "We've seen that people save over 30 percent of the time they would have spent on formatting when they use Explore. So even if design isn't your style, rest assured you'll have a beautiful presentation to be proud of. Instantly," Google Docs says. Office focused on something visual, rather than pragmatic. With its Zoom feature allowing to create non-linear presentations, PowerPoint as it have been known has started to look like an improved Pro: always there to help users be astonishing. And, with its new app launcher, Office is going places. Truth is, there is no clear winner and, depending on what a user is looking for in terms of reliability, design or saving some time, solutions differ. The good news is that there seems to be a fix for any office issues. TAG Office 365, G Suite, Productivity © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Google Collaborates With Box: Big Move To Rule The Cloud? Office Team Leader Qi Lu To Leave Microsoft Due To Health Reasons Microsoft Office 365 Updates: Meet Word Researcher And Editor [Video] Microsoft Agrees To Preload Office, OneDrive And Skype Apps In Lenovo Android Devices Google Docs, Sheets And Slides With Split View And Auto-Formatting Now Look Better On iPad Pro From Our Sponsor Where Can You Get The Best Smartphone Deals And Tablet Deals This Fall At Unbeatable Prices? With the holiday season drawing near, if you're one of the early tech shoppers who's on the lookout to snag a good deal on smartphone, tablet or any gadget, check out GearBest. SPONSORED BY GearBest Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Video Games NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 18 2 Space 1000 Years: The Time Humans Have, Says Stephen Hawking, To Find Another Planet Or Face Mass Extinction 3 Microsoft Xbox One Black Friday 2016 Bundle Deal Prices Compared: Target, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, Costco And More Advertisement 4 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 5 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 6 Viral Baba Vanga Predictions: The New Nostradamus? Read Her Uncanny Prophecies On Trump, Islamic State, Obama And End Of The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech T-Mobile Announces Magenta Friday Sale Before Black Friday: Two Free Lines For A Family Of Four 9 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 10 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Latest Specs, Price And Release Date Rumors: Kaby Lake Processor, Windows 10 Redstone 2, And More EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show Google Pixel Hacked In Under 60 Seconds: Is Your Smartphone Safe From The Exploit? Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Contact Jobs Contribute Advertise Team About Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers Launch Distract World Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalise content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Money Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture Google Maps gets hands-free navigation at last by Josh Levenson — in Google 721 shares Google has quietly updated its Maps application for Android with support for a much-requested new feature — ‘Ok Google’ commands. This is a pretty big deal as it means that users no longer have to tap the microphone icon before speaking when driving. Once the update has been installed on their device, users will be able to say ‘Ok Google,’ followed by a suitable voice command to start navigation to a new destination, seek an alternative route or change driving settings. They will also have the facility to verbally ask Google Maps questions that they’d usually have to glance at their smartphone’s screen to see the answer to, such as “Is there traffic ahead? and “What’s my next turn?” The capabilities of Maps’ speech recognition functionality are pretty much endless, so it may be a little daunting at first. Fortunately, Google has released a cheat sheet full of commands to help you get started. Check out a few of the best ones below: “Show route overview” or “Show alternate routes” “What road is this?” “What’s my ETA?” “Navigate home” or “Navigate to Starbucks” “What’s the weather like?” “Find gas stations” “What’s the closest hotel?” “Find restaurants” Some users are reporting that ‘Ok Google’ commands aren’t enabled by default once the update has been landed on their handset. If this turns out to be the case for you, open up the overflow menu, tap ‘Settings,’ then flick the switch next to ‘OK Google detection’ from off to on. via Search Engine Land Use voice search and commands on Google Support Read next: Why Spotify buying SoundCloud would be the best thing ever AppsGoogleGoogle Maps Share on Facebook (281) Share on Twitter (322) Josh Levenson is a reporter from London, UK. Happy to hear your thoughts on levenson@thenextweb.com or @jlevens0n on Twitter. Josh Levenson is an avid technology enthusiast who writes news and the occasional how-to article. He's also a self-proclaimed sneakerhead and has been an Apple fan for as long as he can remember. Contact Mail Tweet Location London, UK Posts 85 Posts / mo. 32.28   All posts by Josh > The latest articles around Google Google Play is adding support for introductory discounts on Android app subscriptions Abhimanyu Ghoshal See what the fuss is about: Enter to win a brand-new Google Pixel XL smartphone TNW Deals Google's Daydream View VR headset-controller combo hits stores next week Abhimanyu Ghoshal Shh. Here's some distraction Is Mark Zuckerberg onto something? TNW 5 ways to deal with expenses and reimbursements TNW with Expenditure I can't stop watching this bird speak perfect Japanese Juan Buis Never lose your Discover Weekly playlist again with this IFTTT Applet Matthew Hughes Google's amazing AI experiments let you play with neural networks Juan Buis #TrumpNarratesPlanetEarth is the funniest thing on Twitter today Bryan Clark Comments Recommended 3 quick SEO fixes for every website Link-Assistant Most popular 1 Twitter rolls out Snapchat-like QR codes for some users Bryan Clark 2 Google's amazing AI experiments let you play with neural networks Juan Buis 3 Domino's begins delivering pizza by drone in New Zealand Abhimanyu Ghoshal 4 Amazon Prime Video is going global next month to take on Netflix Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 Coca-Cola 'selfie bottle' lets you snap pics as you sip your health away Mix Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Who's Hiring Add your company ABN AMRO Reinventing the world of banking Philips Embrace the unexpected Facebook Build and make an impact Uber Work that moves you Amazon We are a company of pioneers Latest Firefox Focus for iOS makes private browsing a breeze Abhimanyu Ghoshal Three Mobile breached, millions of UK customers' data at risk Abhimanyu Ghoshal Facebook now lets users trigger Safety Checks Abhimanyu Ghoshal White supremacists plan to flood Twitter with 'fake black people' Bryan Clark Apple finally acknowledges iPhone 'Touch Disease' problem by denying responsibility Bryan Clark This iPad-like 'Apple Mirror' is all I want for Christmas Bryan Clark Dog Parker is a high-tech parking spot... for your dog Bryan Clark The best things about the Surface Studio won't even be made by Microsoft Napier Lopez Google data reveals searches for KKK hit an all-time high after Trump win Bryan Clark Apple reportedly considering building iPhones in the US instead of China Napier Lopez Study: Swearing on Twitter leads to a presumption of ignorance Bryan Clark Apple’s automated backups are making every iPhone owner vulnerable Lauren Gilmore This service offers $1 digital blowjobs that apparently feel like the real deal Juan Buis Apple might boost the iPhone camera with augmented reality gimmicks Mix 24 hours only: Protect your online data for life with Hotspot Shield Elite VPN, now at its lowest price yet TNW Deals @stephenrcovey Always treat your employees exactly as you want them to treat your best customers. Share Upcoming Events CES Jan 5, 2017 SXSW Mar 10, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Contribute Jobs Contact © 2006–2016 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.65M followers 763K likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Alphabet Google Emerging Tech Google’s X is flying its internet balloons over Yellowstone We see you, Loon balloon. by April Glaser Sep 30, 2016, 4:26pm EDT tweet share Linkedin We know this isn’t Yellowstone, but it is a Loon balloon. X Here’s something interesting from Google’s parent company, Alphabet: Its experimental balloon-based initiative to bring internet connectivity to remote parts of the world, called Project Loon, was spotted flying balloons over Yellowstone National Park last week. Here’s a snapshot of a flight map. The red balloon is Loon. Seems Google is testing its LTE loon balloons over Yellowstone National Park, a place usually devoid of connectivity https://t.co/mPT1LUeXuw pic.twitter.com/UJQSHv7ufC— Jason Rabinowitz (@AirlineFlyer) September 23, 2016 Loon is a project of Google’s moonshot division, X, formerly called Google X, now a separate business under the Alphabet umbrella. While Google has been testing these balloons in the U.S. for the past two years — they have a test site in Winnemucca, Nev. — this is one of the rare times they’ve actually been spotted by a human being. Or at least, spotted and tweeted. The balloons generally hover around 55,000-70,000 feet in the air, which is too high to see with a naked eye. They have been spotted as far away as Wichita, Kan., a full 1,377 miles from the test site. Yellowstone is 610 miles north of Winnemucca. Loon shared the story of its 98-day flight over Peru earlier this month. It makes sense that Google wants to get more people online — because if you’re on the internet, you probably use Google. And when people use Google, the company can collect data and serve ads. Internet providers generally won’t lay cables in places where there aren’t enough potential subscribers to make it profitable, keeping a lot of the world offline. As for whether Loon, into which Alphabet has been pumping upward of $1 billion to make work, will be cheaper than building infrastructure in remote areas remains to be seen. If you want to check where Loon balloons are flying right now, take a look at a flight radar map and search for the call sign HBAL. Project Loon Project Loon recode_divider Next Up In Google Watch a supercut of Google’s event announcing its Pixel phones, Home and Daydream VR headset Google's hardware event was really all about its AI software Liveblog of Google’s hardware event Google's hardware chief says the Pixel will hold its own against the iPhone Google tailored its fabric Daydream headset for VR first-timers Trending If the Tesla and SolarCity merger goes through, Elon Musk will be a step closer to creating a solar-powered car LinkedIn’s CEO says the U.S. cares too much about four-year college degrees Facebook says it miscalculated more metrics, but it’s telling advertisers not to worry Disney will fly 300 drones simultaneously every night this winter in Orlando Firefox created a private iPhone browser for quick searches you’d rather your spouse didn’t see More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 20. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Broadband Here’s the secret to Starry Internet’s plan to beam the internet to your house and break up the broadband monopoly by Peter Kafka Chet Kanojia takes Recode behind the scenes of his new startup. Podcasts Drones Too Embarrassed to Ask Full transcript: Recode’s April Glaser talks drones on Too Embarrassed to Ask by Recode Staff Recode answers your questions about how high, where and when you can fly your drone. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Fake Facebook news is a danger to democracy, says Obama by John Murrell “If we can’t discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda, then we have problems.” Podcasts Too Embarrassed to Ask Do 'productivity hacks' really help you get stuff done? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Kara Swisher, Lauren Goode and The Verge’s Dieter Bohn discuss on Too Embarrassed to Ask. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Nothing, not even your digital memories, lasts forever Commentary: The future of life logging means fragmentation and uncertainty. Consider the tale of Narrative. Nothing, not even your digital memories, lasts forever 0 Share: Tech Culture by Scott Stein October 1, 2016 4:45 AM PDT @jetscott Up Next President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy "Please read: Narrative Ceases Support and How to Use Your Clip." The email came on my commute home to New Jersey. I read it on the train. I knew what this meant. I had tried the Narrative Clip before. You probably haven't. It's a small life-logging camera that was released several years ago, well before Snap Spectacles, but after Google Glass tried to capture photo memories as a lifestyle, too. I reviewed the first one back in 2014. Since then, a new version added video recording and better-resolution photos, but, it was designed to be an automatic wearable camera that recorded snaps and clips to be uploaded online, capturing memories when you might forget to otherwise. The email continued: On September 26 2016, the company Narrative AB filed for voluntary dissolution. While this means that the Narrative team can no longer continue sales and support of the Narrative Clip, we are committed to secure the future use of all existing products currently in customers' hands. Narrative Clip auto-snapped photos and uploaded them to a server, where these endless memories would be organized by time. These bits of your life would function, perhaps, as tiny ways to jog memory. MyLifeBits, as Gordon Bell called them years before even Narrative Clip existed (Gordon Bell's idea, captured in his book Your Life, Uploaded, was an extension of Vannevar Bush's idea of the Memex, which dates back to 1945.) It's the fantasy of digital storage as surrogate memory. And we live in that surrogate memory now, deeply. But sometimes it's not there for us. Previously, Narrative uploaded those photos (through a tethered phone). But now that the company is going away, it's no longer hosting those collected photos anymore on its server. To get to Narrative's stored photos of you, you'll need to use an upcoming tool and manually offload them to an app. Narrative, however, hasn't yet defined how that tool will work, and when asked for comment a representative declined to go into further detail. What happens when that Black Mirror idea of memory recall has a server issue?Photo by Zeppotron The point is, infinite storage is no longer there for you. For photos that are taken continuously, that's a problem. The camera can't hold enough on its own -- that's what Narrative's server was for. It's a problem for all photos, and the things we keep snapping of ourselves: where do we put them? And will they always stay there? I live off Google, and my endless, scattered social media feeds. Something's on Facebook, some stuff is on Twitter, and oh yeah, Instagram -- and what did I do about LinkedIn? Snapchat, which made "autodestruct" messages famous, switched over to archiving your memories, too. The feature is even called "Memories." Most services I use feature nearly infinite storage. A promise of memory that goes on forever. But this is a reminder for any future gadget that funnels its photos or content into one place: Snapchat and its Spectacles, Google and any future Glass follow-up. We are pushed to live in digital spaces, and sometimes those spaces disappear. I'm just concerned about living too heavily in any experimental life-logging world where I'm dependent on one tool and one app. If that app or that service goes away, I'm lost. It could happen anywhere. And to Narrative Clip, it just did. Sure, Narrative was a small company, and the camera wasn't even very good. But how do I know what services will last, or what ones will disappear? Just ask devoted users of Twitpic. And even if the company is alive and well, there's no guarantee the service will go on: just look at Google Reader, Google Wave, iGoogle and Google Notebook, for instance. Or consider how cloud-storage services continually change rules on pricing and storage. because i sure did not know that. and now every picture i took on vacation the last two weeks is gone. forever.— caitlin petrakovitz (@misscp) September 29, 2016 If we're diving headlong into keeping our memories on someone else's servers, I'd rather know that I can always reliably get them back -- and that I won't have my memory dissolved at a future date. That Black Mirror vision of your life always being logged isn't just bothersome because of the nightmare of everything being able to be recalled at a moment's notice. It's a nightmare because someday, when you least expect it -- server outage, company going out of business, customer service error, a glitch or something in between -- you also might not be able to access anything at all. Tags Tech Culture Wearable Tech Related Stories Your holiday shopping battle guide Australian eagles 9, drones 0 Amazon confronts Trump's view of the US head on Trump's chief strategist thinks too many tech CEOs are Asian? Close   Discuss: Nothing, not even your digital memories,... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy Rumor: Three new iPhones coming in 2017. Only one will be OLED. Apple's working on digital glasses. How special is the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar? And Apple's selling a book...for $300. by Brian Tong Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Compare India Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Gossip Footballnext Immersive Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News US Elections 2016 Podcast Business DemonetisationUS Elections 2016ImmersiveLatest NewsIndia vs EngPodcast#GoodNewsCompare India Demonetisation US Elections 2016 Immersive Latest News India vs Eng Podcast #GoodNews Compare India Google Adds More Artificial Intelligence to B2B Cloud Services Nike Brings Out HyperAdapt, a $720 Self-Lacing Sneaker Nissan to Provide Cashless Options For Aftersales Needs of Customers in India Snap's Founders Not a Bit Reluctant to Declare IPO News18 » Tech 2-min read Google Adds More Artificial Intelligence to B2B Cloud Services Reuters First published: October 1, 2016, 5:34 PM IST | Updated: October 1, 2016 Google offers a range of apps like word processing and email, as well as the ability to host data and offer resources for developers. (Image: Reuters) Alphabet Inc's Google has renamed its business-to-business cloud computing brand and enhanced some enterprise applications using artificial intelligence, the company's latest gambit to better compete with Amazon.com and Microsoft Corp. in the lucrative cloud business. Discussing the rebranded Google Cloud, Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google's enterprise business, said the company has made good progress courting customers and improving its technology. Cloud computing uses remote internet servers to store, manage and process data, and Google offers a range of apps like word processing and email, as well as the ability to host data and offer resources for developers. The new name replaces the Google for Work brand. "We are closing the gap incredibly fast" with competitors, Greene, a former CEO of VMware who joined Google last year to ramp up its cloud business, told experts and journalists at an event. Analysts say Google trails Amazon and Microsoft in market share but is gaining under Greene. Although the business is not big enough to break out separately in its quarterly earnings statement, Google reported a 33 percent surge in "other revenue" in its most recent quarter, which analysts said was probably due largely to gains in cloud computing. Greene has moved quickly to streamline engineering and appointed new leadership to beef up the company's cloud business. This has helped improve sales, Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said during the company's latest earnings call. Earlier this month, Google acquired cloud software company Apigee Corp in a deal valued at about $625 million. The company on Thursday also announced a partnership with consultant Accenture to develop cloud services for clients in industries such a retail, healthcare and finance. In addition, the company said it had woven more artificial intelligence into its apps to help employees work more efficiently. Using machine learning to crunch troves of data, Google says its apps will prompt users to, say, open files at certain times of day or propose meetings based on their habits. Google recently added a U.S. data centre in Oregon in order to speed up service and next year will open more in Virginia, Mumbai, Singapore, Sydney, São Paulo, London, Finland and Frankfurt. cloud computing Google Trending Articles Fantastic Beasts Movie Review: Magic Is Back on the Big Screen! Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: Get Set For Some Potter Style Magic Johnny Depp to Star as Gellert Grindelwald in Fantastic Beasts Sequel Colin Farrell Has Never Read Harry Potter Books Trending Articles Fantastic Beasts Movie Review: Magic Is Back on the Big Screen! Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: Get Set For Some Potter Style Magic Johnny Depp to Star as Gellert Grindelwald in Fantastic Beasts Sequel Colin Farrell Has Never Read Harry Potter Books Force 2 Movie Review: You'll Love to Hate Tahir Raj Bhasin Colin de Grandhomme: A Zimbabwean Who Makes His Mark For New Zealand New Zealand vs Pakistan 1st Test: Debutants de Grandhomme, Rawal Put Kiwis in Control Force 2 Movie Review: Fast-paced Plot Will Keep You Hooked From Our Network 2017 UP Assembly Election: Priyanka Gandhi to lead Congress campaign, Rahul's role unclear- FirstPost One dead, 10 injured in explosion in Nagda industrial town - Pradesh18 CM Vasundhara Raje appoints chairmen and members of various boards - Pradesh18 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Pakistan Navy 'Pushed' Indian Submarine Clear of Its Waters Watch: Parliament Daily With Pallavi Ghosh PM Modi Not Properly Briefed on Demonetisation, Says Ex- RBI Dy Guv Chakrabarty Karnataka HC Orders Winding up of Kingfisher Airlines Limited Trump Taps Kansas Congressman Mike Pompeo for CIA Director Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Report: Google Hires Adviser to Aid Potential Twitter Acquisition October 1, 2016 7:44am Nasdaq:GOOGL NYSE:TWTR ShareTweet According to sources close to the situation, Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has hired a financial adviser to help evaluate a potential acquisition offer for social media giant Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR). Reports indicate Google has tapped a familiar face in Lazard to advise during the M&A process. From Bloomberg: In tapping Lazard Ltd., Google hasn’t indicated it will definitely make an offer for Twitter. But the move suggests that Google is evaluating the option, pitting the search giant against other potential bidders including Walt Disney Co. and Salesforce.com Inc. Lazard also served as Google’s adviser earlier this year amid the company’s buyout of software developer Apigee. That $625 million deal is expected to close by the end of 2016. A deal for Twitter would be far more expensive. Reports indicate TWTR could be demanding a valuation as high as $30 billion, with a bidding war not out of the question, considering the sheer number of firms expressing interest. For its part, Twitter has brought on an advisory team as well: Twitter hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Allen & Co. to solicit potential buyers after receiving interest from Salesforce, people familiar with the situation have said. The company, which has seen user growth stagnate for more than a year, has been trying to reshape its identity by focusing on video and live events. Alphabet shares closed at $804.06 on Friday, up $1.42 (+0.18%). Year-to-date, GOOGL has risen 3.35%. Tags: Alphabet Equity google NASDAQ:GOOGL NYSE:TWTR Social Media technology Twitter Categories: Nasdaq:GOOGL NYSE:TWTR Read Next Citi Analyst Sees 40% Downside Risk for Twitter Twitter Shares Surge 20% as Takeover Offer Appears Imminent Google Facing Potential $400 Million Tax Bill in Indonesia Report: Twitter’s 140 Character Limit Will Expand Soon Report: Twitter Will Discuss Potential Sale at Tuesday’s Board Meeting Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Two Popular Leveraged Oil ETFs Are Shutting Down Next Month Here’s What’s Fueling The Irrational Rally In Shipping Stocks The New Islamic Gold Standard Could Send Gold Prices Skyrocketing Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Soccer Clockwatch Hull City 0-2 Chelsea, Premier League and more: Saturday clockwatch – as it happened Chelsea beat Hull City and Liverpool beat Swansea as the day’s three other Premier League fixture ended all square View the Premier League table Updated Chelsea’s Diego Costa celebrates after scoring their second goal at Hull. Photograph: Lindsey Parnaby/AFP/Getty Images Barry Glendenning @bglendenning Saturday 1 October 2016 12.28 EDT Last modified on Saturday 1 October 2016 12.45 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 12.07pm EDT 12:07 Scottish Premiership full-times 12.05pm EDT 12:05 League One full-times 12.03pm EDT 12:03 Championship full-times ... 12.01pm EDT 12:01 Full time: Watford 2-2 Bournemouth 11.59am EDT 11:59 Aston Villa miss a penalty 11.42am EDT 11:42 GOAL! Sunderland 1-1 West Brom 11.37am EDT 11:37 Brighton double their lead Live feed Show 12.28pm EDT 12:28 Celtic captain Scott Brown strikes to secure win over Dundee Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.28pm EDT 12:28 Roberto Di Matteo under increasing pressure after Aston Villa defeat Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.27pm EDT 12:27 Sunderland’s Patrick van Aanholt grabs late equaliser to deny West Brom win Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.27pm EDT 12:27 Dimitri Payet magic earns West Ham a point against Middlesbrough Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.26pm EDT 12:26 Watford rescue point against Bournemouth thanks to Isaac Success Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.13pm EDT 12:13 Liverpool’s James Milner spot-on again to sink Swansea City Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.11pm EDT 12:11 Chelsea earn comfortable win at Hull to ease pressure on Antonio Conte Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.07pm EDT 12:07 Scottish Premiership full-times Dundee 0-1 Celtic, Hamilton Academical 1-1 Inverness, Kilmarnock 0-4 Aberdeen, Rangers 2-0 Partick Thistle, Ross County 0-2 St Johnstone. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.05pm EDT 12:05 League One full-times AFC Wimbledon 2-0 Gillingham, Bolton Wanderers 0-2 Oxford United, Bury 1-2 Scunthorpe, Charlton Athletic 0-1 Rochdale, Chesterfield 0-1 Bradford City, Fleetwood Town 1-1 Sheffield United, Northampton Town 2-3 Bristol Rovers, Oldham Athletic 0-2 MK Dons, Port Vale 0-2 Coventry City, Shrewsbury Town 1-1 Swindon Town, Southend United 1-1 Peterborough, Walsall 2-1 Millwall. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.03pm EDT 12:03 Championship full-times ... Fulham 1-2 QPR, Birmingham City 1-0 Blackburn Rovers, Brentford 0-0 Wigan Athletic, Bristol City 2-1 Nottingham Forest, Burton Albion 2-0 Cardiff City, Ipswich Town 0-1 Huddersfield, Leeds United 2-1 Barnsley, Preston 2-0 Aston Villa, Reading 1-1 Derby County, Rotherham United 0-1 Newcastle United, Sheffield Wednesday 1-2 Brighton. Wolves v Norwich is a 5.30 kick-off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 12.01pm EDT 12:01 Full time: Watford 2-2 Bournemouth Premier League: It finishes all square in a very entertaining game at Vicarage Road, where Callum Wilson put Bournemouth ahead only for Troy Deeney to equalise. Bournemouth went ahead again through Josh King, but Isaac Success restored parity for Watford in the 65th minute. Jack Wilshere had a wonderful opportunity to give Bournemouth the lead for a third time, but inexplicably hit the outside of the post when the goal was yawning. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.59am EDT 11:59 Aston Villa miss a penalty Championship: Jesus wept. Trailing 2-0 against Preston at Deepdale, Aston Villa get a late, late penalty. Ross McCormack steps up and proceeds to miss it. It probably wouldn’t have made any difference, but seems to sum up Villa’s season in a nutshell. It finishes 2-0 to Preston. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.57am EDT 11:57 Full time: Sunderland 1-1 West Brom Premier League: Sunderland arrest their run of three consecutive defeats to secure just their second point of the season against West Brom. Nacer Chadli put the Baggies ahead with his third goal in as many games, only for Patrick van Aanholt to volley home an equaliser. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.55am EDT 11:55 Full time: West Ham 1-1 Middlesbrough Premier League: Cristian Stuani put Middlesbrough ahead, only for Dimitri Payet to equalise with a sensational individual effort - make sure to get a look at it if you can. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.53am EDT 11:53 Full time: Hull City 0-2 Chelsea Premier League: Chelsea take all three points despite a spirited first half from Hull City. Willian and Diego Costa got the goals, with both men scoring into the same top corner. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.50am EDT 11:50 A late equaliser for Reading Championship: George Evans pokes home from five yards out to make it Reading 1-1 Derby County as the game enters the closing moments. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.45am EDT 11:45 Chances at the London Stadium Premier League: It’s 1-1 between West Ham and Middlesbrough and Gaston Ramirez and Michail Antonio have just fired wide with consecutive long range efforts. Updated at 11.46am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.42am EDT 11:42 GOAL! Sunderland 1-1 West Brom Premier League: Patrick van Aanholt makes up for his inability to defend by scoring a goal for Sunderland to make it all square at the Stadium of Light. He began and finished the move which resulted in him slamming the ball into the ground and over goalkeeper Ben Foster. It’s all square. Patrick van Aanholt equalises for Sunderland Photograph: Lee Smith/Reuters Updated at 11.58am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.37am EDT 11:37 Brighton double their lead Championship: Anthony Knockaert scores his fifth goal of the season to give Brighton a cushion against Sheffield Wednesday and is so happy about it that he gets booked for his over-zealous celebrations. Anthony Knockaert’s over-exuberant celebrations Photograph: John Clifton/Reuters Updated at 11.57am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.35am EDT 11:35 Jack Wilshere misses a sitter! Premier League: With the goal at his mercy, Jack Wilshere has a tap-in to put Bournemouth 3-2 up but strikes his effort against the outside of the upright. Updated at 11.35am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.33am EDT 11:33 Barnsley pull a goal back ... Championship: Sam Winnall halves the deficit for Barnsley in their needles match against Leeds. It’s 2-1 at Elland Road. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.31am EDT 11:31 More Championship goals ... Championship: Having conceded a Tammy Abraham equaliser, Nottingham Forest after 65 minutes have now gone behind after Jamie Paterson put Bristol City 2-1 up three minutes later. At St Andrews, Birmingham have broken the deadlock against Blackburn Rovers, with Stephen Gleeson scoring after 64 minutes. And at the Madejski Stadium, Jaap Stam’s Reading side are a goal down against Derby County, where Chris Powell is on the way to masterminding his second consecutive victory as the Rams’ caretaker manager in the absence of the suspended Nigel Pearson. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.27am EDT 11:27 GOAL! Watford 2-2 Bournemouth Premier League: Crikey! It’s a tale of two substitutes as Isaac Success lives up to his name by coming off the bench to equalise for Watford. He heads a José Holebas free-kick past Artur Boruc to restore parity. Isaac Success equalises for Watford Photograph: Andrew Couldridge/Reuters Updated at 11.31am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.25am EDT 11:25 GOAL! Hull City 0-2 Chelsea Premier League: Diego Costa curls one into the top right-hand corner after good build-up play from Nemanja Matic. Diego Costa celebrates bringing Chelsea to 2-0 Photograph: Shaun Botterill/Getty Images Updated at 11.55am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.24am EDT 11:24 GOAL! Watford 1-2 Bournemouth Premier League: Just on as a substitute for Jordan Ibe, Josh King picks up the ball, runs at the Watford defence, takes a shot and wheels away in delight as it takes a wicked deflection past Heurelho Gomes. Josh King of Bournemouth celebrates after scoring a goal Photograph: James Baylis - AMA/Getty Images Updated at 11.29am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.21am EDT 11:21 Meanwhile in Scotland ... Scottish Premiership: Dundee 0-1 Celtic (result), Hamilton Academical 1-0 Inverness, Kilmarnock 0-2 Aberdeen, Rangers 2-0 Partick Thistle, Ross County 0-1 St Johnstone. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.20am EDT 11:20 GOAL! Hull City 0-1 Chelsea Premier League: Willian scores with a long range effort to put Chelsea one up against Hull City. He cut in from the flank and curled one inside the top corner from the edge of the penalty area. Willian scores to put Chelsea 1-0 up Photograph: Carl Recine/Reuters Updated at 11.24am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.18am EDT 11:18 Some goals in the Championship Championship: Table-toppers Huddersfield have opened the scoring against Ipswich Town, with Christophe Schindler getting his name on the goalscorer’s list. Meanwhile at Elland Road, Leeds have doubled their lead against Barnsley. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.16am EDT 11:16 GOAL! West Ham 1-1 Middlesbrough Premier League: Dimitri Payet cuts in from the left, performs several step-overs before shaping to pull the trigger and then fires home an equaliser for West Ham. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.13am EDT 11:13 GOAL! Watford 1-1 Bournemouth Premiership: Just before that goal at the London Stadium, Troy Deeney equalised for Watford against Bournemouth. It’s all square at Vicarage Road. Troy Deeney equalises for Watford to make it 1-1 Photograph: Richard Heathcote/Getty Images Updated at 11.16am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.12am EDT 11:12 GOAL! West Ham 0-1 Middlesbrough Premier League: Middlesbrough riff on West Ham’s London Stadium pain. They’ve gone ahead through Christian Stuani in the 51st minute. Christian Stuani celebrates bringing Middlesborough 1-0 up Photograph: John Walton/PA Updated at 11.19am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.07am EDT 11:07 An early second-half goal ... Championship: Burton have gone two goals up against Cardiff City, a glancing header from Lucas Akins doubling their lead after 49 minutes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.01am EDT 11:01 Scottish Premiership latest Dundee 0-1 Celtic (result), Hamilton Academical 1-0 Inverness, Kilmarnock 0-1 Aberdeen, Rangers 2-0 Partick Thistle, Ross County 0-1 St Johnstone. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 11.00am EDT 11:00 League One latest ... AFC Wimbledon 2-0 Gillingham, Bolton Wanderers 0-0 Oxford United, Bury 0-1 Scunthorpe, Charlton Athletic 0-1 Rochdale, Chesterfield 0-1 Bradford City, Fleetwood Town 1-0 Sheffield United, Northampton Town 1-0 Bristol Rovers, Oldham Athletic 0-1 MK Dons, Port Vale 0-1 Coventry City, Shrewsbury Town 1-1 Swindon Town, Southend United 0-0 Peterborough, Walsall 1-1 Millwall. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.51am EDT 10:51 Championship latest at half-time ... Fulham 1-2 QPR (result). Birmingham City 0-0 Blackburn Rovers, Brentford 0-0 Wigan Athletic, Bristol City 0-1 Nottingham Forest, Burton Albion 1-0 Cardiff City, Ipswich Town 0-0 Huddersfield, Leeds United 1-0 Barnsley, Preston 2-0 Aston Villa, Reading 0-0 Derby County, Rotherham United 0-1 Newcastle United, Sheffield Wednesday 0-1 Brighton. Wolves v Norwich is a 5.30 kick-off. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.46am EDT 10:46 Rangers double their lead Scottish Premiership: Joey Barton’s training ground “bestie” Andrew Halliday scores a second for Rangers to double their lead against Partick Thistle. Elsewhere it’s Hamilton 1-0 Inverness, Kilmarnock 0-1 Aberdeen and Ross County 0-0 St Johnstone. Celtic have already beaten Dundee with the only goal of the game scored by Scott Brown at Dens Park. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.44am EDT 10:44 Newcastle take the lead ... Championship: On loan from Chelsea, Christian Atsu scores his first goal for Newcastle to put his side one up against Rotherham United at the New York Stadium. Newcastle United’s Christian Atsu scores their first goal Photograph: Craig Brough/Reuters Updated at 11.08am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.42am EDT 10:42 Leeds go ahead ... Championship: Kyle Bartley opens the scoring in the Yorkshire derby between Leeds United and Barnsley. Meanwhile at Deepdale, Preston have gone 2-0 up against Aston Villa, who seem more likely to slip into League One than bounce back into the Premier League. What a shambles they’ve become in recent years. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.39am EDT 10:39 Another goal in Scotland Scottish Premiership: Rangers lead Partick Thistle by a solitary goal scored by Niko Kranjcar. Updated at 10.47am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.36am EDT 10:36 GOAL! Sunderland 0-1 West Brom Premier League: Nacer Chadli scores his third goal in three games for the Baggies, who takes advantage of the home defence’s generosity to give the visitors a 1-0 lead on 35 minutes. West Bromwich Albion’s Nacer Chadli scores their first goal Photograph: Lee Smith/Reuters Updated at 10.52am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.35am EDT 10:35 A goal at Ashton Gate ... Championship: Nottingham Forest have gone a goal up against Bristol City, with Apostolos Vellios doing the honours. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 10.33am EDT 10:33 GOAL! Watford 0-1 Bournemouth Premier League: Callum Wilson opens the scoring at Vicarage Road to put Bournemouth ahead with a header after 31 minutes. It squeezed under Heurelho Gomes, who possibly should have done a little better to keep it out. Callum Wilson celebrates scoring their Bournemouth’s first goal Photograph: Andrew Couldridge/Reuters Updated at 10.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Premier League Championship League One League Two European club football More… Hull City Chelsea West Ham United Middlesbrough Watford Bournemouth Sunderland West Bromwich Albion Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business posted: 10/1/2016 7:19 AM App reviews: Melody Jams, Allo Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   In Melody Jams, kids can assemble a band of musical monsters. Each monster plays a different instrument, and a player can mix and match to create many combinations of styles and sounds. App Store Screenshot, Melody Jams Inc.   Google's new messaging app Allo has two main advantages: It has an "incognito mode" for extra security and it has Google's personal artificial intelligence assistant. (Named, rather straightforwardly, Google.) (Google via AP)   Hayley Tsukayama The Washington Post     Melody Jams In Melody Jams, kids can assemble a band of musical monsters. Each monster plays a different instrument, and a player can mix and match to create many combinations of styles and sounds. Players can get in on the action themselves, choosing an instrument and jamming along with the band as they see fit. The app comes with one free stage -- a garage jam session -- and players can join in with the gang on the piano, the xylophone or the drums. There admittedly isn't a whole lot to Melody Jams, but it packs a lot of fun in a very simple premise. It's not the app for kids looking to get a music composition education, since you essentially play with lots of loops. And because it doesn't have sharing options or ask for registration, it's a pretty low-risk app to download as well. There are in-app purchases -- for 99 cents players can get another stage on which to play, as well as some different instruments for the monster and kid musicians. Further updates and scenes are expected. Free, for iOS. Allo Google's new messaging app Allo has two main advantages: It has an "incognito mode" for extra security and it has Google's personal artificial intelligence assistant. (Named, rather straightforwardly, Google.) Conversations with the AI assistant itself will turn up suggestions for places to hang out that evening, give you weather forecasts and conduct your Google searches. The assistant also understands more conversational language, so you don't have to use an exact phrase to get what you want. When talking to friends, it will also suggest replies for you. Still, there are times when the assistant misses the mark -- it should get better over time but may frustrate some more than it helps. It is worth noting that Google originally promised that all conversations in the app would be de-identified, and therefore not stored on Google's servers. But the app that the firm released this week only offers that option for those starting chats in incognito mode, rather than all chats. That means that chats could be tied to individuals if Google is subpoenaed by the federal government. Free, for iOS and Android. Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Business Technology Digital Entertainment Washington Post Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Friday November 18 2016 6:06 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     A year of Alphabet: Great for Google, less so for moonshots October 01, 2016, 05:00 AM By Michael Liedtke The Associated SAN FRANCISCO — Reorganizing itself under the umbrella company Alphabet has done wonders for Google — but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons, which are suffering costly growing pains. A year after Alphabet took shape, Google’s revenue growth has accelerated — an unusual development for a company of its size. That success, however, also underscores Alphabet’s dependence on the fickle business of placing digital ads in core Google products like search, Gmail and YouTube video. As a result, it remains vulnerable to swings in marketing budgets and stiffening competition from another equally ambitious rival, Facebook. Alphabet was supposed to speed the process of turning offshoot businesses into new technological jackpots. CEO Larry Page predicted that separating these smaller “moonshots” from the massive search-and-advertising business would spur innovation by fostering a more entrepreneurial atmosphere. That hasn’t happened during Alphabet’s first year. MAKING THE SHIFT Until Page and fellow Google co-founder Sergey Brin created Alphabet (which turns 1 on Sunday), investors complained that Google was spending too much on high-risk efforts. New Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat, who joined Google in mid-2015, responded by reining in expenses to keep them more in line with revenue growth. A few months later, Page announced the plan to draw a dividing line between Google and the far-flung forays Alphabet now refers to as “Other Bets.” The mishmash includes smart-thermostat maker Nest; the Fiber project, a high-speed internet service; and X lab, where the company is building robotic cars and designing the stratospheric balloons designed to beam internet service to remote areas. Other “Other Bets” include the biotech firm Verily and medical-research firm Calico, which has been studying ways to stop aging. Alphabet also runs funds investing in startups and mid-sized companies. Page argued that fencing off Other Bets would make Google “even better through greater focus.” CORE SUCCESSES That part of Page’s vision appears to be panning out. After subtracting ad commissions, Alphabet’s second-quarter revenue jumped 22 percent from the previous year to $17.5 billion. It was the best performance in four years, adjusted for changes in currency exchange rates, says RBC analyst Mark Mahaney. Alphabet shares rose 25 percent over the past year, easily outpacing major market indexes. “Folks will be hard pressed to say that Alphabet hasn’t been a success,” S&P Global Market Intelligence analyst Scott Kessler says. Alphabet Inc. declined to comment on its first-year performance. But Sundar Pichai, who became Google’s CEO in the restructuring, told investors in July, “There is an amazing energy right now.” Among other things, Google has been making strides in the still-nascent field of artificial intelligence, hoping to create more convenient services that attract even more eyeballs for its advertisers. STALLED BETS But the demand for financial discipline and accountability appears to have taken a toll on Other Bets, which lose billions of dollars a year. Key leaders have defected from Alphabet’s high-profile self-driving car project and its Nest line of internet-connected devices. Alphabet also has scaled back plans to expand its Fiber service to dozens of U.S. cities. Creating a holding company also was supposed to make it easier to diversify through major acquisitions. But Alphabet’s biggest deal so far has been the $625 million purchase of a business software maker, Apigee Corp., which had annual revenue of just $92 million. Alphabet could make a much bigger splash if buys Twitter, as recent reports say it is considering. Twitter would give Alphabet a popular publishing outlet to monitor trends, mine data and sell even more ads. Alphabet declined to discuss whether it’s mulling a bid, which would be expensive; Twitter might fetch between $20 and $30 billion, despite its problems with user growth and online harassment. LOOKING BEYOND Google is doing so well that investors aren’t fixating on the losses with Other Bets, Kessler says. Only three Bets — Nest, Fiber and Verily — are generating even a smidgen of revenue. In nine months, the Other Bets companies have lost a combined $2.6 billion on revenue of $410 million. Another big loss is expected in the July-September quarter; the company reports results on Oct. 27. BGC analyst Colin Gillis still sees the gamble as prudent and expects at least one of the projects will come up with a breakthrough that lessens Alphabet’s dependence on Google. Optimism is fine as Google keeps growing at a robust rate. But Wall Street will likely ratchet up the pressure if the company falters and nothing emerges from Other Bets to help pick up the slack. ——— This story has been corrected to change spelling of first reference to a biotech firm to Verily instead of Verify.     Tags: alphabet, google, other, alphabet, revenue, which, Other stories from today: Stocks reverse recent losses as banks jump California opens pathway for cars that lack steering wheel SpaceX’s Elon Musk turns to science fiction for Mars ship     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Now that commercial crab season is open, do you plan to buy some? Yes, looking forward to it Already in line Soon Still worried about domoic acid Pass                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County help wanted  

Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Opposition wants PM Modi to reply, Govt hopes to buy time for cash crunch to ease Demonetisation: Kerala estate workers go without pay, owners warn of food crisis Let farmers buy seeds with old notes, says Agriculture Minister; Finance says no Demonetisation: Sharp surge in demand for card-swipe machines Roll back or face unrest: Arvind Kejriwal, Mamata Banerjee to Govt Marrakech Climate Change Conference: Global warming a matter of urgent priority Home World world news California lawmakers open pathway for self-driving cars California lawmakers open pathway for self-driving cars The new draft regulations released Friday include several other new provisions. Among them is wording that would prohibit advertising vehicles with lower levels of automation. By: AP | California | Published:October 1, 2016 5:40 pm Google employs a few dozen “safety drivers” that grab the steering wheel or hit the brakes on a fleet of robot cars that Google’s engineers are programming to navigate the roads without human assistance. (Source: AP Photo/File) California regulators have changed course and opened a pathway for the public to get self-driving cars of the future that lack a steering wheel or pedals. It’s not going to happen immediately — automakers and tech companies are still testing prototypes. But, in a shift, the state’s Department of Motor Vehicles said in a revision of draft regulations released late Friday that the most advanced self-driving cars would no longer be required to have a licensed driver if federal officials deem them safe enough. The redrafted regulations will be the subject of a public hearing Oct. 19 in Sacramento. The DMV has been wrestling for several years with how to oversee the emerging technology. In December, the agency released an initial draft of self-driving car regulations that required a licensed driver in any self-driving vehicle. The industry reacted with great disappointment, as the ultimate vision of many companies is a car that has no wheel or pedals. That approach is based on the argument that humans are not very good at driving, and anyway cannot be relied on as a backup to a car that typically drives itself but might fail in a way that required a person in the driver’s seat who might be distracted or even asleep to snap to attention. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened The DMV’s new document coincides with the release last week of a 112-page federal proposal under which any self-driving car should pass a 15-point safety assessment before the public can get ahold of it. Among other things, the safety assessment asks automakers to document how the car detects and avoids objects and pedestrians, how hardened it is against cyberattacks and what how its backup systems will cope should the software fail. In incorporating the federal approach, California dropped a proposal that a third-party company certify the safety of self-driving cars. The new draft regulations released Friday include several other new provisions. Among them is wording that would prohibit advertising vehicles with lower levels of automation _ such as Tesla Motors’ Autopilot, which on divided highways can keep a car’s lane, brake and accelerate on the understanding that a person is paying attention all the time _ from being advertised as “autonomous” or “self-driving.” The company that stands to gain the most from the state’s embrace of cars without a wheel or pedals is Alphabet, where the Google self-driving car project envisions cars that allow no human control other than a start and emergency stop button. A spokesman for the Google self-driving car project did not have a comment Friday on the changes to the proposed regulations. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation BusinessUse indelible ink in banks keeping in mind upcoming bypolls: EC writes to Finance Ministry IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters BusinessDemonetisation live updates: This is a required surgery done for a better India, says Venkaiah Naidu EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Byomkesh Bakshi to come in new avatar in Bengali sequel India to levy tax on investments from Cyprus from Apr 2017 From flats to stilettos: Exhibit explores what shoes reveal Australia vs South Africa: South Africa show solidarity with captain Faf du Plessis INS Chennai, among the largest indigenous destroyers, to be commissioned into Navy                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Google Work Apps Gain New Powers, But Microsoft Still Rules subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 10.01.16. 10.01.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Google Work Apps Gain New Powers, But Microsoft Still Rules Getty Images This week, Google retooled Google Apps for Work, signaling the company’s ever-deepening interest in the enterprise market. It makes sense: the opportunities for growth are enormous, as is the competition. Apple continues to leverage its partnership with IBM to muscle its way in. Facebook will reportedly soon launch its business-focused Facebook at Work. And Microsoft still reigns, thanks to its entrenched Office apps. To increase its enterprise stake, Google’s leveraging one of its key strengths: “G Suite,” as Apps for Work are now called, is infused with a bushel of new machine-intelligence perks. A feature called Quick Access in Google Drive on Android, for instance, uses interactions with your colleagues and your calendar to surface the files most relevant to you at any given time. Google Calendar now optimizes your meeting times based on when invitees are free, plus when you’ve historically preferred to have them. And in Google Sheets, you can interrogate the data in the Explore feature by typing anything in natural language into a simple search bar. But wait, you might ask: hasn’t Google long dabbled in this sort of advanced data-crunching, including in Google Apps? The short answer is yes. Machine learning has blocked spam in Gmail, suggested short, human-sounding responses to incoming emails in Inbox, and enabled voice typing in Google Docs. Artificial intelligence in general has a long and storied history at Google. You can see it in products that instantly translate languages on the fly to a system that beat the human champion in the ancient game of Go. Google isn’t quite doing anything radical here, says Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. “There’s not a huge overhaul [with G Suite],” he says. “Nothing changes overnight with a rebranding.” Even more crucially, the improvements Google has made still don’t measure up to Microsoft. Microsoft, King of Enterprise Yes, Microsoft still dominates enterprise apps. Even though your personal life may revolve around Google, it shouldn’t take long to think of when you last had to upload a file to a website with a *.doc or *.xls format. In a lot of ways, Microsoft Office seems ineradicable from our digital culture—even as other buzzy startups and services like Slack or Box or Trello are gaining traction. That’s not just anecdotal. According to Microsoft, one in seven people—or 1.2 billion in total—use Office today. And its strength is in more than just numbers. It’s also still far more feature-packed. “[Google’s G Suite] is still much smaller than Microsoft Office, and the Microsoft Office suite is still far more capable overall,” Dawson says. “If you need more advanced functionality, it’s quite likely that the G Suite won’t do the trick for you.” Dawson points out that while coworkers might start off using Google Docs to collaborate on writing, say, a press release, it’s Microsoft that still has the advanced templates and formatting functionalities required when it comes time to actually send it out. Related Stories Apple Proves Again That It’s Turning Into a Modern-Day IBM Now Google AI Can Help You Plan a Vacation Office 2016 Is Microsoft’s Best Hope to Show It’s Changed Of course, Google’s not without its own footholds. More than one billion users access Gmail monthly. It’s convenient for them to use the suite of apps Google has already attached to their email address, says Vanessa Thompson, research director for enterprise social networks at market industry firm IDC. Plus, as Dawson points out, increasingly popular Chromebooks have these apps built into the machines. Last year, Google Chromebooks accounted for more than half of all devices sold into US classrooms. Three years before, their share was less than 1 percent. That’s a whole lot of youngsters growing up as users of G suite, who may want to continue using the apps when they finally reach working age. Still, Google’s a long way from challenging Microsoft’s dominance, however many fancy new features or adolescent fans it acquires For one, as Thompson says, Google hasn’t found the same strategic partnerships with the likes of IBM, Salesforce, Oracle, and Adobe that other traditionally consumer-focused tech companies have. “Getting your work done in the context of where you need to be is very important,” she says. Meanwhile, integrations like Microsoft Office and Salesforce’s CRM (customer relationship management) software, means users don’t have to fret about switching back and forth between apps. Not to mention, Microsoft infuses its products with machine learning too. Its new Tell Me feature, released in the latest version of Office, is a text field that allows for natural language searching, while its email app learns your habits and figures out which email matters to you the most. Microsoft even recently added online document collaboration. Innovation runs both directions. Ultimately, Dawson says, machine intelligence doesn’t matter as much to users as practical benefits. “Yes, there’s a lot of talk about AI,” he says. “But where the rubber hits the road is: do these features actually help people in daily life?” It’s neat if Google can predict what document you’d most likely want to work on now. But sometimes, knowing your way around mail merge matters more. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. enterprise g suite google Google Apps Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Security America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future 1 day A Lot of Actors Suck at Accents. Not Idris Elba! Movies A Lot of Actors Suck at Accents. Not Idris Elba! 24 hours This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home Apps This New iPad App Makes Futuristic 3-D Scans of Your Home 1 day Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference maps Every Single Name on This Entrancing Map Is a Music Reference 1 day Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy WIRED Opinion Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy 3 hours Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI Chips Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI 2 hours NES Classic Is a Hit. So Where Does Nintendo Go From Here? Gaming NES Classic Is a Hit. So Where Does Nintendo Go From Here? 1 day Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary Artificial Intelligence Woah, Google’s AI Is Really Good at Pictionary 2 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Chips Intel Looks to a New Chip to Power the Coming Age of AI 2 hours WIRED Opinion Your Filter Bubble is Destroying Democracy 3 hours Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 social media HeartMob’s Volunteers Crack the Trollish Eggs of Twitter 2 days Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 11.15.16 autonomous vehicles So, Nobody Knows How Much Self-Driving Cars Will Pollute 39 mins We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours Why you can't start your car with 8 AAA batteries instead of one 12 volt car battery: bit.ly/2f9m1v9 Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Games Games Accessories Handheld Mobile Games Nintendo PC Gaming More PlayStation Toys VR Xbox Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / VR News / Google's Tilt Brush VR paint game to get multiplayer Google's Tilt Brush VR paint game to get multiplayer by Joe Roberts 01 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Virtual reality is here, and although it's yet to truly hit the mainstream, progress is constantly being made. This week HTC announced its new Viveport VR app store for non-gaming focused virtual experiences, and now we've learned of another small but exciting development. Google's Tilt Brush paint game, available on Steam for the HTC Vive, allows users to create large-scale 3D paintings in an open space, and now it's getting multiplayer. The game has spawned several art exhibits, and has been consistently improved since launching in 2014, but multiplayer has always been conspicuously lacking. Related: Best VR headset Google made the announcement that the feature is in the works in a blog post, which details how the new mode will allow users to "share ideas, draw and create with others — in the same place in real time." In practice, each player will be represented by a floating headset icon, which should keep the focus on the painting rather than the people. You will have the ability to decorate each other's headsets, so we can't imagine players won't spend inordinate amounts of time drawing moustaches on each other, and perhaps some less flattering items. And there's some further features coming to Google's creative VR platform, such as the ability to make crude animations by adding items to a wheel and spinning it. There's also a new portal brush, which will allow you to see the real world around you using the Vive's camera. Google has only announced these features, including multiplayer, are in the works and hasn't said exactly when they will arrive. But stay tuned for more in the near future. WATCH: Trusted Explains – Virtual Reality Let us know if you're excited for multiplayer in Tilt Brush in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Bugblatter October 1, 2016, 5:17 pm This is one of the most popular things I've used on my Vive, everybody who's tried it has loved it. Multiplayer sounds like a great addition. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Trending: Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools 12 steps to lower your espionage risk More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Robotics Opinion Why the future of package delivery is better than drones A drone alone can't make 'last-mile' home delivery scale. But robots can. Here's how. By Mike Elgan | Follow Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | Oct 1, 2016 4:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Instead of trucks on the road or drones in the sky, the Starship Technologies delivery robot boosts safety and efficiency by sticking to the sidewalks. Credit: Starship Technologies More like this Mercedes-Benz to make drone-equipped electric delivery vans for online orders Autonomous delivery bots will soon stroll D.C. streets 6 reasons why enterprise drones are on course Video Mingis on Tech: From superfast SSDs to Bluetooth locks and solar shingles Remember WebVan? The grocery delivery startup was considered "high-tech" because you could order groceries on a website and have them delivered. A darling of the late '90s dot-com boom, WebVan ultimately failed, becoming a poster child for the dot-com bust (the company went bankrupt in 2001) and a cautionary tale about the perils of so-called "last-mile" delivery -- the link in the supply chain that brings products to consumers. Delivery is expensive and inefficient. Unlike most parts of the supply chain, the last mile doesn't scale, especially when a human employee drives a big car to bring one product to one consumer. The "last mile" is ripe for disruption. But how? Companies like Google and Amazon are trying. Google Express picks up goods at stores and delivers them to homes using route-optimization algorithms. Google Express competes against Amazon's AmazonFresh grocery delivery service, which costs a whopping $299 per year -- and that's from a company famous for free delivery of regular packages. (AmazonFresh is for groceries and should not be confused with recent reports that Amazon is working on its own shipping service for nongrocery packages to compete with FedEx and UPS.) Peapod, Fresh Direct, Whole Foods and others are also trying to make grocery delivery work. But none of these companies has really solved the last-mile delivery problem. It's still too slow and expensive. So what's the solution? Drones, right? When Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos revealed his company's drone initiative on 60 minutes in 2013, the world was incredulous. Since then, Google and other tech companies, along with Wal-Mart and other retailers as well as numerous delivery companies like UPS, have unveiled drone-delivery experiments, plans and trials. So the public can be forgiven for believing that the future of last-mile delivery is all about drones. But drones don't scale: They can't fly that far, can't carry that much and need to have their batteries recharged frequently. While drones are great for bringing high-value items (like medicine) to remote places, they're not great for everyday deliveries. The good news is that last-mile delivery can, in fact, scale. Several companies are already testing and showcasing technologies that could make that happen. The rolling drone-base idea Auto giant Mercedes-Benz recently rolled out a delivery concept that combines truck and drone delivery with robotic in-truck warehousing. Mercedes' so-called Vision Van, which was created in partnership with a drone startup called Matternet, is an all-electric warehouse on wheels. Two internal racks, which are loaded with packages in the warehouse, are placed in the van. A robotic system grabs the right package based on the next delivery and hands it to the driver through a window while he's still in the driver's seat. Alternatively, the robot system can push the package through a window in the ceiling and into the "arms" of one of two rooftop drones, which then delivers the package to the customer's backyard. This enables faster delivery to homes that are far from the road, and makes it possible for two or three packages to be delivered at once (one by the driver and two by the drones). Another use for the drone port is to deliver a package to the driver that was ordered for same-day delivery after the driver left the warehouse. The robotic in-van warehousing system increases efficiency and cuts down on errors, theoretically. The launching of the drones from vans, rather than from the warehouse, cuts way down on the battery problem. Taken further, you could imagine the rolling drone-base idea leading to large trucks rolling into neighborhoods and then dispatching a fleet of drones, delivery bots and humans to deliver many packages at once. The self-driving ice chest idea An Estonian company called Starship Technologies makes a robot that looks like an ice chest on wheels for delivering packages and food autonomously or semi-autonomously. Starship co-founder Ahti Heinla, who was one of the original creators of Skype, told me that his delivery robot is inherently safe because it's light and slow (4 mph) and has software that causes it to get out of the way and stop when pedestrians are close. It's also safe because the robot is supervised remotely by humans, who can take over if the robot can't manage. In 8,000 miles of testing, the robots have "encountered" more than 1 million pedestrians and haven’t injured anyone, according to Heinla. Related: Robotics Emerging Technology Computer Hardware Retail IT 1 2 Page 1 Next 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Go Top Stories Research chip modeled after the brain aims to bring smarts to computers The dream of creating intelligent computers has inspired the development of exotic chips based on the... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Last chance to take our IT Salary Survey! Computerworld's 2017 IT Salary Survey is closing soon; take it now and enter to win one of three $500... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Mobile & Tabs Google Pixel XL 3D renders confirm design and dimensions ahead of launch Google Pixel XL 3D renders confirm design and dimensions ahead of launch Google Pixel and Pixel XL's leaked renders confirm 7.3 mm thick unibody design with a dual tone metal and glass design By: Tech Desk | Updated: October 3, 2016 8:04 pm Google is all set to announce Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, the successors to Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P at the big stage (Source: OnLeaks/Twitter) Now that Apple iPhone 7 is turning almost a month old device, it sets stage for Google to show off its own hardware. Google has already confirmed its ‘Made by Google’ event for October 4 and it is certainly going to be an hardware feast. Google is all set to announce Pixel and Pixel XL smartphones, the successors to Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P at the big stage. Earlier rumours and leaked images hinted at the design of Pixel range and now we have our best look yet at what Google’s hardware might look like. Steve Hemmerstoffer, who goes by the name of Onleaks on Twitter, has leaked renders of Pixel XL smartphone revealing the dimensions and design language. WATCH VIDEO: Google Pixel Leaks: Here’s What Is Out So Far  The 360 degree renders revealed by OnLeaks leave nothing for us to imagine. The images tweeted by OnLeaks confirm the previously rumoured dual tone design. According to Android Authority, Google Pixel will measure 143.85 mm x 65.9 mm x 7.3 mm in terms of dimensions while the large Pixel XL is reported to have dimensions – 154.7 mm x 75.7 mm x 7.3 mm. The report claims both the smartphones will measure 7.3 mm at their thinnest point thick and 8.5 mm at their thickest point. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened Google Pixel is reported to feature a 5-inch display while Pixel XL gets a larger 5.5-inch display. Both Pixel and Pixel XL will be powered by Qualcomm’s Snapdragon 821 processor coupled with 4GB RAM and at least 32GB storage. Google Pixel and Pixel XL will run Android 7.1 Nougat with new feature enhancements. Also Read: Google Pixel and Pixel XL launch on October 4: End of Nexus, Pixel launcher and more The design shows a rear fingerprint scanner like last year’s Nexus lineup and a combination of metal and glass rear panel. The smartphone is rumoured to feature IPX3 certification, meaning they will be just safe from drop in water but not completely water resistant. Google Pixel is likely to feature a 2,770mAh battery while Pixel XL will get a bigger 3,450mAh battery. Google is also likely to introduce new Pixel launcher, with emphasis on faster access and tweaked out icons. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation BusinessUse indelible ink in banks keeping in mind upcoming bypolls: EC writes to Finance Ministry IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters BusinessDemonetisation live updates: This is a required surgery done for a better India, says Venkaiah Naidu EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Byomkesh Bakshi to come in new avatar in Bengali sequel India to levy tax on investments from Cyprus from Apr 2017 From flats to stilettos: Exhibit explores what shoes reveal Australia vs South Africa: South Africa show solidarity with captain Faf du Plessis INS Chennai, among the largest indigenous destroyers, to be commissioned into Navy                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Zulo.ca Opens New Toronto Office   View as PDF  Print View    Zulo.ca is now offering SEO services to the city of Toronto. The company, already located in the neighboring cities of Oakville and Mississauga, has now opened a new Toronto office. Toronto ON - September 29, 2016 /MarketersMedia/ -- Zulo.ca is pleased to announce the opening of a new office in the city of Toronto. The firm's expansion is attributed to the results it has been providing to their clients. Businesses today recognize the need to have a visible presence on the online, even if they do not sell online. Much of the searching for products, services and information today is done by using Google and other search engines. Dominating Google brings more customers to a business and Zulo.ca has a proven track record of helping their clients increase their online presence. The Google domination strategy is to cover the entire first page of results. This approach is most likely to increase the market presence and bring in more targeted customers. Zulo helps customers reach the most profitable bottom line. An SEO company that pays for itself in measurable ways is the best approach for each client served. Daily, weekly and monthly reports are a way of documenting the value which Zulo brings to each client. The firm begins a project for each client with a full measure of research. The competitors of the client, the techniques which they use and an analysis of the source of the competitors' internet leads are studied in order to develop a plan that is customized and effective. Each client receives a thorough plan based on measurable results, return on investment and exposure of the brand. The full-range plans incorporate cutting-edge techniques that most SEO agencies are not aware of. The next step is to execute the plan. The company has a team of professionals who ensure that each customer's plan is fully executed. The execution is not a one-time-only action, but an ongoing process to keep clients at the top of the search engine rankings. Regular, on-going maintenance is performed to change techniques as required. For more information, please visit http://zulo.ca/toronto/seo/ Contact Info: Name: Adam Zulo Organization: Zulo.ca Address: 75 Saint Nicholas St., Toronto ON Phone: 1 (866) 985-6736 Source: http://zulo.ca/ Release ID: 135225 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Dmitry Druzhinsky - On Expanding Recreational Infrastructure of Brooklyn (Fri 18th Nov 16) New Garden Sculpture for Sculpture Lovers And Designers from Adam Christopher (Fri 18th Nov 16) Wireless Power Receiver Market Global Key Vendors, Manufacturers, Suppliers and Analysis Market Report 2022 (Fri 18th Nov 16) New Media Crisis Training Course Launched 17 November 2016 (Fri 18th Nov 16) Business Intelligence and Analytics Software Market 2016 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Fri 18th Nov 16) Advanced Energy Storage System Market 2016 Global Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2021 (Fri 18th Nov 16) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Internet Google Maps for Android updated with OK Google support: Full list of voice commands OK Google can be used to do a variety of things, apart from navigation. Rahul R   October 1, 2016 16:19 IST Google Maps for Android updated with 'OK Google' support: Full list of important voice commandsGoogle Google Maps for your Android device have now been updated to feature OK Google along with a host of other commands. This feature was demanded for a long time by a majority of Google Android's vast user base. Now, with the addition of this functionality, Android users have lots to cheer about as far as navigation is concerned. With the latest update, you can make Google Now take notice of your queries by just saying ''OK Google''. You can try out voice commands such as "Ok Google, find fuel stations" and ''OK Google, what is the traffic like'' to get real time updates with regard to current conditions. You can tap the circle to cancel an ongoing command. If, for some reason, you want to use a non-hands-free alternative to saying "Ok Google", tap the microphone and simply say "Find nearest fuel stations." Why advertise with us? Related Google's October 4 event now potentially set to witness Pixel convertible tablets running Andromeda out of the box Google's bonanza for smartphone users stuck on 2G networks: Customised Google Play Store, Wait for Wi-Fi and more To leverage the functionality, navigate to Settings and OK Google. Then select 'While Driving' option that allows you to say ''OK Google'' during navigation while using Google Maps. You can also choose to activate ''Always on'' to be able to use OK Google from anywhere within your Android smartphone. The latest enhancement also lets you use OK Google to monitor current traffic conditions; just say "Show traffic" and you will be presented with the latest traffic condition. You can also choose to avoid toll roads; for this, just say "OK Google, Avoid toll." "If you want to add a little fun to your drive, you can say "Play some jazz", "Send a text", or maybe even "Call mom"," state folks at Google. Check out some important commands, below, which you can use to test OK Google to the maximum: Directions and travel "Mute." or "Mute voice guidance." "Unmute." or "Unmute voice guidance." "Show traffic." or "Hide traffic." "Show satellite." or "Hide satellite." "Navigate home." or "Navigate to Starbucks." "Show route overview." or "Show alternate routes." "What road is this?" "What's my next turn?" "What's my ETA?" "How's traffic ahead?" or "How's traffic to home?" "Avoid tolls." or "Enable tolls." "Avoid highways." or "Enable highways." "Avoid ferries." or "Enable ferries." "Exit navigation." Generalised "Call Mom." "Find gas stations." or "Find restaurants." "Send a text to Larry." or "Send an SMS to Sergey, I'm feeling lucky." "What's the weather like?" or "How's the weather in Seattle?" "Play some jazz." or "Play happy birthday on Google Play Music." "What's the closest hotel?" "When's my next meeting?". Quick Links Android Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Android 7.0 Nougat update schedule for Samsung Galaxy S7: Galaxy Note 7, Note 5, Galaxy S6 may follow 24 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Can Moto Z Play beat Xiaomi Mi 5 and Google Nexus 5X in Indian market? 38 minutes ago By Raymond Ronamai Editor's Pick US suspends Syria ceasefire agreement with Russia Pope Francis calls gender identity classes in schools 'war against marriage' Why advertise with us? most popular Flipkart Big Billion Day: You might lose huge money if you don't follow these tips Simple ways to beat impulse buying. There might be other websites offering products at better prices or better deals. Reliance Jio unlimited 4G data, free calls violates TRAI rules; probe ordered TRAI says that the concerns raised by telecom majors would be examined after looking into Jio's tariffs. Flipkart Big Billion Days sale (2016): Top smartphone deals you should not miss Flipkart is also giving away gift vouchers and additional cash discounts via exchange deal on Samsung, Apple, Motorola and other phones. Moto Z, Z Play to debut in India on October 4 In addition to the Moto Z and the Z Play, the company is also expected to launch photography-centric Moto Mod accessory Hasselblad True Zoom on Tuesday. Samsung Galaxy On8 released in India via Flipkart As part of Flipkart's Big Billion Days sale, prospective buyers of Samsung Galaxy On8 stand a chance to get additional cash discounts. Amazon Prime best offers: iPhone 6s available at Rs. 29,999, iPhone 5s at Rs. 17,999; when and how to buy Amazon Prime members can avail several other benefits such as priority delivery and early access to lightning deals. List of Samsung smartphones expected in Q4 2016 Samsung will release a few devices like Galaxy A5 (2017), Galaxy A7 (2017), and Galaxy C5 Pro before the end of the year. Moto Z series India launch live stream: How to watch the Motorola event on smartphone and PCs Moto Z India launch event is scheduled to kick-off at 12 pm in New Delhi. Photo Gallery Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls Check out Sivakarthikeyan's Remo Memes and Trolls. Jyothika at director Bramma' new movie sets Photos of South Indian Actress Jyothika at director Bramma Movie Shooting Spot. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple MTV made music videos cool. Technology will make them epic Keith Nelson Jr. Digital TrendsOctober 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Video never really killed the radio star, but it seemed like things might be heading that way when Micheal Jackson joined a zombie flash dance for the 13-minute epic that was the Thriller music video. Its 1983 debut made millions of music fans realize music videos could be an event —  mini-movies that brought artists into your living room; no concert ticket or an album purchase required. Music videos had become the currency of cool when a television network dedicated entirely to showing music videos, MTV, debuted in 1981 and managed to amass 22 million viewers while inspiring dozens of imitators. In the 1990s, music videos became so ubiquitous in popular culture that record labels shelled out over $1 million dollars on music video production no less than 22 times. Times have changed, though. Once-popular music video countdown shows, which provided millions of people curated music video lists daily, have all but gone extinct. Only 17 music videos over the past 16 years got the $1 million budget treatment, which pales in comparison to the 1990s playground which saw rappers transmogrifying from liquid and the Jackson family exploring space. “MTV, play more damn videos,” Justin Timberlake famously quipped as he accepted his award for Best Male Artist acceptance speech at the 2007 MTV Video Music Awards. “We don’t want to see The Simpsons on reality television.”  Indeed, the music video is no longer en vogue, but it’s not dead either, just changing shape. Social media, interactivity and even virtual reality are all being used to revive and reinvigorate the art form. Turning 90 degrees toward the future In late June, Drake’s 23-year-old R&B crooner PartyNextDoor wanted to do something cool with the release of his music video for his song Come and See Me, featuring Kylie Jenner. Instead of turning to MTV, YouTube or even Facebook, he turned to Snapchat.  Come and See Me premiered in Snapchat’s Discovery tab, a coveted space usually reserved for media partners such as ESPN and Vice. Tyler Henry, PartyNextDoor’s 23-year-old manager, dreamed up the plan after watching Snapchat’s dramatic rise. “I remember Instagram taking time. I remember everything taking its time to become a phenomenon, but Snapchat just immediately grew,” Henry told Digital Trends. “I was always thinking in the back of my head ‘Wow, I imagine a next big step for them is to figure out how to get into music. Whether it’s premiering stuff or putting out songs or ads.'” He approached a few University of South Carolina college friends, who now work on Snapchat’s partnership team, about premiering a music video on Snapchat. They agreed, but wanted the music video to fit the medium. In the realm of smartphones, vertical is king. Receive a text, take a selfie, dial a number, or even search for Pokemon and you are more than likely doing all of this, instinctively, with your camera in the vertical position. As a result of this habit, vertical video — portrait mode — is becoming the default way video is consumed on mobile. Social media powerhouses Snapchat and Instagram won’t even let users flip the video to landscape mode. “Snapchat wanted us to shoot the video vertically as well as shooting our own version of the video, horizontally,” Come and See Me director Adrian Martinez told Digital Trends. “They even gave us a pre-made vertical cam rig that you turn the camera on its side and be able to shoot it that way.” That presented a problem that could not be easily dressed up with Snapchat filters. Logistically, shooting every scene twice would have added an extra day to the two day shoot. They decided to shoot the video once, and edit a vertical version for Snapchat. Normally, when editing widescreen video to fit a smaller screen, the video is put in between two thick black lines known as “letterboxes.” Martinez shot PartyNextDoor’s Come and See Me video with an ARRI Alexa camera using anamorphic lenses, which gives videos the super widescreen look and blurs out the background. “I had to expand the video to like 370 percent,” Martinez said. “I was kind of scared I was going to lose resolution, mess up the footage, and get it all pixelated.” He worked until the very last moment making sure it looked right. “That video released on Snapchat 7 a.m. on Thursday, and we were up until 4 a.m. on the phone with [Snapchat] still making sure that everything was right.” Read More Being able to edit a music video hours before its worldwide premier is one luxury MTV never afforded. Analytics are another. After the debut, Party and his team were able to see the number of times the video story was clicked on, played, and who fully watched the video, similar to other video hosting sites. Henry did not divulge specific viewership stats, but says both Party’s team and Snapchat were pleased with the results, noting Snapchat told him “It was very, very successful for them.” Facebook struck back with its own unique first: French DJ and producer Klingande used Facebook to live stream the music video for Somewhere New. The video features two people traveling through a multitude of scenes, but it’s all shot in one take. While the filming only lasted the 3.5-minute duration of the song, the crew planned “for months to get the right lighting, dancing, the right queues, projection, balloons, etc,” according to producer Marcus Lindgren. A few thousand people watched live, but it has since amassed more than 175,000 views on Facebook at the time of publication. Now Vevo, the online video platform dedicated to music videos and mostly owned by Sony and Universal, has joined the game with a new music video player for smartphones which presents every video in portrait mode. With Vevo boasting more than 200 million daily active users on mobile, portrait mode will become the default manner in which we consume music videos. The next generation of music video consumers are spending more time on social media than sleeping, and nearly half of all of the time Americans spend consuming digital video occurs on mobile devices. With more than two billion people in the world on social media — roughly 650 million on Snapchat and Instagram, daily — the music video will never look the same again. Interactive Around the same time Justin Timberlake was pleading to MTV for more ‘M’ and less ‘TV’, Vincent Morisset was ready to film in the future. “It was at this specific moment in time where MTV was slowly dying, it was just reality TV and no music videos,” Morisset told Digital Trends. “YouTube was starting to be the place where kids were watching music videos but the quality wasn’t great.” So, when indie rock upstart Arcade Fire asked him to direct a music video for the group’s 2007 seminal album Neon Bible, he decided to make waves instead of drifting in the tide. “I told the band: Imagine you’re watching the news or a film and the actor or the person telling the news is turning to you on your couch,” Morisset said. “Something that feels like a video but that is reacting to what you’re doing.” He was imagining the an interactive music video, and the video for Neon Bible’s title track would be the world’s first. “I approached the project as some kind of homage to [George] Melies,” referring to the 20th century pioneer of such visual effects as time-lapse photography. “I don’t know if ‘music video’ is still a relevant way to describe it.” Once the website loads you are met with “Neon Bible” in large letters, flickering light against a dark backdrop, as the song almost immediately plays. You can tap on the letters to make their light flicker. The letters then vanish and you are met with the face of Arcade Fire front man Win Butler and hands below him ready to be manipulated. You could place the cursor over Win’s face and it would disappear into the black, leaving just his lips and a trail of lyrics forming from smoke as the lyrics are sung. You can click on his hands, individually, and at certain points in the video they’ll reveal cards. At some points during the video, clicking on his hands makes them shoot out rain that fills as you keep his hands open and does not disappear when you stop, it stays there. This adds a sense of permanence to your actions; creating the illusion that you, and not the pre-recorded motions, control the experience you are watching. The end result may have been visually innovative, but was created with relatively inexpensive means. Morisset filmed Butler singing the song in front of a black sheet and another actor performing a series of simple hand motions that Morisset could later “assemble like a Lego set.” With hundreds of actions recorded, the true innovation came in the way Morisset assembled enough actions to satiate both the engaged viewer who will click everything at a rapid pace to get the full experience, and the more passive viewer who will only click when something sparks their interest. Just five years before Neon Bible, both of those viewers would be confined to watching the same music video the same way. For Morisset, Neon Bible was more than a new technique for film-making, it “established some kind of a grammar of non-linear editing.” In the first six years following Neon Bible, Morisset went on to make seven more interactive films including two more music videos for Arcade Fire. Sprawl II, released in 2011, let viewers control the movements of the actors in the video by moving around in front of their computer’s webcam or clicking on the screen. The 2013 interactive video for Reflektor took the technique a step further by allowing viewers to move a cell phone in front of their computer’s webcam and adjust the effects used in the video. In 2009, Google began Chrome Experiments, an initiative to demonstrate the visual capabilities of Javascript and the Google Chrome browser. Arcade Fire were the first to create an interactive music video for their song We Used To Wait, a collaboration between Google Creative Lab and Within founder Chris Milk. Twenty-two more interactive music videos were created through Chrome Experiments in the last six years alone. In March 2015, YouTube began hosting videos shot in 360 degrees. Later that year, Facebook began supporting 360-degree video embeds. That same week, Dutch artist Noa Neal’s released Graffiti, the first 360-degree music video on YouTube, and has since racked up more than 1.3 million views. Interactive music videos feel like you are watching a music video you are customizing for yourself, in real time. With YouTube and Facebook giving creatives a platform to expose interactive videos to millions, the physical past of music may soon find harmony with its digital present and future. “Music needs it’s own world,” Morisset said. “Since we lost the booklet/artwork, the web and whatever platform took that place in that relationship between narrative visuals in music.” Virtual reality A rapper standing still in front of a black background reciting lyrics is not visually engaging. Watching El-P from rap group Run the Jewels do the same thing in virtual reality, as if he were in the room with you, recounting selling cocaine to a pregnant woman, is enough to bring some viewers to tears. That is a sliver of what thousands experienced when they slipped on a Google Cardboard and clicked on the Crown VR music video filmed in virtual reality by VR studio Wevr. Interactive and virtual reality music videos go hand in hand in some respects. Like the technically simplistic yet visually complex Neon Bible interactive video, the video shoot for Crown was relatively quick, lasting roughly five hours.  The director, Peter Martin, was foreign to making virtual reality music videos before Crown, just as Morissett was before he started a new genre of music videos with Neon Bible. But, when dark clouds begin forming in pitch black sky around you as the menacing, marching drums of Crown trample upon your eardrums, you can feel the difference between VR music videos and 2D interactive ones. “We thought the visual art form of music was becoming dead and tired in the current form,” Wevr founder Anthony Batt told Digital Trends. “What VR gave you was that presence and that closeness you could never have when you’re watching on TV or YouTube.” According to Batt, it was a RED camera with a special lens that Martin used to help Run the Jewels achieve their goal of making you “feel like you’re standing in a black void.” “I think in terms of story telling the project opens up a whole new genre,” Martin explained in a Wevr’s blog post regarding Crown. “This idea that you can have multiple stories going on, multiple angles of the same narrative, all running in parallel.” In the embryonic stages of VR music videos, Wevr is developing into one of the premiere production studios. Directors have spun out from this company to work on virtual-reality music videos, including Tyler Hurd, who turned a seven-year old Future Island song — Old Friend — into a three-minute psychedelic animated music video for the HTC Vive. In the Old Friend experience, you are surrounded by colorful creatures dancing around as you use the Vive’s controllers to manipulate a pair of rubber hands and use your actions in real life to dance to the synth-heavy song in VR. The experience was featured at this year’s Tribeca Film Festival and has started an industry-wide conversation on VR spurring a music video renaissance. Batt said Wevr have been in contact with a number of music artists about potential collaborations, including Danger Mouse and Reggie Watts. Watts and Wevr’s collaboration, a 12-minute comedy and sci-fi journey called Waves, was a 2016 Sundance Film Institute selection. The next collaboration, Particles, recently went into production. Paying to play VR has the highest potential for immersion, and the steepest entry hurdle. The five major virtual reality headsets — Oculus Rift, Samsung Gear VR, Google Cardboard, HTC Vive, and PlayStation VR — all have different costs, technical abilities and requirements. The Vive and Rift deliver the clearest images with a 1080p resolution per eye compared to Google Cardboard, but both need expensive computers and room space to use them. As a result, directors, such as Hurd, who invest a considerable amount of time creating these virtual worlds, are deciding to put their work on the platform that displays it the best, regardless of access. “People are like, ‘Oh yeah, I’ve seen VR, I tried a Cardboard,’ and it’s like — no, no you have not,” Hurd told The Verge. “I don’t want people to see the mobile version of this and think that they’ve experienced it completely.” You think paying for two music streaming subscriptions to listen to Beyoncé and Frank Ocean is bad? Imagine having to buy thousands of dollars in equipment just to make sure you catch all the latest VR music videos. The hardware limitations are only compounded when you enter a music industry trying to make up for a decade of revenue lost to illegal file sharing and YouTube. Record labels fork over the money for artists to make, promote, and sell music in exchange for ownership of the rights to the artist’s music, so they’re cagey about opening the checkbook when the return on investment is questionable. Music videos were, and still are, promotional tools for record labels to help bolster single and album sales. No one had a problem spending millions of dollars on music videos when  they were selling millions of CDs priced at $15 each. Those glory days of the record industry are now capitalistic wet dreams, so creativity comes at a premium. “Record labels have been traditionally scared and non-creative when it comes to new technologies,” Batt said. “It’s limited creative for years. They’re very risk adverse.” Alternative R&B artist The Weeknd, Bjork, and Foals all have music released VR music videos in the last year using music distributed by either Universal Music Group, Sony Music Entertainment, or Warner Music Group. But attempts at a large scale VR push by record labels have been delayed at best and abandoned at worst. In 2014, Vevo was ready to spearhead music videos entering virtual reality. Two years, and a new CEO later, the same company that left its 24/7 music video TV ambitions now believes “going headfirst into the VR game would be interesting, but distracting,” according to new CEO Erik Huggers. In 2016, Universal Music Group started partnering with iHeartMedia to produce upwards of 10 VR experiences, with one planned for every iHeartMedia event. While iHeartMedia contended the company was working on bringing at least one VR experience to the annual, two-day iHeartRadio Music Festival, nothing was announced in the weeks leading up to the event. The absence of any at April’s iHeartRadio Music Awards does not bode well for UMG and iHeartMedia’s VR ambitions. “[Virtual reality in music videos] could become a niche if the record labels don’t come around to it,” Batt said. “When YouTube moves forward, the record labels go ‘Oh my God, if I make this 360 VR video, it could work on Facebook, it can work on YouTube and the headsets.” Batt thinks “If [the record labels] were smart, they could own that music distribution for VR.” It’s not out of the question: Vevo, after all, was co-founded by two major record labels as YouTube was beginning to dominate all music video consumption and record labels were pulling videos from the site because the labels were dissatisfied with the compensation. Batt sees the most desirable future for VR as one where one company delivers the ubiquitous VR device that everyone from your kid sister to your grandmother would love to use. “It’s really about hardware for the consumer to get access to,” Batt explained. “So, we need Apple or some sort of iOS, really great virtual reality device to come to the market.” For now, Google’s VR program — Google Daydream — is working to make hundreds of millions of Android phones VR-ready over then the next three years, and iPhones are now able to shoot 360-degree video using the Google Cardboard Camera. Cameras such as the Sphericam 2, which records spherical video in crisp 4K resolution could open the door for an influx of professional grade, amateur-made music videos. The gatekeepers of mass VR adoption are loosening the locks. The price of hardware matters. The rise of YouTube coincided with the precipitous decline in digital camera prices and Apple introducing Macbooks with built-in webcams, which made creating content as easy as pressing a button. Independent artists, who previously did not have the financial means to shoot a professional music video let alone get it placed on TV, could now film a high-definition music video and have it viewed by millions, without a record label, for a fraction of what it cost just a decade ago. Don’t forget that preeminent pop star Justin Bieber was discovered as a teenager when his YouTube videos garnered millions of views. With the number of virtual reality headsets expected to increase by nearly 400 percent and nearly half of all adults using the internet either interested in, or experienced with, virtual reality, you will be able to feel like you are living in Katy Perry’s Teenage Dream, instead of just watching it. Music videos may evolve past the TV screen, but the ubiquity of the visual aesthetic in popular culture ensures their immortality. Directors such as Spike Jonze and Hiro Murai have made music videos for internationally revered artists such as Kanye West, Daft Punk, Childish Gambino, and Queens of the Stone Age. Now, Jonze is the co-president of a TV network, Viceland, featuring programming which are imbued with his hyper stylized and frenetically delivered look, exhibited in music videos like Drop by Hip Hop group Pharcyde. Murai went from directing fourth wall-bending music videos like Sweatpants by Childish Gambino to being the sole director for FX’s Atlanta, the first TV series from Gambino’s real-life persona Donald Glover. The intermixing of surrealism and daily minutia in the show paired with scenes framed by music is a trait of his music videos that have now helped Atlanta garner historic levels of attention. In the future, you may be able to control Beyoncé as she drenches you in Lemonade. In the future, you may be saying Hello right beside Adele. In the future, you may be able to see Lady Gaga make her Perfect Illusion live. In the future, the music video will be an event, MTV or not. Triller is more than a music video app — it’s now a social network too Vevo hits reboot, previews new features, teases subscription service Streaming of music outpaces video in first half of 2016 — and not by a little Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Russia has now officially blocked LinkedIn BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Self-driving cars: California opens pathway for cars that lack steering wheel Self-driving cars: California opens pathway for cars that lack steering wheel The company that stands to gain the most from the state's embrace of cars without a wheel or pedals is Alphabet By: AP | Updated: October 1, 2016 4:12 pm Google self-driving car project envisions cars that allow no human control other than a start and emergency stop button (Source: Google) California regulators have changed course and opened a pathway for the public to get self-driving cars of the future that lack a steering wheel or pedals. It’s not going to happen immediately _ automakers and tech companies are still testing prototypes. But, in a shift, the state’s Department of Motor Vehicles said in a revision of draft regulations released late Friday that the most advanced self-driving cars would no longer be required to have a licensed driver if federal officials deem them safe enough.  The redrafted regulations will be the subject of a public hearing Oct. 19 in Sacramento. The DMV has been wrestling for several years with how to oversee the emerging technology. Watch all our tech videos below In December, the agency released an initial draft of self-driving car regulations that required a licensed driver in any self-driving vehicle. The industry reacted with great disappointment, as the ultimate vision of many companies is a car that has no wheel or pedals. That approach is based on the argument that humans are not very good at driving, and anyway cannot be relied on as a backup to a car that typically drives itself but might fail in a way that required a person in the driver’s seat who might be distracted or even asleep to snap to attention. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened The DMV’s new document coincides with the release last week of a 112-page federal proposal under which any self-driving car should pass a 15-point safety assessment before the public can get ahold of it. Among other things, the safety assessment asks automakers to document how the car detects and avoids objects and pedestrians, how hardened it is against cyberattacks and what how its backup systems will cope should the software fail. In incorporating the federal approach, California dropped a proposal that a third-party company certify the safety of self-driving cars. The new draft regulations released Friday include several other new provisions. Among them is wording that would prohibit advertising vehicles with lower levels of automation _ such as Tesla Motors’ Autopilot, which on divided highways can keep a car’s lane, brake and accelerate on the understanding that a person is paying attention all the time _ from being advertised as “autonomous” or “self-driving.” Also Read: Google to open ‘India Cloud Region’ for customers, developers The company that stands to gain the most from the state’s embrace of cars without a wheel or pedals is Alphabet, where the Google self-driving car project envisions cars that allow no human control other than a start and emergency stop button. A spokesman for the Google self-driving car project did not have a comment Friday on the changes to the proposed regulations. Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation BusinessUse indelible ink in banks keeping in mind upcoming bypolls: EC writes to Finance Ministry IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters BusinessDemonetisation live updates: This is a required surgery done for a better India, says Venkaiah Naidu EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Byomkesh Bakshi to come in new avatar in Bengali sequel India to levy tax on investments from Cyprus from Apr 2017 From flats to stilettos: Exhibit explores what shoes reveal Australia vs South Africa: South Africa show solidarity with captain Faf du Plessis INS Chennai, among the largest indigenous destroyers, to be commissioned into Navy                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise Voice Technology and the Evolution of Search SEO September 6, 2016 SEO Lisa LacySeptember 6, 2016 837SHARES 1.6KREADS 837SHARES 1.6KREADS Lisa Lacy 837SHARES 1.6KREADS Missing links are typically more the purview of paleoanthropologists or fire and brimstone preachers in the pulpit, but as voice technology becomes more prevalent, it is becoming increasingly clear that voice is a missing link in its own way – and one that will help search evolve into much more than search – as well as a means for search engines themselves to maintain relevance. That’s because as unnatural as it may have seemed to talk to our devices when Siri was introduced in 2011, voice is indeed a natural interface – particularly for younger generations – and it will maintain a connection between consumers and platforms in the ecosystems of tomorrow. How Voice has Already Changed Search – and Diminished the Power of the SERP The search landscape is already a far cry from ten blue links – and will continue to evolve as more consumers gravitate toward voice technology. That’s in part because, as Michael Bonfils, Managing Director at global digital marketing agency SEM International, noted, when consumers use voice search, it’s also typically while they are doing something else, like driving or cooking. And these users have more immediate needs, like local “near me” queries. And that, in turn, not only opens opportunities for brands to optimize for local SEO, it also means potentially less interest from consumers is going to the search engine itself. Indeed, David Lau, vice president and head of paid search and programmatic media at digital marketing agency iCrossing, pointed out the rise of apps mean app stores are arguably the new primary portals for content discovery, and we’ll see less reliance on search engines and browsers because consumers will have pre-selected curated content that they subscribe to, like Reddit, and they visit those sites directly instead of using Google. In other words, it’s not unthinkable that we could lose the search engine as a destination and someday tell our grandchildren bedtime stories about visiting Google.com. And that means Google, Bing, etc. better have a few more tricks up their sleeves. Purna Virji, senior Bing Ads client development and training manager at Microsoft, however, said she thinks this is not so much a threat to search engines themselves, but rather SERPs – and that’s because SERPs interrupt consumers. “If you are watching TV and see something and you stop and go to the SERP to find it, it’s such a disruptive task and we’ll see less and less of that,” Virji said. “It’s like, now I’m driving and I want to know, ‘How do I get there?’ and these queries will be more integrated into tasks.” Jarvis and Samantha are (Fictional) Textbook Examples Search will also evolve to include even more predictive thinking. “I would love it if search was like Jarvis [in Iron Man],” Lau said. “I can talk to this computer in a way I would talk to a person and it understands me and spits out what I need. If we can get to the level of AI that can simulate something like that…with witty banter on the side like Siri offers, [I’d be thrilled]. You know the movie Her? He’s like, ‘Oh, pull up my files’ and it’s done or [she says], ‘I see you have bill due tomorrow, so I paid it.’ It’s that predictive level of thinking that is not search-esque as we define it, but it’s where the industry is moving toward.” And This, of Course, Requires the Integration of Commerce A 2014 Google study found 45 percent of teenagers wished they could order pizza with their voices and this has since become a reality via Dominos’ Dom and Amazon Echo. “This suggests that the e-commerce potential for voice search will be significant,” said Scott Litvack, director of organic search at digital marketing agency Prime Visibility. “Any brand where there is a direct action to take, such as Dominos, or even a site like Amazon where your order preferences might be already uploaded and you just ask your phone to order more of something, will be a great opportunity for voice search.” Lau, too, pointed to shoppable media and the integration of voice and bots for a more seamless user experience in which, say, a consumer follows Kim Kardashian on a social network, sees a dress they like, asks for more information and then tells their phone to buy it. In this scenario, an e-commerce bot is able to facilitate and place an order wherever the consumer has an account set up. Conversational Interfaces Bring Everything Together In other words, voice search could propel the collapse of the funnel entirely and prompt a new trend in which consumers conduct their searches, browsing, and purchases within the same interface, said Tom Anthony, head of research and development at digital marketing agency Distilled. And this is actually already happening, as Amazon Echo allows consumers with Prime and a 1-click payment method on file to purchase physical products with Alexa, Anthony added. Or, as Virji put it in a recent Q&A, as search assistants become gateways to other apps, like a refrigerator that knows you are running out of milk and adds an alert to your calendar. We live our lives more in more in ecosystems like the one Apple has created in which it’s easy to buy everything in one place. And voice will make our lives more like this, too, she added. “I think, again, personally, conversational interfaces bring everything together…like Alexa is in my home, I can talk to it and change my [restaurant] reservation by an hour,” Virji said in the Q&A. “It will bring together multiple things and there will be really fierce competition with Amazon, Apple, and Facebook, which have lots of users in their ecosystems. Voice can keep people in an ecosystem.” And as car manufacturers start to integrate voice technology, it becomes easier to see how these burgeoning ecosystems could follow us around everywhere and facilitate our every move, making Google.com seem quite antiquated, indeed. Voice Assistants Today Might as Well be Homo Habilis In other words, next-generation interfaces that combine voice, gestures, and screens everywhere have the potential to become so much more than just assistants. “Voice is not good for feedback. But combine it with things like Magic Leap [which is developing a platform it says will enable consumers to “seamlessly combine and experience your digital and physical lives”] and [holographic computer Microsoft] HoloLens and Google’s Soli project [which Google says is a new sensing technology that uses miniature radar to detect touchless gesture interactions] and Glissando [which is trying to combine voice and gesture interfaces] and you begin to [see] a next-generation interface,” Anthony said. “This is going to be important as we’re going to have interfaces in hundreds of devices and we can’t be expected to learn [them all].” Indeed, natural language could easily be the common thread – with the added bonus that it is an interface users don’t have to learn, Anthony said. Virji agreed conversation is the platform “that sits there and pops into action when you need it to make your life easier, and it’s all about actions and intent.” She used the example of a consumer looking for a good pizzeria in London. Siri could pull up a recommendation and then ask if said consumer wants to book a table and then do so, cutting out a middleman like OpenTable. And, funny enough, in another pizza example, Chris Hart, head of US client development at SEO platform Linkdex, agreed. “Sooner or later, you’ll be able to say, ‘Hey, I want pizza,’ and [your voice assistant will say], ‘the best sausage meatball pizza is over here and this other place had a bad review,’” he said. “This is the kind of thing you’ll get to. It’s not just a result, but it’s going to give you an interaction to some degree to allow the thing to be more lifelike, conversational and results-based based on your needs.” Voice as the Means to Perform Groups of Actions But that’s really the tip of the iceberg. A little further along, it will be all about grouping actions together with AI and voice to, as Larry the Cable Guy says, Git-R-Done. So when a consumer tells Siri he or she is hungry, Siri will know the consumer tends to like pizza, but has eaten it the last few days and is likely to be more in the mood for, say, Greek food and can then ask if said consumer wants to book a table, Virji said. Travel site Kayak is another good example. “You need a ticket, so: ‘Where are you going? When do you need to go? And how much are you willing to pay?’” Virji asked. “It’s taking groupings of actions and making that happen; that is where voice is going.” And this will only accelerate as consumers demand more convenience and search engines and other platforms evolve to attempt to enhance user experience on a broader scale. And that’s in part because there’s an escalating war for consumer attention, Virji noted. “Think about it: If I’m on my phone and I see a cute pair of shoes on TV and want to buy them, it is easy for me to go to the Zappos app,” Virji said. “But if I’m Google or Bing, I want [consumers] to do a search so I can benefit from the ad revenue. Search engines will have to compete for attention versus apps, but they’ll still exist [in the future]. I don’t think they’ll go away – they’ll just have a different function ultimately.” An Added Bonus: The Power to Transform Lives on an Unprecedented Scale And while harnessing the power of AI and voice to act as all-encompassing personal assistants is perhaps indulgent in one sense, there will also be use cases that enrich lives, like Microsoft’s Seeing AI project, which uses intelligence APIs from Microsoft Cognitive Services to help people who are visually impaired or blind better understand what is around them. In a video, the developer behind the project demonstrates how he can take a photo of what’s in front of him while wearing a pair of special glasses and then hear descriptions of the images, such as the ages and genders of the people within, as well as their emotions and what they’re doing. The program can even read menus. “It’s pretty cool that AI is about inclusion,” Virji said. Google V. Bing/Microsoft V. Amazon V. ? : Place Your Bets So it seems whatever player creates the conversational ecosystem more consumers use is the one that will be dominant in this brave new world. In the Q&A, internet marketing consultant and SEO expert Ammon Johns pointed out that Microsoft is in a great position in voice because it has data from Connect, as well as gaming platforms and it has years of experience in which voice is built into its OS, so it is actually ahead of Google in this respect, not to mention when it comes to research into gestures and body position. But, that’s not to say Microsoft/Bing is necessarily poised to dominate the future of search. Indeed, for his part, Duane Forrester, Vice President of organic search operations at digital marketing optimization company Bruce Clay, said Bing won’t necessarily unseat Google with voice because Google is “In there just as deep.” And SEO and Internet marketing expert Alan Bleiweiss, too, noted the future of search domination is still up for grabs. “Google isn’t dead in the water at this point, since they have such a strong share foothold with Android,” Bleiweiss added. “If we’re looking worldwide, they still dominate market share exponentially over iOS.” Further, while Bing provides results for Siri, Cortana, and Alexa, Bleiweiss noted Apple works with additional partners like Wikipedia, Twitter, Wolfram Alpha, Shazam, Yahoo Stocks and even Rotten Tomatoes as sources for Siri results. “So Bing doesn’t get all of the result real estate,” Bleiweiss added. “Bottom line? The industry is now in a fierce race to dominate voice search and AI. Who comes out on top down the road? Give me $1,000 to bet, and I’ll split my bet evenly across each of the players, setting aside $250 for an as-yet-not-known new party.” Virji, too, said the future is still up for grabs with all major digital players – including Microsoft and Google, but also Amazon – racing toward monetization. Further, she pointed to products at Microsoft’s recent annual developers’ conference that she said are bigger than just voice search and personal assistants and encapsulate conversation as a platform that tie in artificial intelligence. For example, Siri can help business owners determine if, say, they need to bake more cupcakes simply by asking, “Do I need to bake more cupcakes?” which the AI then calculates. “You can still talk to Cortana or whoever, but the task will be bigger than ‘show me pictures of red shoes’ and ‘book a restaurant,’” Virji said. Per Virji, it’s in part about search engines figuring out how to continue to serve ads to consumers, which could be via the SERPs or via interfaces such as Google Home, a voice-activated home product similar to Amazon Echo that says it allows consumers to get answers from Google, stream music and manage everyday tasks, or Cortana partnering with players like OpenTable. As long as consumers continue to look for things, search engines can keep serving ads to them, she said. But Forrester noted what could really unseat Google as we know it is the coming shift by a new generation. “As desktops die off, mobile becomes our primary means. With decreased real estate, organic results will fight against paid ad space for exposure,” Forrester said. “This will force a trust conversation within that generation — do we trust organic rankings only, or does Google do a good job of showing me paid ads that answer all my questions? This is the pivot that’ll challenge Google. Well, all engines really.” At the same time, Lau pointed to Microsoft getting Surface tablets in front of young consumers. “Bing has done a great job of putting more devices in classrooms. [They’re] changing the behavior of the next generation to use Windows products and…the default search engine is Bing, so their first interaction with a search engine is Bing. We joke with some of our partners they’re farming the next generation of searchers so [Microsoft] can harvest [them] when they become the next generation of primary spenders 15 to 20 years from now,” Lau said. “Maybe it’s a conspiracy theory about the long con over there, but it looks like Microsoft is going to make a play for search later on and Google needs to come up with something innovative today. If you see what Google is working on – it’s self-driving cars, it’s not search-related anymore.” For his part, Aaron Levy, Manager of Client Strategy at digital marketing agency Elite SEM, said the story is indeed in those tablets and Bing building voice into more than just mobile devices. “It’s essentially a part of Windows 10, but that’s not really just desktops. If you think about it, they’ve built a tablet that 100 percent replaces laptops,” he said. “What they’re doing better than anyone else is making things more mobile and crafting a seamless experience across devices. It’s kind of brutal on mobile…but on desktop/laptop/tablet, it’s phenomenal. Once people adopt the Cortana experience, they stand to make a big play. That’s where they really have a dominant position and where they stand to take some lunch from Google.” Further, Levy noted the Chrome OS is light years away from being anything meaningful and there is a million different iterations of Android. “The vast majority of the world is most comfortable with Windows for their main machines. If Bing[/Microsoft] can find a way to make a mobile platform that sticks, then they’d have a real shot,” Levy said. “The not-so-quiet elephant in the room is Amazon/Alexa, but that’s a whole different dialogue that’s potentially outside of search. At least for now.” Conclusion As search engines face the not-so-distant future, they must evolve beyond search. And voice is the missing link that will help them — and other platforms — develop and nurture the ecosystems necessary to retain consumer loyalty. And while Google may dominate search as it stands in 2016, a new leader could easily emerge as this space evolves.   Image Credits Featured Image: interactimages/DepositPhotos.com In-post Photo: phakimata/DepositPhotos.com Related Posts Using Voice Search & AI for Content Marketing: An Interview With Purna Virji Hootsuite Raises $60 Million In New Funding, Acquires Zeetl To Integrate Voice Technology Don’t Ignore Voice Search in Your SEO Optimizing for Voice Search with Siri, Google Now, and Cortana Bio LinkedIn Latest Posts Lisa Lacy Freelance Writer Lisa Lacy is a freelance writer covering digital and search marketing. She's also a contributor to State of Digital and Smart Brief and previously covered... Read Full Bio Latest posts by Lisa Lacy (see all) Voice Technology and the Evolution of Search - September 6, 2016 5 Reasons Jingles are Powerful Marketing Tool - August 2, 2016 Why Facebook is the 800-Pound Gorilla of Livestreaming - July 27, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Greg Kristan What a fantastic article! So interesting to think that I can say “I’m Hungry” and a voice assistant like Cortana, Alexa, Google Now, SIRI, or something else can interpret that based on my interests and past behavior and look at things like i prefer getting around with public transit and show me a result. Amazing Kaminska Zakrzewska Voice technology is indeed a natural interface and it will maintain a connection between consumers and platforms in the ecosystems of tomorrow. Jada Brice This was a great article that reminded me of conversations I’ve had with friends about how much everything is becoming more convenient. We would order our food, search for clothes, and get instant maps that dodge traffic just by using voice commands. I look forward to the next phase of this evolution. Ozair Akhtar (Oxair Online) I would like to learn how to perform optimization for any product, brand or service over VOICE. I am an SEO but I need to move out from it and get in to some advance ones…. Kindly connect with me over LInkdin – which you can easily find in my disqus profile link… semalaia4n Great post about the Voice technology. It is indeed a natural interface.Your blog is very interesting. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.2K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.3K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.1K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 Using Voice Search & AI for Content Marketing: An Interview With Purna Virji 2 Hootsuite Raises $60 Million In New Funding, Acquires Zeetl To Integrate Voice Technology 3 Don’t Ignore Voice Search in Your SEO 4 Optimizing for Voice Search with Siri, Google Now, and Cortana [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise The Complete Guide to Mastering E-commerce Product Category Page Optimization SEO September 2, 2016 SEO Stoney G deGeyterSeptember 2, 2016 VIP CONTRIBUTOR 656SHARES 1.8KREADS 656SHARES 1.8KREADS VIP CONTRIBUTORStoney G deGeyter 656SHARES 1.8KREADS There are two key page types involved in e-commerce SEO (i.e. products or services) for both search engines and shoppers: Product information pages Product category pages The optimization of both plays a critical role in helping your products get traffic and converting that traffic into customers. Unless a visitor to your site enters through a specific product page through search, they will typically come through a product category page first. This post will focus on these pass-through category pages. I’ll discuss optimization of product pages another day. Overall, every product category page on your site should have a very particular focus. The goal is to display products that fit only the narrowness (or broadness) of the category and provide whatever information about the products is necessary to entice visitors to click-through to the products themselves. Within that framework, there are some very specific optimization strategies that you need to employ to get each page to serve its purpose more effectively. Create Proper Product Categories If you have any chance of creating effective product category pages, you have to start by making sure you have created the best categorization structure for all of your products. This means creating categories and sub-categories that help visitors narrow down their choices intuitively to find the product(s) that best fit their interest and needs. The Wrong Way to Categorize Your Products But, before we talk about proper product categorization solutions, let’s look quickly at a poorly implemented solution. The image below comes from an apartment rental website where the menu does very little to help visitors find an apartment that meets their needs. What’s wrong with this picture? For starters, they have implemented something of a mega menu. Mega Menus are designed to reduce the number of clicks needed to get from the current page the visitor is on to the category page that best matches their interest. But this solution is often worse than the problem! Too many options in the menu prevents the customer from being able to focus on what they want. It becomes information overload, creating decision paralysis. Secondly, this menu doesn’t offer navigational categories that help the visitor drill down. Most searchers aren’t looking for apartments based on these categories. And unless you know where each of these addresses are in the city, that information does very little to help you find an apartment that fits your needs. You’d have to take the time to look at each address to know whether there is an apartment available that has the features and amenities you want. The menu offers a few more “filtering” options at the top that might be slightly more helpful, but not by much. If you search by location, you get a slightly more helpful way to find an apartment in an area you want to live in, but that’s only helpful if you are looking for an apartment in a specific location. If you browse by type, you just get the Urban, Signature, and Suburban categories again. Searching by Map allows you to see all the addresses pinned on a map of the city, and searching by Price lets you find an apartment that fits your price range. There is merit to each of these categorization options but, other than the search by price option; they are all focused on location, which only a small sub-set of apartment hunters are searching for. All told, this navigation isn’t helpful to the majority of apartment searchers. The Right Way to Categorize Your Products So now let’s talk about what you should do when it comes to proper product categorization. If you start with keyword research, you’ll learn a lot about how people search for apartments and what types of things they are looking for. With this information, you can create product category and sub-categories that allow you to create optimized landing pages that will cover 90% of what apartment searchers are looking for. Using keyword research, here is a product categorization plan we developed for the same site. This navigation captures searchers who are hunting by any one of four ways: By general location (neighborhood), type of apartment they are looking for (style), the amenities they want, and how many bedrooms they need. These four categories alone cover just about all apartment searches. Those, of course, are just the broad categories. We then have created sub-categories for each that capture searchers who have a clearer idea of what they are looking for in an apartment. Each of the categories above is an option to build landing pages that will drive searchers to the available apartments that most closely match their search intent. And from there, the searcher would be able to further filter the results until they got only the available apartments that fit all of their criteria. For example, let’s say someone is looking for a furnished apartment. That’s their most important criteria, so they start their search there. They land on the furnished apartment page under Amenities and immediately are treated to all available furnished apartments. From here, they use real-time filtering to find a 2-bedroom furnished condo that has a gym in the hilltop area. Or they find a furnished 1-bedroom loft in uptown. The point is, by using this categorization, they were able to land on the page that meets their number one need. Every searcher is different, but we have created enough categories that will provide solutions for almost all searchers. Keyword research plays a big role in how your products should be categorized. Look at the language searchers use to find the products you sell. The goal is to create a navigation that fits your searcher’s way of thinking about things rather than your own. Quiz: Which provides better product classifications? Top level categories for “motorcycle helmets” and “motorcycle gloves” or Top level categories for “Mens Gear”, “Women’s Gear” and “Children’s Gear.” The answer is the first option. Even if a strong number of searchers are looking for “gear,” the only thing the second option shows them is you have gear for men, women, and children. It doesn’t tell them what specific gear you offer. By focusing on the actual product categories, you can offer pages that filter for men, women, and children within each category while making sure your actual products are what the visitor sees when they land on the site. Gear is just too vague, and it forces the visitor to pick who they are shopping for before they get to pick what they are shopping for. That’s backward. When developing your site’s product categorization structure, I suggest getting out the post-it notes and a nice wall or table to stick them on. Each post-it will represent a specific product category. Create as many options as you think make sense, based on the keyword research, and then organize them into primary groups and sub-groups. One final tip. Your top-tier product categories should be your website’s main navigation options. Don’t hide these under a navigation option for “Products,” “Services,” or worse, “Browse”! Optimize Every Category Page I mentioned this above, but let’s dive into this in more detail here. Every product category page should be a landing page that is optimized for targeted keyword searches. Scroll back up and look at the new navigation layout I created above. Every one of those options is there because it can serve as a landing page for searchers. To optimize these category/landing pages, you have to know what the purpose of the page is. For product category pages, the purpose is to provide confirmation to the visitor that the page fulfills the intent of their query. From there, its purpose is to provide the signals needed that get the visitor to take the next action, which is to click into the next level sub-category or a specific product page. Let’s look at how to do that. Customized Heading Tag Too often, the topmost heading tags on product category pages tells the visitors very little about the content on the page or why they should stick around. Headings have two distinct purposes: 1) confirm to the visitor that they landing on the page that meets their needs, and 2) entice them to stick around. Sometimes just clearly outlining the page content is enough. Other times, you may need to add some value indicators. In the example below, the heading reads “Apartments in Capitol Hill.” That fulfills the first requirement. But what about adding “Affordable” to the beginning? That one word provides an enticement to keep engaging with the page and the heading now fulfills both. If you want your primary heading to stick to just iterating the product category, then consider using a secondary heading for the enticement. Newspapers, books, and magazines use this format a lot. Stick to the facts in the main heading/title and follow that up with the value-added statement. Make sure that your topmost heading on the page is wrapped in an H1 tag. The sub-heading, if you choose to use it, would be an H2. Optimized Content I’m a firm believer that every page needs content, even if it’s not what most visitors want (or think they want). We have to remember that there is a difference between what visitors want and what they need. Visitors want products, but they need content if they are going to be sold on the value of those products. One great example of this is Google’s “I’m feeling Lucky” button. In 2007, Google estimated that only 1% of searchers use that button (and causes the company to lose $110M per year!). So why doesn’t Google remove it? Because they determined that removing the button cost them a greater loss in brand perception! Searchers don’t want the “I’m feeling lucky” button, but Google needs it to maintain the perception of being a “fun” company. Ok, so that’s not the same type of content I’m referring to, but it does illustrate the want/need issue. If you want a better example, go to any museum. They don’t just display pieces. Each piece is accompanied with content. You don’t go to the museum for the content; you go for the pieces. But it’s that content that informs the visitor the reasons for the pieces being there. Product category content fulfills the same purpose. Visitors think they just want the products, but the content is a mechanism to provide them valuable information about the products in that category. Some will read it; some won’t. Those who don’t need it don’t care that it’s there, provided it doesn’t impede their shopping experience. Those that do need it will be less likely to buy without it. Matches Searcher Intent Another key component of optimizing these pages is to make sure the page (from the content to the products) clearly matches the searcher’s intent. For example, if a searcher is looking for “honda motorcycle batteries,” make sure they land on a page specific to Honda batteries, and not a page for all batteries. Similarly, if they are looking for “women’s ski boots” don’t land them on a page that includes ski boots for men and children. You want the visitor to have to do a minimal amount of work once they land on the page. If they want to filter further, great, but don’t make them filter products on your site just to get to what they searched for to begin with. Be sure you focus completely on meeting the needs as you best know. Provide On-Command Content One of the problems often cited when it comes to optimizing product category pages is there is no place to put optimized content. Furthermore, the argument goes, when most product searchers land on a website, they want to see the products, not a bunch of text. There is, of course, truth to these arguments, but we all know that content is an important aspect of the optimization and conversion process. Any text you add to the page will tend to push the products further down and off the page. Can you give visitors both what they want and need at the same time? Many designers don’t like content on these pages because they think a bunch of content destroys the aesthetics of the page. And if you’re talking about more than a paragraph of content, that’s probably true. So start with a single paragraph. You can easily get a paragraph of content above your products without pushing the products too far down the page and format it in an aesthetically pleasing way. And if you need more than a paragraph to outline the value of those products, make the rest of the content available on demand. Here is a site that did just that. If you click on the read more link, additional text appears, pushing the products further down the page: You can make the argument as to whether this additional text is at all needed to sell the product or not, but assuming it is valuable content, using the “read more” option makes the content available to those who want to learn more while keeping it out of the way for those who just want to view the products themselves. One thing to keep in mind is that search engines devalue the hidden portion of your content. Slightly devalued content that is available, however, has way more value than having no content available at all. Display More Products Per Page Sites with a lot of products in a single category often limit the number of products displayed on each product category page. The visitor will then have to click a link to take them to the next page of product results. This is another example of a solution that fixes one problem but creates several more. For the most part, limiting the number of products displayed at a time is done to speed up the page load speed. Fewer products and images per page make each page load faster. This is good for visitors. But what isn’t good for visitors is forcing them to click page after page after page to see all available products. Eventually, they will tire of this, and the products at the end of the list will be seen by very, very few people. And the search engines will tend to assign less weight to the products on the last page verses those at the beginning, if it gets to them at all. The best option for both visitors and search engines is to display all your products on a single page, with on-demand image loading and strong product filtering options. Not only does this help get more products into the search results, but it also doesn’t add unnecessary page load time. Let’s say you have a product category page that covers 1,000 products. If you tried to load the thumbnail images for all of those 1,000 products, you’d run into some long download times, which can frustrate the shopper. However, if you only load the images in the viewable screen area, you’ll decrease the page load time significantly. The remaining images don’t load, initially, but as soon as the visitor scrolls down and those images come into viewable range, you quickly load the next batch of images. The delay will be minimal because you’re only trying to load a handful of images at a time. But we still have the problem of forcing the visitor to potentially scroll through a thousand products to find the one they want. Some visitors are happy to do that, but most aren’t. (Incidentally, visitors will see a lot more products scrolling than they would by clicking “next page”!) The best way to reduce the number of products the visitor has to scroll through is to set up product filters. Create as many filters as make sense for your products. For example, a page for ski boots might have filters for men’s, women’s, boys, girls, brand, performance, weight, height, skill level, fit, flex, buckle count, color, price, year, heated, etc. Each click of a filter reduces the number of viewable products making finding just the right one easier on the shopper. Use keyword research to determine which filters require their own landing pages and which do not. For our ski boot filters, there are probably few searches for ski boots by color. That can be a real-time filter that edits the products shown on the page without switching URLs. However, there are probably quite a number of searchers looking for ski boots by brand. This is worthy of its own optimized landing page. Search engines follow the filters that lead to unique URLs, which helps get these filtered product pages into the search results, and provides a greater likelihood that the products will end up in the search indexes as well. Alternate Option Okay, so what do you do if, for whatever reason, you can’t create filters or on-demand image loading? That puts you back into splitting your products into page 1, page 2, page 3, etc. If that’s you, there is still some hope. Use the rel=”prev” and rel=”next” tags on the links to the pages before/after the current page. I suggest you keep your optimized content only on page one, so it’s not competing with duplicate content on the other pages. Just make sure you use the canonical tag on that first page, as it is often the case that the first in a string of pages can be accessed by two different URLs: site.com/ski-boots/ (this is your canonical URL) site.com/ski-boots/page1/ The canonical tag makes sure that only the URL you want is indexed. Google also suggests creating a page that allows visitors to “view all” products on a single page, without the pagination. This is the page they prefer to show in the search results, which would be the page with 1,000 products. When using this approach, you can set your canonical tag for all the paginated pages to point to the “view all” page. You also will want to add a no-index tag on all the paginated pages, and put your optimized content on the view all page as well. Optimized Sale/Closeout Pages One final point when it comes to creating a great set of optimized product category pages: Most sites focus on their products only but forget that people search for those products in many different ways. A good number of searchers are often looking for your products using terms such as  “discount,” “sale,” “closeout,” “deals,” etc. We talked about optimizing for the intent of the searcher, which means that unless you only sell discount products, you don’t want to drive these searchers to your main product category pages. Instead, create a “sale” section of your site in which you then build additional landing pages for each of your product categories. The only products displaying in these categories will be those that have been reduced in price. Optimizing these landing pages is a great way to capture these discount searchers while reducing older product inventory more quickly. It’s All About the Visitor Product category pages are often the first line of conversion when it comes to your visitor’s shopping experience. If the visitor isn’t yet searching for a particular product or service, they are searching for the product category so they can learn more. Optimizing your product category pages not only brings more shoppers to your site, but it is an important step in providing each shopper with a valuable on-site experience. If your product category pages don’t deliver as expected, visitors leave without ever seeing the products they came for. What did I miss? What do YOU think are essentials for product page optimization?   Image Credits Featured Image: Image by Stoney deGeyter In-post Photos: All images by Stoney deGeyter All screenshots by Stoney deGeyter. Taken August 2016. Related Posts The Complete Guide to Mastering E-Commerce Product Page Optimization 10 Tips for Mastering E-Commerce Conversion Rate Optimization The Landing Page Optimization Guide You Wish You’ve Always Had A Complete Guide to SEO Conversions and Metrics Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Stoney G deGeyter CEO at Pole Position Marketing Stoney deGeyter is the author of The Best Damn Web Marketing Checklist, Period!, and President of Pole Position Marketing, a leading web presence optimization firm... Read Full Bio @stoneyd +Stoney G deGeyter Latest posts by Stoney G deGeyter (see all) 3 Competitive Factors That Influence (or Hinder) Your Online Success - November 6, 2016 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly - October 24, 2016 The Complete Guide to Mastering E-Commerce Product Page Optimization - September 25, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   semalaia4n Nice information about the E-commerce Product Category Page Optimization.It is very nice and thanks for sharing the post. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.2K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.3K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.1K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 The Complete Guide to Mastering E-Commerce Product Page Optimization 2 10 Tips for Mastering E-Commerce Conversion Rate Optimization 3 The Landing Page Optimization Guide You Wish You’ve Always Had 4 A Complete Guide to SEO Conversions and Metrics [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Premier League Swansea City 1-2 Liverpool: Premier League – as it happened Liverpool recovered from a sluggish start to deservedly win through second-half goals from Roberto Firmino and James Milner Read Stuart James’s match report from the Liberty Stadium Updated James Milner is mobbed after his late penalty. Photograph: Julian Finney/Getty Images Rob Smyth Saturday 1 October 2016 09.23 EDT Last modified on Saturday 1 October 2016 09.51 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Key events Show 9.22am EDT 09:22 Full time: Swansea 1-2 Liverpool 9.11am EDT 09:11 GOAL! Swansea 1-2 Liverpool (Milner 84 pen) 9.10am EDT 09:10 PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL 8.42am EDT 08:42 GOAL! Swansea 1-1 Liverpool (Firmino 54) 8.17am EDT 08:17 Half time: Swansea 1-0 Liverpool (Fer 8) 7.37am EDT 07:37 GOAL! Swansea 1-0 Liverpool (Fer 8) 6.20am EDT 06:20 Preamble Live feed Show 9.42am EDT 09:42 And now, read Stuart James’s on-the-whistle match report from the Liberty Stadium here: Liverpool’s James Milner spot-on again to sink Swansea City Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.25am EDT 09:25 And if you want more football, Barry Glendenning is your man. Hull City v Chelsea, Premier League and more: Saturday clockwatch – live! Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.22am EDT 09:22 Full time: Swansea 1-2 Liverpool Liverpool move up to second in the table. They started poorly but the injury to Adam Lallana forced a reshuffle, and moving Philippe Coutinho into midfield sparked them into life. They were deserved winners after completely dominating the last hour of the game. Swansea put in an admirable shift and will reflect on two great chances that were missed by Borja Baston in the first half, and that last-minute sitter for Mike van der Hoorn. Thanks for your company; bye! Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.21am EDT 09:21 90+3 min What a chance for van der Hoorn! I would have scored that*. It was a great cross from the right by Rangel that curled and dipped over the head of the Liverpool centre-backs. It came to van der Hoorn, eight yards out, and he screwed a feeble volley wide of the far post. (* Legal disclaimer: I may not actually have scored that.) Mike van der Hoorn of Swansea reacts after missing a last minute chance Photograph: Stu Forster/Getty Images Updated at 9.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.17am EDT 09:17 90 min There will be four added minutes. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.16am EDT 09:16 89 min Can’s low cross is almost put into his own net by the weary Cork. Fabianski gets down to his left to save. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.15am EDT 09:15 89 min It will be ridiculous if Francesco Guidolin is sacked after this game. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.14am EDT 09:14 88 min This is over. Swansea have nothing left in the tank. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.13am EDT 09:13 86 min Origi has an instant impact with a low cross from the right towards the unmarked Sturridge. He can’t reach it on the stretch but Coutinho backs up the play beyond the far post to batter a shot from a tight angle that is beaten away by Fabianski. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.12am EDT 09:12 85 min A double change for Liverpool: Can and Origi replace Wijnaldum and Firmino. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.11am EDT 09:11 GOAL! Swansea 1-2 Liverpool (Milner 84 pen) James Milner scores confidently, clipping it straight down the middle as Fabianski goes to the right. James Milner of Liverpool scores his side’s second goal Photograph: Julian Finney/Getty Images Updated at 9.18am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.10am EDT 09:10 PENALTY TO LIVERPOOL Oh, this is a nightmare for Swansea. Barrow, in his own box, blooters his attempted clearance straight up in the air, and when it bounces Rangel panicks and shoves Firmino to the ground. A clear penalty, and a pretty needless one. Updated at 9.14am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.09am EDT 09:09 82 min The Swansea players, it is fair to assume, do not want Francesco Guidolin to be sacked. Their endeavour in this half has verged on the heroic. Updated at 9.09am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.08am EDT 09:08 81 min Coutinho’s long-range shot deflects behind for a corner. Matip’s near-post header deflects behind for a second corner on the right, which will again be taken by Henderson. It’s a dangerous outswinger that somehow evades everyone on the six-yard line. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.05am EDT 09:05 78 min This is Swansea’s best spell since around the half-hour mark, and for the time being they look the likelier scorers. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.04am EDT 09:04 77 min Francesco Guidolin’s substitutions have given Swansea greater energy, and as a result the last 10 minutes have been less fraught. They almost take the lead when Karius comes for a left-wing corner and gets nowhere near it, with the ball flashing right across the face of goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 9.01am EDT 09:01 75 min A rare Swansea attack, with a nice run and cross from Barrow leading to a corner. Sigurdsson takes it and Milner heads clear. Updated at 9.02am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.58am EDT 08:58 72 min Swansea’s final substitution: Leroy Fer is replaced by Jay Fulton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.57am EDT 08:57 72 min Swansea can put two passes together, but three is a stretch and the ball is always coming back at them. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.56am EDT 08:56 70 min From the resulting corner, Sturridge flashes a header a few yards wide of the far post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.56am EDT 08:56 69 min The dithering van der Hoorn is robbed on the edge of the area by Milner. He slightly overhits his pass to Mane, who gets it out of his feet nonetheless and hits a shot that is deflected over the bar by Naughton. Updated at 8.56am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.55am EDT 08:55 68 min Clyne, who has been a constant attacking threat, cracks a low shot from 25 yards that is well held by Fabianski. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.54am EDT 08:54 67 min Mane shrieks with pain after a tackle by Ki, and the replays shows why: he planted his studs into Mane’s right foot. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.52am EDT 08:52 64 min Coutinho bundles Barrow to the ground to launch a Liverpool counter-attack. Firmino plays the ball down the left to Coutinho, whose excellent low cross just evades Sturridge at the near post. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.50am EDT 08:50 63 min Another Swansea change: Ki Sung-Yueng replaces the tiring captain Leon Britton. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.48am EDT 08:48 62 min Swansea make their first change, with Modou Barrow replacing Wayne Routledge. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.46am EDT 08:46 59 min Swansea surely can’t do this for another half an hour. They are under constant pressure. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.45am EDT 08:45 57 min Swansea are struggling to stay in this game. Coutinho plays a one-two with Mane and places a beautiful curler just wide from inside the D. He has been terrific since dropping into midfield. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.42am EDT 08:42 GOAL! Swansea 1-1 Liverpool (Firmino 54) Liverpool are level! Coutinho’s free-kick hits the wall and comes to Henderson, who lobs it first time into the box. Firmino, who stayed onside as Swansea pushed up, places a good header into the left corner of the net from 10 yards. Roberto Firmino of Liverpool scores his side’s first goal Photograph: Julian Finney/Getty Images Updated at 8.51am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.41am EDT 08:41 54 min Britton is booked for a cynical pull on Mane, 25 yards from goal. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.39am EDT 08:39 52 min It’s raining heavily now, which adds to the increasingly desperate feel of the match as Liverpool chase an equaliser in a manner usually reserved for the last 10 minutes. Updated at 8.39am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.37am EDT 08:37 48 min Mane combines with Sturridge – who should have been flagged offside - and clips the ball past the outrushing Fabianski from the right corner of the six-yard box. It deflects off van der Hoorn and rolls invitingly in front of goal before Amat boots it clear. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.34am EDT 08:34 47 min Clyne runs at Naughton and crosses low towards Sturridge, who spins Amat at the near post but overruns the ball in doing so. Goal kick to Swansea. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.32am EDT 08:32 46 min Swansea begin the second half, kicking from left to right. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.32am EDT 08:32 Half-time cheer “Travelling from west Wales to Cardiff, I got stuck in match-day traffic in torrential rain on the M4 earlier, so this match put me in a bad mood before it had even kicked off,” says Matt Dony. “Checking the half-time score hasn’t helped. Batter Arsenal, lose to Burnley. Batter Chelsea, losing to Swansea. Gotta love being a Liverpool fan.” They’ll win this 3-1. You have my word. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.17am EDT 08:17 Half-time reading Mauricio Pochettino to face Guardiola as an equal in a rivalry born in Barcelona Read more Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.17am EDT 08:17 Half time: Swansea 1-0 Liverpool (Fer 8) A fine 45 minutes for Swansea, who could be 3-0 ahead, though the way Liverpool came to life towards half-time was pretty ominous. See you in 10 minutes for the second half. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.14am EDT 08:14 44 min Sigurdsson’s dipping free-kick is fumbled by Karius but he claims it comfortably at the second attempt. Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 8.13am EDT 08:13 43 min Swansea really, really need half-time. A breather is the next-best thing, and Britton provides that by craftily drawing a foul from Matip 30 yards from the Liverpool goal. Sadio Mané hits the deck. Photograph: Stefan Wermuth/Reuters Updated at 8.15am EDT Facebook Twitter Google plus Share Share this post Facebook Twitter Google plus close 1 of 2 Newest Newer Older Oldest Topics Premier League Swansea City Liverpool Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports selected soccer selected tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports selected soccer selected MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer selected live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Soccer › Premier League Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Events Advertise Search Live Coverage Carousel Comes to Google With Real-Time Indexing News  SEO August 31, 2016 News SEO Matt SouthernAugust 31, 2016 SEJ STAFF 443SHARES 841READS 443SHARES 841READS SEJ STAFFMatt Southern 443SHARES 841READS Publishers can now opt-in to having their content featured in the new Search live coverage carousel, a pilot project from Google. Participating in the project will allow publishers to expedite the process of having their content surfaced by Google. The live coverage carousel will feature content such as live blogs, full length articles, videos, and more. In addition to opting in to the pilot project via the form found here, there are several requirements that your content needs to meet before it’s eligible to be featured in the new live coverage carousel. Requirements for Being Featured in Google’s Search Live Coverage Carousel AMP Content Only Only content published using Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) will be considered for inclusion in the carousel. For more information about AMP, including how to use it for your WordPress content, please see this article. Structured Data Markup Content published using AMP must also include structured data markup, which helps Google understand the context around a piece of content. This will allow Google to display an accurate preview in the carousel. For more information about how to implement structured data markup, please see help guide. Push Content With an Atom XML Feed Sending content to Google’s live coverage carousel requires the use of an HTTP POST request in an Atom XML feed. This will allow Google to index the content as soon as it hits the web. Google has been recommending Atom XML feeds for optimal crawling since October 2014. If your content meets the above requirements, you can express interest in having your content featured in the live carousel using this form. H/T: Aaron Bradley Related Posts Who Has AMP Carousel and Who Doesn’t? Google Reveals Countries With AMP in Search Results Google Adds Pinterest, Vine, and More To New Mobile Search Carousel Expand Your Reach: A Guide to Live Conference Coverage New #MarketingNerds Podcast: Successful Strategies for Live Tweeting and Event Coverage on Social Media Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Matt Southern Lead News Writer at Search Engine Journal Matt Southern has been the lead news writer at Search Engine Journal since 2013. His passion for helping people in all aspects of online marketing... Read Full Bio @MattGSouthern +Matt Southern Latest posts by Matt Southern (see all) Search and Save for Later With New Bing Update - November 17, 2016 Google: Here’s When Your Favorite TV Shows Are On Next - November 17, 2016 When a Website Has Only Desktop + AMP, Google Will Index Desktop Site - November 17, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Kalaniketan Its really great news, especially for publishers. AMP is gonna big thing in near future for sure. semalaia4n Very nice information about the google real time indexing.It is useful for me and Thanks for sharing the post,. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Chris Boggs on Setting Up Internal Agency Teams for Success See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.2K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.3K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.1K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 Who Has AMP Carousel and Who Doesn’t? Google Reveals Countries With AMP in Search Results 2 Google Adds Pinterest, Vine, and More To New Mobile Search Carousel 3 Expand Your Reach: A Guide to Live Conference Coverage 4 New #MarketingNerds Podcast: Successful Strategies for Live Tweeting and Event Coverage on Social Media [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US tech giants unite to ensure AI is developed safely and ethically Sam Shead Sep. 28, 2016, 5:00 PM 2,683 facebook linkedin twitter email print Founding members (L-R): Eric Horvitz, managing director of Microsoft Research; Francesca Rossi, AI ethics researcher at IBM; Yann LeCun, Facebook AI Research director; and Mustafa Suleyman, cofounder of Google DeepMind. Partnership on AI Google, Facebook, Amazon, IBM, and Microsoft have come together to form a new organisation in a bid to ensure that artificial intelligence (AI) is developed safely, ethically, and transparently. The organisation — announced on Wednesday and known as the Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society, or simply Partnership on AI — will aim to address some of the challenges that AI presents to people and society, while also figuring out how humanity can best take advantage of new technologies in the field, which has advanced rapidly in the last few years. The Partnership, unveiled by AI executives from the founding companies during a telephone briefing with journalists on Wednesday, said it will carry out research and recommend how others in the field of AI should go about developing their systems. During the call, the consortium dismissed concerns that this was effectively an attempt by the tech industry to self-regulate AI without government involvement. AI has been tipped to improve many aspects of life, ranging from healthcare, education, and manufacturing to home automation and transportation. But it's also been described by the likes of renowned scientist Stephen Hawking and tech billionaire Elon Musk as something that could wipe out humans altogether. Ensuring AI's positive impact Programming a machine to learn from its environment in a particular way is now the job of many software developers around the world. But some people are concerned that these self-aware machines could be programmed in a way that allows them to develop intelligence that could be used to cause harm, while others, such as Oxford University professor Nick Bostrom, think superintelligent machines will outsmart humans within a matter of decades. Mustafa Suleyman, cofounder and head of applied AI at Alphabet-owned research lab, DeepMind said it's "critical" for technology companies to start engaging with the public on how they're developing AI. "The positive impact of AI will depend on the level of public engagement," he said, adding that the new organisation will compliment Google's own AI ethics board, which was created after the search giant acquired DeepMind for a reported £400 million in 2014, but has been kept under wraps ever since. Yann LeCun, director of AI research at Facebook, and Ralf Herbrich, director of machine learning science and core machine learning at Amazon, said AI has the potential to improve the lives of millions of people, while also stating how crucial the technology is to the future of their platforms. "As researchers in industry, we take very seriously the trust people have in us to ensure advances are made with the utmost consideration for human values," said LeCun. "By openly collaborating with our peers and sharing findings, we aim to push new boundaries every day, not only within Facebook, but across the entire research community. To do so in partnership with these companies who share our vision will help propel the entire field forward in a thoughtful responsible way." The Partnership will be funded and supported by the founding companies, who actually compete with one another across many other parts of their businesses. The location of the organisation's headquarters are yet to be decided, as are job roles and staff numbers, although decisions on these matters are expected to be made in the coming weeks. A man falls in love with an AI in the sci-fi movie "Her." Warner Bros. Through the Partnership on AI consortium, the US tech giants will carry out AI research into areas like: ethics, fairness and inclusivity transparency, privacy, and interoperability collaboration between people and AI systems and the trustworthiness, reliability and robustness of the technology. There will be equal representation of corporate and non-corporate members on the Partnership's board, which will meet on a yet-to-be determined basis. Academics and non-profits will also be invited to join, as will other organisations looking to monitor the development of AI, such as Elon Musk's OpenAI. The Partnership said it is already in membership discussions with the likes of the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) and the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (AI2). "In the coming weeks and months we’ll be announcing non-corporate members of our Partnership and their roles," said Suleyman. 8-point plan Murray Shanahan, professor of cognitive robotics at Imperial College London, endorsed the formation of the Partnership, saying: "A small number of large corporations are today the powerhouses behind the development of sophisticated artificial intelligence. The inauguration of the Partnership on AI is a very welcome step towards ensuring this technology is used wisely." Yoshua Bengio, a professor at the University of Montreal and scientific director at IVADO, an organisation that aims to partner industry professionals and academic researchers, added: "Bringing together the major players in the field is the best way to ensure we all share the same values and overall objectives to serve the common good." The Partnership on AI shares the following tenets: We will seek to ensure that AI technologies benefit and empower as many people as possible. We will educate and listen to the public and actively engage stakeholders to seek their feedback on our focus, inform them of our work, and address their questions. We are committed to open research and dialog on the ethical, social, economic, and legal implications of AI. We believe that AI research and development efforts need to be actively engaged with and accountable to a broad range of stakeholders. We will engage with and have representation from stakeholders in the business community to help ensure that domain-specific concerns and opportunities are understood and addressed. We will work to maximise the benefits and address the potential challenges of AI technologies, by: Working to protect the privacy and security of individuals. Striving to understand and respect the interests of all parties that may be impacted by AI advances. Working to ensure that AI research and engineering communities remain socially responsible, sensitive and engaged directly with the potential influences of AI technologies on wider society. Ensuring that AI research and technology is robust, reliable, trustworthy, and operates within secure constraints. Opposing development and use of AI technologies that would violate international conventions or human rights, and promoting safeguards and technologies that do no harm. We believe that it is important for the operation of AI systems to be understandable and interpretable by people, for purposes of explaining the technology. We strive to create a culture of cooperation, trust, and openness among AI scientists and engineers to help us all better achieve these goals. NOW WATCH: This hidden iPhone feature will boost your reception Loading video... More: Artificial Intelligence Google Microsoft DeepMind Facebook IBM facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US tech giants unite to ensure AI is developed safely and ethically US tech giants unite to ensure AI is developed safely and ethically Google, Facebook, Amazon, IBM, and Microsoft... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Friday, Nov 18, 2016 | Last Update : 07:49 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Technology, In Other News Google to open Cloud Region in Mumbai PTI Published Oct 1, 2016, 9:27 am IST Updated Oct 1, 2016, 9:27 am IST The local region in India will help make Google cloud platform services even faster for Indian customers.  With more than one billion end-users, Google Cloud has gained significant traction in India and across the world. Google will open a new 'Cloud Region' in Mumbai that will help the tech giant offer its cloud platform services to developers and enterprise customers in India. Expected to be live in 2017, the local region in India will help make Google cloud platform services even faster for Indian customers, Google said in a statement. The announcement was made at the Horizon event in San Francisco. However, the company did not disclose any financial details. The business-to-business (B2B) based Cloud services have also been re-branded as Google Cloud. With more than one billion end-users, Google Cloud has gained significant traction in India and across the world. Its global customers include Snap Inc (formerly SnapChat), Niantic Labs (Pokemon Go), Telus International, and Evernote, among others. "In India too, we have seen great customer momentum with thousands of customers including major brands like Wipro, Ashok Leyland, Smartshift by Mahindra & Mahindra, Dainik Bhaskar Group and INshorts.com building on Google Cloud Platform," it said. The move is expected to help the American company catch up with bigger rivals Microsoft and Amazon Web Services in the cloud marketplace in the country. Setting up of a local data centre within India will also help the company cater to a larger number of customers, especially in government or financial services sectors that often have regulations that do not permit data to be transmitted outside the country. Brian Stevens, Vice President of Google Cloud said that by expanding to new regions, Google will be able to deliver better performance to customers. "In fact, our recent expansion in Oregon resulted in up to 80 per cent improvement in latency for customers. We look forward to welcoming customers to our new Cloud Regions as they become publicly available throughout 2017," he added. The company has announced locations of seven new Google Cloud Regions -- Singapore, Sydney, Northern Virginia, Sao Paulo, London, Finland and Frankfurt -- that will come online through 2017, like the one in Mumbai. Google has also rebranded its 'Google Apps for Work' as 'G Suite' that will comprise apps like Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, Hangouts, and others that are designed for workplaces. Tags: google, pokemon go, snapchat Lifestyle Gallery Images that made it to Time Magazine's most influential pictures Trump inspired merchandise in markets after stunning victory Feast your eyes on these edible 'bouquets' Spellbinding images of famous places clicked from space Supermoon makes rare appearance in different places across the world Skies in Myanmar light up during hot air balloon festival ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Salman's secrets are now in danger, to sip 'Koffee' with all time confidant!   Chris Martin is here! Find out who witnessed him sing 'Yellow' and who missed it!   Britain plans 369 million refit for Buckingham Palace   Watch: Wriddhiman Saha pulls off MS Dhoni-esque run out   US: Man dissolves in acidic water after he falls into a hot spring   Free beer to meal vouchers, cafes come out with offers for Sonam Guptas ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Other News UC Browser crosses 100 Million Monthly Active Users in India Reliance Global launches international calling app Zoho launches Zoho Desk, first software built in rural India Amazon video going global with rival to 'Top Gear' Uber says Taiwan's steps against it hurting citizens ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2016 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Tech Culture Donald Trump's latest conspiracy theory takes on Google Donald Trump's latest conspiracy theory takes on Google The Republican nominee might prefer Bing or Yahoo for his Hillary Clinton news. Donald Trump's latest conspiracy theory takes on Google 0 Share: Tech Culture by Alfred Ng September 29, 2016 8:17 AM PDT @alfredwkng Up Next President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy Enlarge Image Donald Trump at a rally in Council Bluffs, Iowa, this week.Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images Donald Trump is again accusing Google of bias against his campaign. Two days after the first presidential debate between the Republican candidate and his Election 2016 rival, Hillary Clinton, Trump slammed the tech giant, saying negative stories on Clinton weren't showing up in Google search results. "The Google poll has us leading Hillary Clinton by two points nationwide, and that's despite the fact that Google's search engine was suppressing the bad news about Hillary Clinton. How about that?" Trump said during a rally in Wisconsin on Wednesday. This marks the second time Trump has charged Google with unfair treatment, and it's yet another incident in which he's seized on technology as an issue. Trump has also called for Apple to start building its products in the US and has supported Ted Cruz's quest to maintain US control over internet domain naming rights. Trump's campaign did not respond to requests for comment on what "bad news" the candidate was referring to. In the same speech in which Trump accused Google of burying negative stories, he discussed Clinton's "deplorables" remarks, her controversial "superpredators" statement and her email scandal, and he urged his supporters to "follow the money," criticizing her campaign contributors. But Google has never reranked search results, and it prioritizes the most relevant stories, according to a person familiar with the company's methods. Indeed, all the stories Trump referenced in his speech appeared within the first five results produced by a Google search. Google's search works by scraping the web for content, then using algorithms to rank results according to more than 200 factors, including a website's page quality and relevance, according to the company. Searches spiked during Monday's debate showdown, as users flocked to the search engine to fact-check the candidates. "Trump Iraq war" was searched up to 137 times as much as "Clinton emails" was looked up. Trump has blamed Google for his troubles in the past, after a SourceFed video in June accused the search engine of manipulating search results in favor of Clinton. Google responded to those previous claims, saying the people making them "simply misunderstand how Autocomplete works." Google's Autocomplete algorithm, which gives suggested search terms once you've started typing in a query, doesn't populate any negative terms when paired with a person's name, the company explained. That means "Hillary Clinton cri" doesn't autocomplete to "crime," and the same logic would apply to "Donald Trump cri." The search engine giant has treated the 2016 election as if it were kryptonite. Google's executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, has said the company will remain neutral during the heated 2016 election campaign. Tags Tech Culture Hillary Clinton Google Donald Trump Related Stories Australian eagles 9, drones 0 Amazon confronts Trump's view of the US head on Trump's chief strategist thinks too many tech CEOs are Asian? Of Human Action Close   Discuss: Donald Trump's latest conspiracy theory takes... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: President Obama slams fake news for eroding democracy Rumor: Three new iPhones coming in 2017. Only one will be OLED. Apple's working on digital glasses. How special is the MacBook Pro's Touch Bar? And Apple's selling a book...for $300. by Brian Tong Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
null
null
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Alphabet’s reorg has been great for Google, less so for other projects Alphabet’s reorg has been great for Google, less so for other projects Alphabet has done wonders for Google _ but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons By: AP | San Francisco | Updated: October 1, 2016 2:54 pm Alphabet has done wonders for Google _ but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons (Source: AP) Reorganizing itself under the umbrella company Alphabet has done wonders for Google _ but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons, which are suffering costly growing pains. A year after Alphabet took shape, Google’s revenue growth has accelerated _ an unusual development for a company of its size. That success, however, also underscores Alphabet’s dependence on the fickle business of placing digital ads in core Google products like search, Gmail and YouTube video. As a result, it remains vulnerable to swings in marketing budgets and stiffening competition from another equally ambitious rival, Facebook. Watch all our tech videos below Alphabet was supposed to speed the process of turning offshoot businesses into new technological jackpots. CEO Larry Page predicted that separating these smaller “moonshots” from the massive search-and-advertising business would spur innovation by fostering a more entrepreneurial atmosphere. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened That hasn’t happened during Alphabet’s first year. MAKING THE SHIFT Until Page and fellow Google co-founder Sergey Brin created Alphabet (which turns 1 on Sunday), investors complained that Google was spending too much on high-risk efforts. New Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat, who joined Google in mid-2015, responded by reining in expenses to keep them more in line with revenue growth. A few months later, Page announced the plan to draw a dividing line between Google and the far-flung forays Alphabet now refers to as “Other Bets.” The mishmash includes smart-thermostat maker Nest; the Fiber project, a high-speed internet service; and X lab, where the company is building robotic cars and designing the stratospheric balloons designed to beam internet service to remote areas. Other “Other Bets” include the biotech firm Verily and medical-research firm Calico, which has been studying ways to stop aging. Alphabet also runs funds investing in startups and mid-sized companies. Page argued that fencing off Other Bets would make Google “even better through greater focus.” CORE SUCCESSES That part of Page’s vision appears to be panning out. After subtracting ad commissions, Alphabet’s second-quarter revenue jumped 22 percent from the previous year to $17.5 billion. It was the best performance in four years, adjusted for changes in currency exchange rates, says RBC analyst Mark Mahaney. Alphabet shares rose 25 percent over the past year, easily outpacing major market indexes. Page argued that fencing off Other Bets would make Google even better through greater focus (Source: AP) “Folks will be hard pressed to say that Alphabet hasn’t been a success,” S&P Global Market Intelligence analyst Scott Kessler says. Alphabet Inc. declined to comment on its first-year performance. But Sundar Pichai, who became Google’s CEO in the restructuring, told investors in July, “There is an amazing energy right now.” Among other things, Google has been making strides in the still-nascent field of artificial intelligence, hoping to create more convenient services that attract even more eyeballs for its advertisers. STALLED BETS But the demand for financial discipline and accountability appears to have taken a toll on Other Bets, which lose billions of dollars a year. Key leaders have defected from Alphabet’s high-profile self-driving car project and its Nest line of internet-connected devices. Alphabet also has scaled back plans to expand its Fiber service to dozens of US cities. Creating a holding company also was supposed to make it easier to diversify through major acquisitions. But Alphabet’s biggest deal so far has been the $625 million purchase of a business software maker, Apigee Corp., which had annual revenue of just $92 million. Alphabet could make a much bigger splash if buys Twitter, as recent reports say it is considering. Twitter would give Alphabet a popular publishing outlet to monitor trends, mine data and sell even more ads. Alphabet declined to discuss whether it’s mulling a bid, which would be expensive; Twitter might fetch between $20 and $30 billion, despite its problems with user growth and online harassment. LOOKING BEYOND Google is doing so well that investors aren’t fixating on the losses with Other Bets, Kessler says. Only three Bets _ Nest, Fiber and Verily _ are generating even a smidgen of revenue. In nine months, the Other Bets companies have lost a combined $2.6 billion on revenue of $410 million. Another big loss is expected in the July-September quarter; the company reports results on Oct. 27. BGC analyst Colin Gillis still sees the gamble as prudent and expects at least one of the projects will come up with a breakthrough that lessens Alphabet’s dependence on Google. Optimism is fine as Google keeps growing at a robust rate. But Wall Street will likely ratchet up the pressure if the company falters and nothing emerges from Other Bets to help pick up the slack. Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation BusinessUse indelible ink in banks keeping in mind upcoming bypolls: EC writes to Finance Ministry IndiaNavy rubbishes Pak Navy claim that it stopped Indian submarine from entering waters BusinessDemonetisation live updates: This is a required surgery done for a better India, says Venkaiah Naidu EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsSaha 'does a MS Dhoni' with a brilliant run-out SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News Byomkesh Bakshi to come in new avatar in Bengali sequel India to levy tax on investments from Cyprus from Apr 2017 From flats to stilettos: Exhibit explores what shoes reveal Australia vs South Africa: South Africa show solidarity with captain Faf du Plessis INS Chennai, among the largest indigenous destroyers, to be commissioned into Navy                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
null
Cell Phones & Plans Business Phone Home Phone Internet Television Deals Find the Best Cell Phone and Plan for You PhoneDog's innovative comparison tool can help you save on cell phones and plans. Find the best phone and plan for you today with PhoneDog! Compare Phones and Plans Compare Cell Phones Compare Cell Plans CREDO Mobile Tello Ting T-Mobile Sprint Pix Wireless The People's Operator Republic Wireless Boost Mobile Straight Talk AT&T Virgin Mobile Verizon Wireless Net10 No Contract Plans See all carriers Phone Categories Smartphone Basic Phones Waterproof/Rugged Phablets Free Phones Phone Manufacturers Apple HTC Motorola LG Samsung See All Manufacturers Cell Phone Reviews Cell Phone News Phone vs Phone Cell Phone Videos App Reviews Official Smartphone Rankings VoIP Long Distance Residential VoIP Holiday Deals Trending: iPhone 7 Google Pixel Official Smartphone Rankings Login Register Search Enter your keywords f g+ t Follow @phonedog yt         Top 10 Android Apps of September 2016! Beau Hamilton Tech Video Producer | September 30, 2016 25 shares 6 4 0 0 0 0 9 6 0               We've compiled a 'Top 10' list of our favorite Android apps to hit the Google Play Store in September 2016. The apps highlighted in this video include Google Allo, Bohemian Rhapsody Experience, Snap Swipe Drawer, Muviz, Outfolded, Picas, Particular, Maymay Keyboard, All-in-One Toolbox, and Risk: Total Domination. Which app is your favorite?  Google Allo: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.fi... Bohemian Rhapsody Experience: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.withgoogle.bohemianrha... Snap Swipe Drawer: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fb.iwidget&hl=en Muviz: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.perfectapps.muviz Outfolded: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.threesprockets.outfolded Picas: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.picas.photo.artfilter.... Particular: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.particular Maymay Keyboard: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jwkicklighter.maymayke... All-in-One Toolbox: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=imoblife.toolbox.full Risk: Total Domination: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.hasbro.riskbigscreen Videos Android Apps Google LG V20 Products mentioned LG V20 Previous ArticleApple Watch Series 2 Gold Aluminum Case with Cocoa Sport Band: Hands-On Next ArticleTop 10 iOS Apps of September 2016! Don't forget to VOTE! Each week, PhoneDog Fans vote for their #1 smartphone in the Official Smartphone Rankings. Vote now and contribute to the industry's most relevant weekly ranking charts. Related Posts Apple Watch Series 2 Gold Aluminum Case with Cocoa Sport Band: Hands-On Best Tech of September 2016! RIP Galaxy Note 7 PlayStation VR Unboxing and First Impressions View the discussion thread. Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A206G Alcatel A382G Big Easy Alcatel A392G Alcatel A394C Alcatel Authority Alcatel Big Easy Flip Black Alcatel Cinch Alcatel Dawn Alcatel Fling Black Alcatel Ideal Alcatel Idol 4 Alcatel Idol 4S Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel One Touch Idol Alcatel One Touch Scribe HD Alcatel One Touch Shockwave Alcatel One Touch Ultra Alcatel One Touch Yaris Black Alcatel OneTouch B3G Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL Alcatel ONETOUCH Fling Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel ONETOUCH Pixi Avion Alcatel onetouch Pixi Charm Alcatel onetouch Pixi ECLIPSE Alcatel onetouch Pixi GLITZ Alcatel onetouch Pixi Glory LTE Alcatel onetouch Pixi PULSAR Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel ONETOUCH POP Astro Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Nova Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star 2 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel ONETOUCH Speakeasy Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Sparq II Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire HD Kids Edition 6 inch Blue Amazon Fire Phone Amazon Kindle Fire 7 inch Black Amazon Kindle Fire HD 6 (2014) Amazon Kindle Fire HD 7 Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 inch Black 16GB Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 8.9 Black 16GB Amoi CS6 Silver Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad Apple iPad 2 Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 WiFi and 3G 16GB Black Apple iPad 4th Gen Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Air 2 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad mini 3 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 3 16GB Space Gray Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad mini with Retina display 16GB Silver Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad Pro 9.7 Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4 32GB Black Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 4S 64GB White Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus Apple iPhone 7 Apple iPhone 7 Plus Apple iPhone SE Apple iPod Touch - 8GB Apple new iPad Apple new iPad WiFi and 4G 16GB Black Apple Watch Asus Eee Pad Memo ME370T Asus Eee Slate Asus Google Nexus 7 Asus Memo Pad 10 inch Black ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE Asus PadFone Black Asus Padfone mini Asus PadFone X ASUS PadFone X mini Asus Transformer Asus Transformer Prime TF700T ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenFone 2E Asus ZenFone 4 Asus ZenFone 5 Asus ZenFone 6 ASUS ZenFone Zoom Asus ZenWatch ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Cingular Flip AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z223 GoPhone AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox 8425 Audiovox 9200 Audiovox CDM-105 / CDM-7000 Audiovox CDM-120 Audiovox CDM-8100 Audiovox CDM-8150X Audiovox CDM-8200 Audiovox CDM-8300 Audiovox CDM-8400 / CDM-8410 Audiovox CDM-8450 / CDM-8455 / VI600 Audiovox CDM-8500 Audiovox CDM-8600 Audiovox CDM-8615 Audiovox CDM-8900 Audiovox CDM-8910 / FLASHER V7/PM-8912 Audiovox CDM-8915 / Snapper Audiovox CDM-8930 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox CDM-9100 Audiovox CDM-9150X Audiovox CDM-9155GPX Audiovox CDM-9200X Audiovox CDM-9500 Audiovox CDM-9600 Audiovox CDM-9900 Audiovox CDM-9950 Audiovox HTC-Apache / PPC-6700 Audiovox PC-3320 Audiovox PC-5220 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox PM-8920 Audiovox PPC 4100 Audiovox PPC-5050-Falcon Audiovox PPC-6600/6601 Audiovox SMT-5600 Audiovox THERA / 2032 Audiovox VI600 Audiovox VOX-8610 Audiovox XV6600 B-Mobile B1+ B-Mobile C240 3G Flip Barnes & Noble Nook 16GB Silver BenQ P50 BenQ T60 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 6210 / 6230 BlackBerry 6280 BlackBerry 6510 BlackBerry 6710 BlackBerry 6750 BlackBerry 7100g BlackBerry 7100i BlackBerry 7100r BlackBerry 7100t BlackBerry 7100v BlackBerry 7100x BlackBerry 7105t BlackBerry 7130c BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7230 / 7210 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7270 BlackBerry 7280 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 7510 BlackBerry 7520 BlackBerry 7750 BlackBerry 7780 / 7730 BlackBerry 8700c BlackBerry 8700g BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8800 BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry 8830 BlackBerry 9000-Bold BlackBerry 9330 Titanium BlackBerry 9720 White BlackBerry Apollo BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 3G 9330 Charcoal BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8530 Black BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9300 Black BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9320 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Curve-8300 BlackBerry Curve-8310 Red BlackBerry DTEK50 BlackBerry Javelin BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9100 Black BlackBerry Pearl 3G 9105 Black BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 White BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Pearl-8100 Blue BlackBerry PlayBook BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Q5 White BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Thunder-9500 BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Dash X BLU Life One M Blu Life One X BLU Life One X BLU Life Play S BLU Life Play X BLU LIFE PRO BLU Life Pure BLU Life View BLU Life View Tab BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Pure XR BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 C HD Black BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C 8+8 BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE BLU Vivo 4.8 HD BLU Vivo IV BLU Vivo XL BLU Win HD Neon Green BLU Win JR White Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder - Black & Silver CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compal AR-11 Red E SC1100 Coolpad Arise Coolpad Catalyst Coolpad Flo Coolpad Flo Black Coolpad Rogue Curitel Identity Curitel TX-110C Curitel TX-115C Curitel TX-120C Curitel TX-30B Curitel TX-50C Curitel TX-55C Curitel TX-60B/TX-61B Curitel TX-65B Curitel TX-95C Danger HIPTOP / SIDEKICK Color Danger HIPTOP / T-MOBILE SIDEKICK Danger HIPTOP 2 / SIDEKICK II Danger Sidekick-3 Danger Sidekick-iD Grey Dell Aero Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Dell Venue Dell Venue Pro Digital Chocolate Inc. Crazy Penguin Catapult Digix Tab 730 Double Power Nobis 7 Inch 8GB White DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Ematic 7 Inch HD quad-core Ematic EGD 170 Black Enact by LG Ericsson A1228C Ericsson A1228D / A1228LX Ericsson A2218Z Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson R278D Ericsson R280 / R289 Ericsson R300D / R300LX Ericsson R300Z Ericsson R380 WORLD Ericsson R520 Ericsson T28-World Ericsson T39 Ericsson T60D / T60LX Ericsson T66 Ericsson T68 Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson Z750a Eten Glofiish-X500 Firefly FireFly Franklin 3G-4G USB U600 Franklin CDU-550AL Franklin Ellipsis Jetpack Black Franklin U300 Aircard Franklin U301 USB Device Franklin U600 4G USB Stick Black Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Garmin-Asus nuvifone M20 Generic Manufacturer Sample Giveaway Item Generic Manufacturer VK-530 Google Nexus 10 16GB Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 7 Google Nexus 9 Google Nexus One Google Pixel Google Pixel C Google Pixel XL Hitachi G1000 Hitachi SH-P300 HP H6315 / H6310 HP iPAQ Glisten HP iPAQ hw6510 / hw6515 HP iPAQ-510-Voice-Messenger HP iPAQ-610-Business-Navigator HP IPAQ-6320 HP iPAQ-6325 HP iPAQ-6945 HP iPAQ-910c-Business-Messenger HP iPAQ-hw6915 HP iPAQ-hw6940 HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Netbook 9.7 inch Black HP Palm Pre 2 HP Pre 3 HP Slate 7 HP Slate10 HD HP Slate7 Extreme HP Slate7 Plus HP Slate8 Pro HP TouchPad HP Veer 4G HTC 10 HTC 3125 HTC 5800 HTC 7 Pro HTC 8125 HTC 8525 HTC 8925-Tilt HTC 8XT HTC A11 White HTC A5 Max Gray HTC Accord Black HTC All New One HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC BLUE ANGEL / MDA III / XDA IIS HTC Bolt HTC CANARY / SPV HTC Cedar HTC Dash HTC Dash 3G HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 530 HTC Desire 601 Black HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire C Black HTC Desire EYE HTC Desire Eye HTC Dream HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO V 4G Black HTC EVO View 4G HTC Excalibur HTC Faraday / 2100 / 2125 HTC First HTC Flyer HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC G1 HTC HD 7 HTC HD Mini HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Hero S HTC HIMALAYAS / XDA II / MDA II HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Lancaster HTC Legend HTC M7 (Beta) HTC Magic HTC Magician / MDA Compact HTC Max 4G HTC MDA HTC MDA Basic HTC Merge HTC Merge HTC Mogul HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC myTouch 3G 3.5mm Jack White HTC myTouch 3G Slide Black HTC myTouch 3G White HTC Nexus 9 HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One Google Play edition HTC One M7 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One mini 2 HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One VX White HTC One X HTC One X global HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC P3300 HTC P4300 HTC P4350 HTC P6500 HTC PPC6800 HTC Prophet/i-mate JAMin HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhodium HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC S710 HTC S720 HTC S730 HTC S740 HTC S743 HTC Salsa HTC SDA HTC Sensation HTC Shadow HTC Shift HTC SMT5800 HTC Snap HTC Space Needle/Pocket PC Phone HTC Star Trek/8500 HTC Status HTC Surround HTC TANAGER / SPV E100 / QTEK 7070 HTC Tattoo HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Tornado/SDA HTC Touch HTC Touch Cruise HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Diamond2 HTC Touch HD HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Touch Pro 6850 HTC Touch Viva HTC Touch-Cruise HTC Touch-DUAL HTC Touch-XV6900 HTC Trophy HTC TyTN HTC TyTN-II-Kaiser HTC Vivid HTC VOYAGER / SPV E200 / XPHONE HTC Warhawk HTC Wildfire S HTC Wing HTC X7500 HTC XV6800 Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Mate2 Huawei Ascend P1 S Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend Q Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC-3360 Huawei EC228 Huawei Express Huawei Express Mobile Hotspot Huawei Fusion 2 Black Huawei Fusion U8652 Blue Huawei Glory Huawei GX8 Huawei H110C Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei H881 Black Huawei Honor 5X Huawei Honor 6 Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Honor 8 Huawei Impulse 4G Huawei Inspira Huawei M318 Huawei M328 Huawei M735 Huawei M750 Huawei M835 Huawei M865 Huawei Magna Huawei Mate 8 Huawei Mate 9 Huawei Mate S Huawei Mercury Huawei Mercury Ice Huawei NET10 Home Phone Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei P9 Huawei P9 Plus Huawei Pal Huawei Pillar Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Pinnacle 2 Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Premia 4G Huawei Pronto Huawei Raven Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei Summit Huawei Tap Berry Huawei Tap Midnight Blue Huawei U2800A Pal Black Huawei U3900 Black Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei UMG181 Huawei Union Huawei USBConnect Force 4G Huawei Valiant Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei W1 Huawei Watch i-mate JAM i-mate JAQ i-mate JAQ3 i-mate JASJAR 3G PDA i-mate K-JAM i-mate PDAL i-mate Smartflip i-mate SP3i i-mate SPL i-mate Ultimate 6150 i-mate Ultimate 8150 i-mate Ultimate-8502 i-mate Ultimate-9502 innostream INNO A11 innostream INNO-30 innostream INNO-55 innostream INNO-89 innostream INNO-90 innostream INNO-98 / 99 Jolla Tablet KIN One Kyocera 1135 Kyocera 1155 Kyocera 126C Kyocera 2119 Kyocera 2135 Kyocera 2235 Kyocera 2255 Kyocera 2325 Kyocera 2345 Kyocera 3225 Kyocera 323 Kyocera 3245 Kyocera 3250 Kyocera 5135 Kyocera 7135 Kyocera Adreno-S240 Black Kyocera AKTIV-K480 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera Cyclops-K312 Kyocera Cyclops-K325 Kyocera Deco-E1000 Kyocera Domino Kyocera Dorado-KX13 Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraForce Pro Kyocera DuraForce XD Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraPro Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXE Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXTP Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera Echo Kyocera ENERGI-K490 Kyocera ENERGI-K493 Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Air Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Life Kyocera Hydro REACH Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro View Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K10 Royale Kyocera K132 Kyocera K322 Kyocera K323 Kyocera K342 Kyocera K404 Kyocera K822 Kyocera K9 Kyocera KE413 / KE414 Phantom Kyocera KE424C / KX424 Blade Kyocera KE433 / K7 Rave Kyocera Kona Kyocera KPC-650 Kyocera KPC650 EVDO PC Card Kyocera KPC680-ExpressCard Kyocera KX1-SOHO Kyocera KX12 Kyocera KX16-Candid Kyocera KX18-ANGEL Kyocera KX18-JET Kyocera KX2 Kyocera KX2-KOI Kyocera KX414 Phantom Kyocera KX433 / KX434 Rave Kyocera KX440 / KX444 Kyocera KX9A Kyocera Laylo M1400 Kyocera Lingo-M1000 Kyocera Loft S2300 Black Kyocera Luno Kyocera Mako-S4000 Black Kyocera Melo S1300 Kyocera Milan-KX9B / KX9C Kyocera Milano Kyocera Neo E1100 Kyocera Oystr-KX9d Kyocera Presto Kyocera Presto Kyocera QCP-2035 Kyocera QCP-3035 Kyocera QCP-6035 Kyocera Rally Kyocera Rio Kyocera Rise Kyocera S14-Opal Kyocera S2100 Black Kyocera SE47 / SE44 / V5 Slider Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Slider-Remix-KX5 Kyocera Slider-Sonic Kyocera Strobe-K612B Kyocera Switch-Back Kyocera Tempo-E2000 Kyocera TNT Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve Kyocera Wild-Card Kyocera X-tc M2000 Kyocera Xcursion-KX160 LeapFrog Tic-Talk LeEco Le Pro3 LeEco Le S3 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro LG 221C LG 101 LG 1010 LG 109C LG 1500 LG 200 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 237C LG 290c LG 305C LG 306G LG 306G LG 320G LG 329G LG 400G LG 4015 LG 4050 LG 410G LG 420G Black LG 440G Black LG 441G LG 450 LG 4NE1 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 5450 LG 600G LG 6190 LG 620G LG 800G LG 840G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG A7110 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Apex LG Arena LG Aspire LG Attune LG AX-145 LG AX-245 LG AX-275 Silver LG AX-355 LG AX-390 LG AX-4270 LG AX-490 LG AX-8600 Silver LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX4750 LG AX5000 / UX5000 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG B470 LG Banter LG Banter Touch LG Beacon LG Beacon LG Bliss LG C1300i LG C2000 LG C900 LG CE110 LG CE500 LG CF360 LG CG180 LG CG225 LG CG300 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Classic LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Connect 4G LG Converse LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 2 Black LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG CP150 LG CU320 LG CU400 LG CU500 LG CU500v LG CU515 LG Dare LG Decoy LG Destiny LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV-VX-9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Envoy LG Envoy II LG Escape LG Escape 2 LG Esteem LG Esteem LG Exalt LG Exceed Black LG Exchange LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG F7200 LG F9100 LG F9200 LG Fathom LG Flare LG Freedom LG Fusic-LX550 LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad 8.3 Google Play edition LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Pad X 8.0 LG G Pro 2 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G Watch LG G Watch R LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG G4010 / G4011 LG G4020 LG G5 LG Genesis LG Glance LG Glimmer LG GM730 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG HB620T LG Helix UX310 Orange LG Ignite LG Imprint LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Intuition LG Invision LG K10 LG K3 LG K4 LG K7 LG K8 V LG KE850-Prada LG KE970-Shine LG KF900-Prada LG KP265 LG KP500 Cookie LG KU990-Viewty LG L1150 / L1100 LG L1200 LG L1400 LG L1400i LG L34C LG L35G SIM4 LG L39C LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG LG 530G LG LG-AX-140 LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX-150 LG LX-5550 / VX-5550 LG LX1200 LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX400 LG LX535 LG LX5350 LG LX550 LG Lyric LG M4410 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Migo (sm) LG MM-535 LG Motion 4G LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Muziq-LX-570 Black LG Mystique LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus 2X LG Optimus 4X HD LG Optimus Black LG Optimus C LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F5 LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M LG Optimus M Plus LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus Plus LG Optimus Q LG Optimus Regard LG Optimus S LG Optimus S Purple LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus Slider LG Optimus U LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus V LG Optimus V LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Optimus Zone 3 LG Phoenix LG Phoenix 2 LG PM-225 LG PM-225 LG PM-325 LG Power L22C LG Premier LG Prestige LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Realm Black LG Rebel LG Remarq LG Renoir-KC910 LG Revere LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Black LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Saber LG Scoop LG Select LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Shine-CU720 LG Spirit LG Spirit 4G LG Splendor LG Spyder 830 LG Star Black LG Stylo 2 LG Stylo 2 PLUS LG Stylo 2 V LG Sunrise LG Sunset LG Swift LG Thrive LG TM-220 LG TM-510 LG TP-1100 LG TP-5200 LG TP-5250 LG Transpyre LG Trax-CU575 LG Treasure LTE LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tribute 5 LG Tribute HD LG Tritan LG U8150 LG Ultimate 2 LG UX-210 LG UX-245 LG UX-355 LG UX-390 LG UX220 LG UX4750 LG V10 LG V20 LG Venice LG Venus LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG VI5225 / 5400A LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Voyager LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX-1 / TM-520 LG VX-10 LG VX-2000 LG VX-3100 / 3100A / TM250 LG VX-3200 LG VX-3450 LG VX-4100 LG VX-4270 LG VX-4400 LG VX-4500 LG VX-4600 LG VX-4700 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5200 LG VX-5400 LG VX-6000 LG VX-6100 LG VX-7000 LG VX-8000 LG VX-8100 LG VX-8300 LG VX-8350 LG VX-8500-Chocolate LG VX-8550-Chocolate Black LG VX-8600 LG VX-8700 LG VX-9000 LG VX-9400 LG VX-9800 LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX4650 LG VX5200 LG VX5300 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8350 Red LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Wave-AX380 LG Wine II UN430 Titanium Gray LG X Power LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG Xpression 2 Blue LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Linksys Hi Port Router Lucid 3 by LG Mach Speed Trio Stealth G4 Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro Mach Speed Trio Stealth Pro G2 MEEP Children's Android Tablet Meizu M2 Note Meta M1 MW4003 Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 650 Microsoft Lumia 735 Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot by Novatel Wireless MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless MiTAC MIO-8380 MiTAC MIO-8390 Mitsubishi G310 Mitsubishi G360 Mitsubishi G410 Mitsubishi M900/M430i Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Moto E3 Moto G4 Moto G4 Play Moto G4 Plus Moto Z Force Moto Z Play Motorola HOLLYWOOD/ E815 Motorola 2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Dale-Jarrett Motorola 388C Motorola 408 Motorola A009 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A1200/MING Black Motorola A388 Motorola A6288 Motorola A630 Motorola A630 Motorola A668 Motorola A780 Motorola A810 Motorola A830 Motorola A835 Motorola A840 Motorola A845 Motorola A855 Motorola A920 Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola AURA Motorola Backflip Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola Buzz-ic502 Black Motorola C139 Motorola C155 Motorola C168i Motorola C186i Motorola C250 / C256 Motorola C261 Motorola C290 Motorola C331T Motorola C332 / C331G / C333 Motorola C343 / C343A / C341 Motorola C350G / C353 / C359 GSM Motorola C353T Motorola C370 / C450 Motorola C380 Motorola C381p Motorola C650 Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch Plus i475 Motorola Crush Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID TURBO Black Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid Xyboard 10.1 Motorola Droid Xyboard 8.2 Motorola e1000 Motorola E310 Motorola E380 Motorola E398 Motorola E680 Motorola E815 Motorola Electrify Motorola Electrify 2 Motorola Electrify M Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Grasp Motorola Heron Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola Hollywood-E816 Black Motorola i1 Motorola I2000PLUS Motorola i205 Motorola i215 Motorola i265 Motorola i275 Motorola i285 Motorola i290 Motorola i296 Black Motorola i305 Motorola I30SX Motorola i315 Motorola i325 Motorola i335 Motorola i355 Motorola I35S Motorola i365 Motorola i415 Motorola i425 Motorola i450 Motorola I50SX Motorola i530 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i530y Motorola I55SR / I58SR Motorola i560 Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i580 Motorola i605 Motorola i605 Motorola I60C Motorola i670 Motorola i710 Motorola i710 Motorola i720 Motorola i730 / i733 Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Jeff-Gordon Motorola i736-2004-Nascar-Nextel-Cup-Series-Tony-Stewart Motorola i760 Motorola i776 Motorola i776W Motorola I80S Motorola i830 Motorola i830 Silver Motorola i835 Motorola i836 Motorola i850 Motorola i855 Motorola I85S / I88S Motorola i860 Motorola i870 Motorola i880 Motorola i880 Motorola i885 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola I90C Motorola i920 Motorola i930 Motorola I95CL / I99CL Motorola ic402-Blend Motorola ic602-Buzz Motorola ic902 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR-K1 Cosmic Blue Motorola KRZR-K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Luge Black Motorola Milestone 3 Motorola Milestone Plus Motorola Moto 360 Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto E Black Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto G 4G LTE Motorola Moto G Play Motorola MOTO VE66 Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X (2nd Gen.) Black Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Pure Motorola Moto Z Motorola MOTO Z10 Motorola MOTO ZN200 Motorola MOTO-ACTV-W450 Yellow Motorola MOTOMING-A1600 Motorola MOTOMING-A1800 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM25 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM28 Motorola MOTOROKR-EM30 Motorola MPx Motorola MPX100 Motorola MPX200 Motorola MPX220 Motorola PEBL Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q Motorola Q-11 Motorola Q9 Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9h-Global Motorola Q9m Motorola Quantico W845 Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola Razr V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR VE20 Motorola RAZR-maxx-Ve Motorola RAZR-V3 Silver Motorola RAZR-V3a Motorola RAZR-V3c Motorola RAZR-V3i Motorola RAZR-V3m Motorola RAZR-V3r Fire Red Motorola RAZR-V3s Motorola RAZR-V3t Black Motorola RAZR-V3x Dark Blue Motorola RAZR-V3xx Grey Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola RAZR2-V8 Motorola RAZR2-V9 Motorola RAZR2-V9x Black Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR-Z3 Black Motorola RIZR-Z6c Motorola RIZR-Z6tv Motorola RIZR-Z8 Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR EM35 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola ROKR-E1 Motorola ROKR-E2 Motorola ROKR-E6 Motorola ROKR-Z6 Black Motorola ROKR-Z6m Motorola Roxy-i830 Motorola Sidekick-Slide Motorola SLVR-L7 Motorola SLVR-L7c Black Motorola SLVR-L7e Motorola SLVR-L7i Motorola SLVR-L9 Motorola Stature i9 Motorola Surf A3100 Motorola T191 Motorola T280I Motorola T300P Motorola T720 / T721 Motorola T720I / T722I GSM Motorola T722i Motorola T725E Motorola T730 / T731C Motorola TALKABOUT-T193 / T193M Motorola Theory Motorola TIMEPORT P7382I Motorola TIMEPORT-270C Motorola TIMEPORT-P280 Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola U9 Black Motorola v100 Motorola v120C Motorola v120e Motorola v120T Motorola v120X Motorola V171 Motorola V173 Motorola V176 Motorola V177 Motorola v180 Motorola V188 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V195 Motorola v200 Motorola v220 Motorola V226 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V260 / V262 Motorola v265 Motorola V266 Motorola V276 Motorola v300 Motorola v323 Motorola V325 Motorola V330 Motorola V360 Motorola V365 Motorola V3a Fire red Motorola v400 Motorola V400p Motorola v500 / v525 / v505 Motorola v535 / v545 / v550 / e550 Motorola V540 Motorola V551 Motorola V555 Motorola V557 Motorola v600 Motorola V600 Motorola v60C Motorola v60G Motorola v60I-TDMA / v60TI Motorola v60P / v60S Motorola v60T Motorola v60V Motorola V60X Motorola v620 Motorola v635 Motorola V65p Motorola v66 Motorola v66I Motorola v690 Motorola v70 Motorola v710 Motorola v80 Motorola v810 Motorola V872 Motorola v878 Motorola V980 Motorola VE240 Motorola VE465 Motorola VE75 Black Motorola VU204 Motorola W160 Motorola W175 Motorola W180 Motorola W206 Motorola W213 Motorola W230 Motorola W270 Motorola W315 Black Motorola W370 Motorola W375 Motorola W375g Motorola W376g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W395 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W419G Black Motorola W490 Motorola W490 Motorola W510 Motorola W510 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XPRT Motorola Z6w Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC 232E NEC 515 NEC 525 NEC 535 NEC Terrain Neonode Freerunner Neonode N1 Neonode N2 Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot NETGEAR Unite Netgear Zing NETGEAR Zing Netgear Zing Mobile Hotspot Nextbit Robin NextBook NEXT 10P12 9.7 inch Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nixxo NXG-7300 Nixxo NXG-9230 Nokia 1006 Nokia 1100 Nokia 1101 Nokia 1108 Apple Silver Nokia 1110 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1208 Nokia 1221 Nokia 1260 / 1261 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1606 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2115i/2116i Nokia 2125i/2126i/2128i Nokia 2128 Nokia 2135 Nokia 216 Nokia 2260 Nokia 2270 Nokia 2285 / 2275 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2365i Nokia 2366i Nokia 2600 Nokia 2608 Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2650 Nokia 2651 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2700 Classic Nokia 2855 Nokia 2865 Nokia 3100 Nokia 3108 Nokia 3120 Blue Nokia 3128 Nokia 3155i / VI3155 Nokia 3200 Nokia 3205 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3230 Nokia 3250 Black Nokia 3285 Nokia 3300 Nokia 3360 / 3361 Nokia 3390 Nokia 3395 Nokia 3500-classic Nokia 3555 Nokia 3560 Nokia 3570 Nokia 3585 / 3585I Nokia 3586I / 3588I Nokia 3588i Nokia 3589I / 3587I Nokia 3590 Nokia 3595 Nokia 3600 Nokia 3600-Slide Wine Nokia 3606 Nokia 3610 Nokia 3620 Nokia 3650 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5100 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5140 Nokia 5165 Nokia 5185I Nokia 5220-XpressMusic Nokia 5300 Red Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5320-XpressMusic Nokia 5500-Sport Nokia 5530 XpressMusic Black Nokia 5610 Nokia 5630 XpressMusic Red Nokia 5700-XpressMusic Nokia 5800-XpressMusic Blue Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6015i Nokia 6016i Nokia 6020 Nokia 6021 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6030 Nokia 6060 Nokia 6061 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6086 Nokia 6100 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6101/6102 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6103 Nokia 6108 Nokia 6110 Nokia 6111 Nokia 6120-classic Nokia 6121-classic Nokia 6125 Nokia 6126 Nokia 6131 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6133 Nokia 6136 Nokia 6155i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6165i Nokia 6170 Nokia 6200 Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6215i Nokia 6220 Nokia 6225 / PM6225 Nokia 6230 Nokia 6230i Nokia 6233 Black Nokia 6235i/6236i Nokia 6255i Nokia 6256i Nokia 6260 Nokia 6260 slide Black Nokia 6263 Nokia 6265 Nokia 6267 Nokia 6270 Mist Blue Nokia 6275i Nokia 6280 Grey Nokia 6282 Nokia 6290 Nokia 6300 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6303 Classic Silver Nokia 6305i Nokia 6310I Nokia 6315i Nokia 6340 Nokia 6340I Nokia 6350 Nokia 6360 Nokia 6370 Nokia 6385 Nokia 6500-Slide Nokia 6555 Nokia 6560 Nokia 6585 Nokia 6590 / 6590I Nokia 6600 Nokia 6600-fold Nokia 6600-Slide Nokia 6610 Nokia 6610I Nokia 6620 Nokia 6630 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6651 Nokia 6670 Nokia 6680 Nokia 6682/6681 Nokia 6700 Classic Sliver Nokia 6708 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6800 Nokia 6810 Nokia 6820/6820i Nokia 6822 Nokia 7160 Nokia 7190 Nokia 7200 Nokia 7210 Nokia 7250 / 7250I Nokia 7260 Nokia 7270 Nokia 7280 Nokia 7360 White Amber Nokia 7370 Brown Nokia 7380 Nokia 7510 Nokia 7600 Nokia 7610 Nokia 7610 Supernova Nokia 7700 Nokia 7710 Nokia 7900-Prism Nokia 8260 Nokia 8265 / 8265I Nokia 8270 Nokia 8290 Nokia 8390 Nokia 8600-Luna Nokia 8800 / 8801 Nokia 8800 Arte Nokia 8890 Nokia 9290 Nokia 9300 Nokia 9300i Nokia 9500 Nokia Astound Nokia C6 White Nokia E50 Nokia E51 Nokia E55 Black Aluminium Nokia E61 Nokia E61i Nokia E62 Nokia E63 Ruby Red Nokia E65 Mocca Silver Nokia E66 Nokia E70 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E72 Nokia E73 Mode Nokia E75 Red Nokia E90 Nokia Intrigue 7205 Silver Keypad Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1320 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Red Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 520 Black Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 620 Cyan Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 800 Magenta Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mirage 2605 Nokia Mural Nokia N-Gage Nokia N-GAGE QD Nokia N1 Nokia N70 Nokia n71 Nokia N72 Nokia N73 Nokia N73 Deep Plum Silver Nokia N75 Nokia N76 Red Nokia N78 Nokia N79 Nokia N8 Black Nokia N80 Nokia N81-8GB Nokia N810 Silver Nokia N810 WiMax edition Nokia N82 Nokia N85 Nokia N86 Black Nokia N90 Nokia N900 Nokia N91 Light Chrome Nokia N93 Nokia N95 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia N96 Nokia N97 Nokia N97 Mini Nokia NGage Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Nuron 5230 Nokia Shade 2705 Nokia Shorty Nokia Supernova-7210 Nokia Supernova-7310 Nokia Supernova-7510 Nokia Surge Nokia Tiger White Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Nokia X2 Novatel Broadband2Go Novatel EX720 Express PC Card Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel MiFi Liberate Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel Ovation-U727 Novatel S720 Novatel S720-Wireless-PC-Card Novatel U720 PC/Mac Card Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel USB720 Novatel USB727-Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V620-EV-DO-PC-card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V640-PC-Card Novatel V740 Express Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card o2 XDA Ignito o2 XDA-Stealth OnePlus 2 OnePlus 3 OnePlus 3T OnePlus One OnePlus One OnePlus X Oppo N1 Option GT-Max-3.6-Express Option GT-Max-Wireless-Card Option GT-Ultra Option GT-Ultra-Express Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Palm 680 Palm 700p Palm 700w-CDMA Palm 700wx Palm 750 Palm 755p Blue Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Palm TREO-180 Palm Treo-270 Palm TREO-300 Palm TREO-600-GSM Palm TREO-650 Panasonic ALLURE-EB-TX310 Panasonic DURAMAX-EB-TX220 Panasonic G50 / G51 Panasonic G51U Panasonic G60U Panasonic G70 Panasonic GD55 / A100 Panasonic GD87 / GU87 Panasonic VERSIO-EB-TX320 Panasonic VS7 Panasonic X11 Panasonic X300 Panasonic X500 Panasonic X70 Panasonic X700 Panasonic X800 Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Breeze IV Black Pantech Breeze-C520 Pantech Burst Pantech C150 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech C630 Pantech Caper Pantech CDM-180 Pantech CDM8635 Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Discover Pantech Duo-C810 Pantech Ease Pantech Element Pantech Flex Pantech Hero/PN-8300 Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Ocean Pantech Ocean 2 Pantech P7040p Pantech Perception Pantech Perception Pantech PG-8000 Pantech PG-C120 Pantech PG-C300 Pantech PN-215 Pantech PN-218 Pantech PN-320 Pantech PN-3200 Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech PX-500 Pantech Renue Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Snapper Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem Pantech UMW190 Global USB Modem Pantech Vybe PCD CDM 8950 PCD CDM-8975 PCD Chaser PCD Escapade PCD Razzle PCD Sprint Phone Connect Black PCD TXTM8 PCD Venture Black Pebble Steel Black Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Sagem MY-X-5P Sagem my301L Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A157 Gray Samsung A177 Samsung A580 Samsung Access Samsung Acclaim SCH-r880 Samsung Admire Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Axle Samsung Beam Samsung Beat Samsung Beat DJ M7600 Samsung Beat-SGH-T539 Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Blackjack-2-SGH-617 Black Samsung BlackJack-SGH-i607 Samsung Blast-SGH-T729 Samsung Brightside Samsung Byline R310 Samsung Caliber SCH-r850 Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Character Gray Samsung Chianti Samsung Chrono Samsung Chrono 2 Samsung Cobra M320-Burgundy Samsung Code Samsung Comeback Samsung Comment Samsung Comment 2 Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung Craft SCH-r900 Samsung D415 Samsung D510 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung Diane-Von-Furstenberg-Mobile Samsung DoubleTime Samsung Drift Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E350 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Emporio-Armani-M7500 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epic 4G Touch Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exec SCH-i225 Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung F110-Adidas-miCoach Samsung F700 Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Fin Samsung Finesse r810 Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot-U900 Black Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform 4 Samsung Freeform 5 Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung G800 Samsung Galaxy 4 mini White Samsung Galaxy A5 Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Amp Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Axiom Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy E5 Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express 3 Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Express Prime Samsung Galaxy Gear Samsung Galaxy Go Prime Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy i7500 Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 Ace Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy J1 Mini Samsung Galaxy J2 Samsung Galaxy J3 (2016) Samsung Galaxy J3 V Samsung Galaxy J5 Samsung Galaxy J7 Samsung Galaxy K zoom Samsung Galaxy Legend Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Luna Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 5.8 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Metrix 4G Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Note5 Samsung Galaxy Note7 Samsung Galaxy On5 Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Premier Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 White Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Aviator Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket HD Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S WiFi 4.2 White Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung Galaxy S7 Active Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Samsung Galaxy Sky Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S White Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Tab4 7.0 White Samsung Galaxy TabPRO Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear Live Samsung Gear S Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gear S3 Classic Samsung Gear S3 Frontier Samsung Gem Samsung Gleam-U700 Samsung Glint Pink Samsung Gloss SCH-U440 Samsung Glyde Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung GT2 Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Gusto 3 Blue Samsung Haven Samsung Heat Samsung Highlight Samsung Highlight T749 Ice Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung i400 Samsung i740 Samsung i8510 Samsung i900-Omnia Samsung Illusion Samsung Impact Samsung Impression Samsung Indulge Samsung Infinity Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Instinct s30 Touch of Copper Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830w Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung JetSet-R550 Samsung Jitterbug-SPH-A110 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Katalyst-SGH-T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung LTE MiFi Samsung LTE Mobile HotSpot Pro Samsung Lucello Samsung M140 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M3200-Beat-S Samsung M330 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M510 Pink Samsung M520 Samsung M575 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Mantra M340 Samsung Memoir Samsung Mesmerize Samsung Messager II R560 Samsung Messager III Samsung Messager R450 Samsung Messager Touch SCH-r630 Blue Samsung Mirage-i907 Samsung MM-A700 Samsung MM-A800 Samsung MM-A880 Samsung MM-A900 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A920 Samsung MM-A940 Samsung Moment Samsung Mondi WiMAX SWD-M100 Samsung Montage Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung MyShot II R460 Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia HD i8910 Samsung Omnia II Samsung P300 Samsung Pivot Samsung Pixon-M8800 Samsung PM-A740 Samsung PM-A840 Samsung Precedent Samsung Profile Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Repp Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby III Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S125 Black Samsung S150G Black Samsung S275G Samsung S336C Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH r451c Samsung SCH-A220 Samsung SCH-A310 Samsung SCH-A530 Samsung SCH-A570 Samsung SCH-A610 Samsung SCH-A630 Samsung SCH-a645 Samsung SCH-A650 Samsung SCH-A670 Samsung SCH-A690 Samsung SCH-A770 Samsung SCH-A790 Samsung SCH-A850 Samsung SCH-A870 Samsung SCH-A890 Samsung SCH-A930 Samsung SCH-A950 Samsung SCH-A970 Samsung SCH-A990 Samsung SCH-I600 / SP-I600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-i760 Samsung SCH-i830 Samsung SCH-N150 Samsung SCH-N330 Samsung SCH-N370 Samsung SCH-R200 Samsung SCH-R300 Samsung SCH-R400 Samsung SCH-R410 Samsung SCH-r470 Red Samsung SCH-r500 Hue Samsung SCH-R610 Samsung SCH-T300 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U340-Snap Samsung SCH-U410 Samsung SCH-U420 Samsung SCH-u430 Black Samsung SCH-U470-Juke Navy Samsung SCH-U520 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U550 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung SCH-U740 Alias Samsung Seek Samsung SGH A237-Blue Samsung SGH A777 Blue Samsung SGH T429 Samsung SGH-A107 Samsung SGH-a127 Samsung SGH-A137 Samsung SGH-A167 Samsung SGH-A187 Blue Samsung SGH-A197 Black Samsung SGH-A226 Samsung SGH-A227 Samsung SGH-A437 Red Samsung SGH-A517 Samsung SGH-A637 Samsung SGH-a657 Samsung SGH-A717 Samsung SGH-A727 Samsung SGH-A736 Samsung SGH-A737 Blue Samsung SGH-C207 Samsung SGH-C225 Samsung SGH-C416 Black Samsung SGH-C417 Grey Samsung SGH-D100 Samsung SGH-D307 Samsung SGH-D357 Samsung SGH-D407 Samsung SGH-D415 / SGH-D410 Samsung SGH-D500 Samsung SGH-D520 Samsung SGH-D600 Samsung SGH-D700 Samsung SGH-D720 Samsung SGH-d800 Samsung SGH-D806 Black Samsung SGH-D807 Grey Samsung SGH-D820 Samsung SGH-D840 Samsung SGH-D900 Samsung SGH-E105 Samsung SGH-E315 Samsung SGH-E316 / SGH-E317 Samsung SGH-E335 Samsung SGH-E360 Samsung SGH-E400 Samsung SGH-E600 Samsung SGH-E610 Samsung SGH-E630 Samsung SGH-E635 Samsung SGH-E640 Samsung SGH-E715 Samsung SGH-E720 Samsung SGH-E730 Samsung SGH-E760 Samsung SGH-E770 Samsung SGH-E840 Samsung SGH-E870 Samsung SGH-E880 Samsung SGH-E900 Samsung SGH-i250 Samsung SGH-i300 Samsung SGH-i320 Samsung SGH-I505 / SGH-I500 Samsung SGH-I700 Samsung SGH-N105 Samsung SGH-N625 Samsung SGH-P100 Samsung SGH-P107 Samsung SGH-P207 Samsung SGH-P400 / SGH-P408 Samsung SGH-P500 Samsung SGH-P705 Samsung SGH-P716 / SGH-P710 Samsung SGH-P735 / SGH-P730 Samsung SGH-P777 Samsung SGH-P850 Samsung SGH-Q105 Samsung SGH-R225 / SGH-R225M Samsung SGH-S105 / SGH-S100 Samsung SGH-S200 Samsung SGH-S300 / SGH-S300M Samsung SGH-S307 Samsung SGH-T101G Samsung SGH-T139 Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung SGH-T201G Samsung SGH-T209 Red Samsung SGH-T219 Chocolate Samsung SGH-T229 Samsung SGH-T239 Maroon Samsung SGH-T249 Blue Samsung SGH-T259 Samsung SGH-T301G Samsung SGH-t309 Samsung SGH-t319 Samsung SGH-t349 Samsung SGH-T369 Samsung SGH-T409 Samsung SGH-T439 Samsung SGH-T509 Silver Samsung SGH-T509s Plum Samsung SGH-T519 Trace Samsung SGH-T609 Samsung SGH-T619 Samsung SGH-T629 Samsung SGH-T639 Samsung SGH-t659 Samsung SGH-T709 Samsung SGH-T719 Samsung SGH-T809 Samsung SGH-t819 Samsung SGH-V100 Samsung SGH-V205 / V200 / V206 Samsung SGH-X105 Samsung SGH-X400 Samsung SGH-X426 / SGH-X427 Samsung SGH-X450 Samsung SGH-X475 Samsung SGH-X480 Samsung SGH-X495 Samsung SGH-X496 Samsung SGH-X497 Samsung SGH-X506 Samsung SGH-X507 Samsung SGH-X640 Grey Samsung SGH-X660 Samsung SGH-X820 Samsung SGH-X830 Black Samsung SGH-ZX10 Samsung SGH-ZX20 Samsung Showcase Samsung Sidekick 4G Samsung Slash Samsung SLM-SGH-A747 Blue Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Socializer B3310 Pink Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung SPH-A250 Samsung SPH-A400 Samsung SPH-A420 Samsung SPH-A460 Samsung SPH-A500 Samsung SPH-A520 Samsung SPH-A540 Samsung SPH-A560 Samsung SPH-A580 Samsung SPH-A600 Samsung SPH-A620 / VGA1000 Samsung SPH-A640 Samsung SPH-A660 / VI660 Samsung SPH-A680 / VM-A680 Samsung SPH-A740 Samsung SPH-A760 Samsung SPH-A820 Samsung SPH-A860 Samsung SPH-A960 Samsung SPH-I300 Samsung SPH-i325-Ace Samsung SPH-I330 Samsung SPH-I500 Samsung SPH-I550 Samsung SPH-I700 Samsung SPH-M300 Silver Samsung SPH-M500 Red Samsung SPH-M610 Samsung SPH-N200 Samsung SPH-N240 Samsung SPH-N270 Matrix Samsung SPH-N290 Samsung SPH-N400 Samsung SPH-P9000 Samsung SPH-S100 Samsung SPH-Z400 Samsung SPH/SCH-N300 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stratosphere II Black Samsung Stride R335 Samsung Strike T459 Lime Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Stripe-SGH-T329 Black Samsung Strive Samsung Stunt Samsung Suede Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung SYNC-SGH-A707 Samsung T105G Black Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T245G Gray Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung Tocco T919 Samsung Trance Samsung Transfix SCH-R730 Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung Trill SCH-r520 Samsung Trinity Samsung U370 Black Samsung U430 Samsung Ultra Touch S8300 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung UpStage-M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung Vitality Samsung Wafer-R510 Samsung Wave S8500 Samsung X495 Samsung Z500 Samsung Z510 Samsung Z540 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Juno SCP2700 Deep Blue Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana Blue Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo Katana-DLX Champagne Sanyo Katana-II Cosmic Black Sanyo M1 Sanyo M1 Sanyo Mirro SCP3810 Sanyo MM-5600 Sanyo MM-7500 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo MM-8300 Red Sanyo MM-9000 Sanyo MM7400 Sanyo MVP Sanyo PM8200 / SCP-8200 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo RL-4930 Sanyo RL4920 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-200 Pink Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2400 Misty Rose Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3100 Pure Silver Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3200 Black Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo SCP-4700 Sanyo SCP-4900 Sanyo SCP-5150 Sanyo SCP-5300 Sanyo SCP-5400 / RL2500 Sanyo SCP-5500 / VM4500 Sanyo SCP-6000 Sanyo SCP-6200 Sanyo SCP-6400 Sanyo SCP-7000 Black Sanyo SCP-7050 Sanyo SCP-7200 / RL2000 Sanyo SCP-7300 / RL7300 Sanyo SCP-8100 Sanyo SCP-8400 Midnight Black Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo VI-2300 Pink Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sendo M551 Sendo S-251 Sendo X Sendo Z100 Sharp 903 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp Aquos Crystal White Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Sharp GX-10 / GX-10I Sharp GX-15 / GZ100 Sharp GX-20 / GX-22 Sharp GX-25 Sharp GX-30 / GX-32 Sharp Sidekick 3 Sharp Sidekick-LX Blue Sharp T-Mobile Sidekick - Tony Hawk Edition Sharp TM-100 Sharp TM-150 Sharp TM-200 Sharp Z-800-Audiovox-7900 Siemens A56 / A56I Siemens A60 Siemens A65 Siemens C56 Siemens C60 Siemens C61 Siemens C62 Siemens CF62T Siemens CF63 / CF62/CF62t Siemens CT56 Siemens CT66 / C66 / C65 Siemens CX66 / CX65 Siemens M46 Siemens M55 Siemens M56 Siemens M65 Siemens MC60 Siemens S40 Siemens S46 Siemens S55 Siemens S56 Siemens S66 Siemens SK65 Siemens SL55 Siemens SL56 Siemens SL65 Siemens SX1 Siemens SX56 Siemens SX66 Siemens U10 Siemens U15 Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 250U Aircard Silver Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PC Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PC/Mac Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597E-PC-Card Sierra Wireless Air-Card-875 Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Aircard-860 Sierra Wireless Aircard-875u Sierra Wireless AirCard-881 Sierra Wireless Mercury USB Modem Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Sierra Wireless Overdrive Pro Mobile Hotspot Sierra Wireless U597 Aircard Sierra Wireless Unite Sierra Wireless USBConnect Shockwave Sierra Wireless USBConnect-881 Sierra Wireless VOQ-A11 SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP5 Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson C510 Silver Sony Ericsson C702a Sony Ericsson C901 Noble Black Sony Ericsson C902 Red Sony Ericsson C903 Red Sony Ericsson C905 Sony Ericsson D750 Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson G700 Business Edition Sony Ericsson GC79 Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC82 Sony Ericsson GC83 Sony Ericsson GC89 Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson GC99 Sony Ericsson Idou Sony Ericsson J220 Sony Ericsson J300a Sony Ericsson K500 Sony Ericsson K510a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson K600i Sony Ericsson K660i Red Sony Ericsson K700I Sony Ericsson K750i Sony Ericsson K770 Truffle Brown Sony Ericsson K790 Sony Ericsson K790a Sony Ericsson K800-Euro Sony Ericsson K850i Sony Ericsson M600i Sony Ericsson Mix Walkman Sony Ericsson P800 Sony Ericsson P900 Sony Ericsson P910 Sony Ericsson P990i Sony Ericsson R300 Antique Copper Sony Ericsson R306a Sony Ericsson S312 Dawn Blue Sony Ericsson S500 Sony Ericsson S700I Sony Ericsson S710A Sony Ericsson T106 Sony Ericsson T200 Sony Ericsson T206 Sony Ericsson T226 Sony Ericsson T237 Sony Ericsson T280a Sony Ericsson T290 Sony Ericsson T300 Sony Ericsson T306 Sony Ericsson T310 Sony Ericsson T316 Sony Ericsson T600 Sony Ericsson T606 Sony Ericsson T608 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson T616 Sony Ericsson T61C Sony Ericsson T61D / T61LX Sony Ericsson T61Z Sony Ericsson T62U Sony Ericsson T630 Sony Ericsson T637 Sony Ericsson T68I Sony Ericsson T700 Sony Ericsson T707 Mysterious Black Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson txt pro Sony Ericsson V800 Sony Ericsson W200 Sony Ericsson W300i Sony Ericsson W302 White Sony Ericsson W380a electric purple Sony Ericsson W395 Blush Titanium Sony Ericsson W508 Sony Ericsson W580i White Sony Ericsson W595 Sony Ericsson W600i Sony Ericsson W610 Sony Ericsson W705 Sony Ericsson W710i Sony Ericsson W715 Sony Ericsson W760 Black Sony Ericsson W800i Sony Ericsson W810 Sony Ericsson W850 Sony Ericsson w850i Sony Ericsson W890i Black Sony Ericsson W900i White Sony Ericsson W902 Sony Ericsson W910 Black Sony Ericsson W950 Sony Ericsson W980 Sony Ericsson W995 Progressive Black Sony Ericsson Xperia Arc Misty Silver Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 Mini Pro Sony Ericsson Xperia X2 Sony Ericsson XPERIA-X1 Sony Ericsson Z200 Sony Ericsson Z300a Sony Ericsson Z310a Jet Black Sony Ericsson Z500 / Z500a Sony Ericsson Z520a Sony Ericsson Z525a Sony Ericsson Z550a Sterling Sony Ericsson Z555a Black Sony Ericsson Z600 Sony Ericsson Z610 Airy Blue Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Ericsson Z780 Grand Onyx Sony SmartWatch 3 Sony Xperia acro S Black Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia L Red Sony Xperia M Yellow Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia P Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia S Sony Xperia SP Sony Xperia SP White Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia Tablet Z Sony Xperia tipo dual Classic Black Sony Xperia tipo Serene Black Sony Xperia TL Sony Xperia U Sony Xperia X Sony Xperia X Performance Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia XA Sony Xperia XA Ultra Sony Xperia XT Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z Ultra Sony Xperia Z1 Sony Xperia Z1 Compact Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z2 tablet Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z3v White Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Sony Z Ultra Google Play edition SpareOne Emergency Phone Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 665 Navy Blue T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sonic 2.0 Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Wing Telson TDC-8100 Toshiba CDM-9950 / VM4050 Toshiba Excite 10 LE Toshiba Excite Pro Toshiba Excite Pure Toshiba Excite Write Toshiba TG01 Toshiba Thrive 16GB Toshiba VM-4050 Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo UNIMAX MAXPatriot Unimax MXE-675 Unimax U671C Black UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom 5740-PC-Card UTStarcom Arc-CDM-8074 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom Casio-G'zOne-Type-S UTStarcom CDM-220 UTStarcom CDM-7025 UTStarcom CDM-7026 UTStarcom CDM-7075 UTStarcom CDM-7126 UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom G'zOne UTStarcom Knick UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom PC5750-PC-Card UTStarcom PCS-1450 / CDM-1450 UTStarcom Quickfire Gray UTStarcom Shuttle UTStarcom Slice-PCS-1400 UTStarcom UM150-USB-Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB Velocity Micro Cruz 10 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz 7 inch 4GB Black Velocity Micro Cruz T510 10 inch Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon Adamant Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Wireless 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon Wireless Ellipsis Black 7 Inch Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MiFi 5510L Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe Visual Land Prestige 7Q Black Vizio VIA Phone Vizio VIA Tablet VK Mobile Kickflip vtech A700 Wikipad 7 inch tablet Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xiaomi Mi 3 Xiaomi Mi 4i Xiaomi Redmi 2 Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 Zenum International Mobile Hotspot ZTE 4G LTE Router with Voice ZTE Agent ZTE Allstar ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE AT&T Home Phone Connect ZTE Atrium ZTE Avail ZTE Avail 2 ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Avid Plus ZTE AWE ZTE Axon 7 ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE C78 ZTE C79 ZTE Chorus ZTE Citrine ZTE Compel ZTE Compel Black ZTE Concord II ZTE Director ZTE Engage ZTE Engage LT ZTE Flash ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S ZTE Grand S II ZTE Grand S Pro ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X 3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Groove Black ZTE Illustra ZTE Imperial ZTE Jetpack ZTE Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot EuFi890 ZTE Lever ZTE LivePro ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Maven 2 ZTE Max Duo ZTE Memo ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE MSGM8 II ZTE Mustang ZTE Mustang ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Nubia Z11 ZTE Nubia Z5 ZTE Obsidian ZTE Optik ZTE Optik ZTE Overture ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Paragon ZTE Prelude ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Reef ZTE Salute ZTE Savvy ZTE Scend ZTE Score ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Sonata 4G White ZTE Source Black ZTE Speed ZTE Stratos ZTE Supreme ZTE Supreme ZTE Tempo ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Unite ZTE Valet ZTE Velocity ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp 7 ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Whirl 2 ZTE Whirl 2 Black ZTE Z221 Black ZTE Z222 ZTE Z331 Black ZTE Z431 Black ZTE Z432 ZTE Z432 Black ZTE Z667 ZTE Z768 Midnight Blue ZTE Z990 ZTE Z992 Black ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 ZTE ZMax Pro ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-day cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-minute cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid pay-per-month 400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL U Prepaid Pay-per-month 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Family Choice Plan cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 1600 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 4500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 6500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Greater Freedom 700 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 1000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless My Circle Family Choice Plus 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Family Choice Premier 2200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless MyCircle Smart Choice 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 1400 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 2100 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 4000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 6000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 750 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom 900 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless National Freedom Unlimited cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 1200 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 2000 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 500 cell phone plan details ALLTEL Wireless Smart Choice Pack 5500 cell phone plan details amp'd $100 National 3000 cell phone plan details amp'd $150 National Unlimited cell phone plan details amp'd $30 National 500 cell phone plan details amp'd $70 National 1500 cell phone plan details amp'd End The Boredom cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overdose cell phone plan details amp'd Unlimited Forever Overload cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 200 MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 250MB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB 2YR cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect 5GB for 4G LTE Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for 3GB for Tablets cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for iPad 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 250MB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 3GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataConnect for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPlus 300MB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for BlackBerry for 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone 4S cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for iPhone cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones 4G cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 3GB for Smartphones cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry for 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for BlackBerry Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone 4S Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for iPhone Personal Hotspot cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones 4G Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T DataPro 5GB for Smartphones Tethering cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $2 Daily Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $25 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $35 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Monthly cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone 10¢ per Minute cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 250MB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 3GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone 5GB of data for tablets cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone $2 day Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details AT&T GoPhone Smartphone 10¢ per minute cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (10GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (15GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (1GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (20GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (2GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (300MB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (30GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (40GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (4GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (50GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Additional Line Smartphone (6GB) cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 100GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 16GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Advantage 80GB AT&T Mobile Share Data 20GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 40GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Data 4GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Basic or Messaging 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone No annual service contract 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 10GB-50GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Smartphone Two-year agreement 300MB-6GB plans cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share Value Additional Line Wireless Home Phone cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB cell phone plan details AT&T Mobile Share with Unlimited Talk & Text 8GB cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 1350 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 2000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 450 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation 900 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 1400 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 2100 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 3000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 4000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 6000 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family 700 w/Canada and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $49.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Family Talk Additional Line $9.99 cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 1400 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 2100 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 550 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk 700 w/ Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Nation FamilyTalk Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation Unlimited cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 1400 - NWCFT1400 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 2100 - NWCFT2100 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 3000 - NWCFT3000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 4000 - NWCFT4000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 6000 - NWCFT6000 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Nation with Canada FamilyTalk 700 - NWCFT700 - Additional Line cell phone plan details AT&T Senior Nation 200 cell phone plan details AT&T Unlimited Data with DIRECTV AT&T Unlimited Home Phone Calling cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1350 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 1400 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 2000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 2100 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 3000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 4000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 450 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico 6000 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 700 FamilyTalk cell phone plan details | PhoneDog AT&T Viva Mexico 900 and Rollover cell phone plan details AT&T Viva Mexico Additional Line cell phone plan details | PhoneDog BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 250MB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB BOOM! Mobile Unlimited Talk & Text 5GB Boost Mobile $35 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $45 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $50 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Data Boost Plan cell phone plan details Boost Mobile $55 Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $2 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Daily Unlimited $3 cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Family Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data Boost Mobile Pay As You Go Phone 20¢ per minute cell phone plan details Boost Mobile Unlimited Starter Boost Mobile Unlimited Unhook'd Cellular One Local 3000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 1600 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 2200 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 4000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 500 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 6000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National 9000 cell phone plan details Cellular One National Workday cell phone plan details Cellular One Regional 2600 cell phone plan details Cellular One Statewide 400 cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - National Anytime cell phone plan details Cellular One Stop Counting Minutes - Statewide cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 1800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 400 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Nation 800 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1000 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 1500 cell phone plan details Centennial Wireless Blue Region 600 cell phone plan details CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan Cricket $25 Talk & Text cell phone plan details Cricket $40 Basic Plan or $35 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $50 Smart plan or $45 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Cricket $60 Pro plan or $55 after Auto Pay credit cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Alpha $30 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Battalion $160 4 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Bravo $35 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Brigade $240 6 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Charlie $45 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Delta $60 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Platoon $145 3 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Regiment $195 5 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Squad $110 2 member family plan cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Xray $80 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Yankee $100 monthly cell phone plan details Defense Mobile Zulu $110 monthly cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1200 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 10000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1100 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 1500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 3500 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 6000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless LocalEdge 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 1250 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 600 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalCarryover 800 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 1300 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 2000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 3000 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 450 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 750 cell phone plan details Edge Wireless NationalEdge 900 cell phone plan details Einstein Basic cell phone plan details Einstein Extreme cell phone plan details Einstein Plus cell phone plan details Einstein Value cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 1000 cell phone plan details Einstein Wisconsin 500 cell phone plan details FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan Liberty Wireless 10 Cents A Minute Flat Rate cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 2000 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Anytime 800 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless My TopTwo Unlimited N&W 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 200 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 350 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless Nights & Weekends 650 cell phone plan details Liberty Wireless True Liberty cell phone plan details MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $45 Unlimited cell phone plan details MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Data, Talk and Text cell phone plan details MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $40 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $50 plan cell phone plan details MetroPCS Additional Lines 3-5 for the $60 plan cell phone plan details Net10 $35 Unlimited Talk and Text cell phone plan details Net10 $40 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $60 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $65 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 $75 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data cell phone plan details Net10 1000 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 200 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 500 Minutes 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Four People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Three People cell phone plan details Net10 Family Plan Two People cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited International Talk, Text, Data 30 Day Monthly Plan cell phone plan details Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide calling cell phone plan details Net10 Wireless Home Phone Unlimited Nationwide plus International calling cell phone plan details NTelos $39.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $49.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $59.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $69.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos $99.99 Unlimited Regional cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $29.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $39.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $49.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $59.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $79.99 cell phone plan details NTelos Nation - $99.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $55.99 cell phone plan details NTelos NTELOS HomeFree Region - $75.99 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless Nationwide 100 cell phone plan details Opex Wireless On-The-Fly cell phone plan details Pix Wireless $10 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $10 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $12 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $12 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $15 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $15 GSM Weekly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $20 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $20 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $20 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $25 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $25 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $30 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $30 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $30 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $35 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $40 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $40 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $50 GSM Blue Pix Wireless $50 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $55 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $65 CDMA Monthly Pix Wireless $75 CDMA Pay GO Pix Wireless $75 GSM Pay GO Pix Wireless $9 CDMA Weekly Pix Wireless $9 GSM Weekly Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 1500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 200 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 2500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 3000 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 500 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Plus 750 cell phone plan details Qwest Wireless Cross Country Unlimited cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Mexico Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $55 Smartphone Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract $65 Global Plan cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $25 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Feature Plan $35 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $50 cell phone plan details RadioShack No Contract Muve Music Plan $60 cell phone plan details Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan Republic Wireless Clear Choice Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 10GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 4GB Data Republic Wireless Unlimited Talk & Text 6GB Data ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $10 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $100 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $25 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $5 SpeedTalk Mobile PayGo $50 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $15 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $18 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $5 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $80 SpeedTalk Mobile Special $9 Sprint 100MB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 12GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 1GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 12GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Broadband Connection 6GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3G or 4G Mobile Hotspot Connection 3GB cell phone plan details Sprint 3GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint 6GB Tablet plan cell phone plan details Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Basic Plan cell phone plan details Sprint Better Choice L Sprint Better Choice M Sprint Better Choice S Sprint Better Choice XL Sprint Better Choice XS Sprint Better Choice XXL Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $15 per non-discounted phone 20BB-60GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $25 per non-discounted phone 600MB-16GB options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Additional Line $40 per discounted phone all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Mobile Broadband $20 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint Family Share Pack Tablet $10 per non-discounted all data options cell phone plan details Sprint My All-in cell phone plan details Sprint Phone Connect cell phone plan details Sprint Premium Data add-on cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $35 unlimited talk & text with 1GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $45 unlimited talk & text with 3GB data cell phone plan details Sprint PrePaid $55 unlimited talk & text with 6GB data cell phone plan details Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited Freedom Sprint Unlimited Freedom Premium Sprint Unlimited My Way cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited My Way Family cell phone plan details Sprint Unlimited Single Line Sprint Unlimited Talk, Text & High Speed Data Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited Straight Talk Unlimited Plus International SunCom now T-Mobile America 1200 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 1800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 2300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 300 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America 800 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile America Unlimited cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 1250 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 2500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional 500 cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile Regional UnPlan cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile SunCom NEW cell phone plan details SunCom now T-Mobile UnPlan Tri-Cities 2000 cell phone plan details SureWest Local Value - 2yr. - $29.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited - 2yr. - $33.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 1yr. - $45.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited California - 2yr. - $39.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 1yr. - $49.00 cell phone plan details SureWest Unlimited USA - 2yr. - $44.00 cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Additional Line Simple Choice Unlimited cell phone plan details T-Mobile Old Family plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile ONE T-Mobile ONE Plus T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 10.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 12GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 2.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 4.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 6.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Overage-Free Mobile Broadband 8.5GB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Pay As You Go T-Mobile PrePaid 1000 Whenever minutes $100 cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid 1500 Talk & Text (with 30MB of data) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and High Speed Internet (first 5GB at up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Talk, Text and Web (first 100 MB up to 4G speeds) cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile PrePaid Unlimited Text and 10¢/minute cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice 1GB 4G LTE Data plan cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 2.5GB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice 500MB Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Choice No Credit Check T-Mobile Simple Choice Prepaid T-Mobile Simple Choice Unlimited Family cell phone plan details T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Family T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text Telcel America 30 Days Basic International $29 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Plus Plan Unlimited $60 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $40 cell phone plan details Telcel America 30 Days Unlimited International Service $50 cell phone plan details Telcel America 7 Days Unlimited Plus Plan $20 cell phone plan details Tello $10 Pay As You Go Tello $10 Talk & Text Tello $10 Talk Only Tello $10 Talk-Text-Data Tello $11 Data Only Tello $12 Talk-Text-Data Tello $13 Talk-Text-Data Tello $14 Talk-Text-Data Tello $16 Talk-Text-500MB Tello $16 Talk-Text-Data Tello $17 Talk-Text-Data Tello $18 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $18 Talk-Text-Data Tello $19 Talk-Text-Data Tello $20 Pay As You Go Tello $20 Talk-Text-Data Tello $21 Data Only Tello $21 Talk-Text-1GB Tello $21 Talk-Text-Data Tello $24 Talk-Text-Data Tello $27 Talk-Text-Data Tello $45 Data Only Tello $5 Pay As You Go Tello $5 Talk & Text Tello $5 Talk Only Tello $50 Pay As You Go Tello $6 Talk & Text Tello $7 Talk Only Tello $8 Talk & Text Tello $9 Talk-Text-Data Tello Unlimited Talk & Text Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 200MB Tello Unlimited Talk & Text 2GB Tello Unlimited Talk Only TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 12GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TPO Goodness to Go Big TPO Goodness to Go Low TPO Goodness to Go Mega TPO Goodness to Go More TPO Goodness to Go Plus TPO Goodness to Go Pro TPO Infinity TPO Unlimited Goodness Caring TPO Unlimited Goodness Global TPO Unlimited Goodness Gracious TPO Unlimited Goodness Hero TPO Unlimited Goodness Kind TPO Unlimited Goodness Noble TPO Unlimited Goodness North America TPO Unlimited Goodness People's TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 30 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 40 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 50 TPO Unlimited Monthly Goodness 65 Tracfone $19.99 plan - 60 units cell phone plan details Tracfone $29.99 plan - 120 units cell phone plan details TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 125 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 200 Value Plan cell phone plan details TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan Tracfone 50 Family Value Plan cell phone plan details Tracfone 50 Value Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 10GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 12GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 14GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 16GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 18GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 1GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 20GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 2GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 300MB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 30GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 3GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 40GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 4GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 50GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 6GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 75GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Data Only Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular 8GB Shared Data Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk & Text Additional Line cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Family Talk 1000 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 2GB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect 500MB Data, Unlimited Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Simple Connect Unlimited Data for Basic Phones cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Talk Only Pay-As-You-Go-Minutes cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Prepaid Unlimited Data, Talk & Text cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Basic Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Home Phone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Mobile Hotspot cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Tablet cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Vehicle Monitoring cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Shared Data Plan Additional Line Wireless Modem cell phone plan details U.S. Cellular Talk 450 & Unlimited Text Plan cell phone plan details US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1500 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 5000 Mins Talk US Mobile 750 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless $60 Single Line Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 150 MB Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless 25 MB Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Basic cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Broadband cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Camera cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line plus Canada Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Smartphone cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Tablets cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk and Text Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Additional Line Talk Unlimited Family cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Data Only 8GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 10 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband 5 GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for iPad 2 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 10GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Mobile Broadband for Tablets 5GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic 700 Minutes cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Basic Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything Tablet Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless More Everything USB Modem or Jetpack Plan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide 65 Plus Two-Line SharePlan cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Messaging Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 1350 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 3000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 4000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide plus Canada Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Premium Family SharePlan 6000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 450 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text 900 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk and Text Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 1400 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 2000 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan 700 cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Family SharePlan Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Talk Unlimited cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Nationwide Unlimited Push-To-Talk cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.00 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $0.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $1.99 Daily cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $15 for 250 MB of data weekly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $35 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $45 ALLSET Plan (Basic Phones) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 for 3 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $60 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 2GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $70 Monthly Unlimited Talk, Text, and 4GB cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid $90 for 10 GB of data monthly cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 450 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text 900 (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Talk and Text Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid 3G Monthly Unlimited (Smartphones and BlackBerrys) cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon Prepaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Prepaid Verizon PrePaid cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Unlimited Corporate Email & Web cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Corporate Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Data & Web with Mobile Email cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for BlackBerry cell phone plan details Verizon Wireless Unlimited Email & Web for Smartphones cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk BlackBerry $50 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $35 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Beyond Talk for BlackBerry $70 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $25 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go $55 cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Broadband2Go 100 MB for 10 days cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Data Love Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Basic Rate cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data & Text Plus 300 minutes cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Data, Talk, & Text cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything plus International cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Unlimited plus International plus Extra cell phone plan details Virgin Mobile Virgin mobile #5 cell phone plan details Number of Lines: - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes: Unlimited Messages: 500 Data: Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB125MB150MB200MB250MB300MB375MB400MB500MB600MB625MB700MB800MB900MB938MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB24GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Featured Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 2 days ago 7 shares 4 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 LeEco Le Pro3 Unboxing and First Impressions Beau Hamilton 1 week 6 days ago iPhone 7 Review: One Month Later! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 4 days ago 12 shares 7 2 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 MacBook Pro (13-inch 2016) Unboxing! Marco Hanna 2 weeks 6 days ago 10 shares 6 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 More Featured Articles Official Smartphone Rankings People's Choice Expert's Choice HTC 10 22 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 9 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × LG G5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Huawei Nexus 6P 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Samsung Galaxy Note 5 8 Votes Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Apple iPhone 7 Plus 1 Votes Apple iPhone 7 2 Votes HTC 10 22 Votes More People's Choice Latest Videos LG G5 Review: Two Months Later 12 shares 2 3 0 1 0 0 3 1 2 Battle of the Flagships: Design 27 shares 18 7 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 HTC 10 Challenge: The Best Built Smartphone? 18 shares 6 2 0 7 0 0 1 0 2 More Videos This Week's "People's Choice Rankings" Best Smartphone   HTC 10 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy S7 edge Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   LG G5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Huawei Nexus 6P Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote ×   Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Vote Now   OFFICIAL SMARTPHONE RANKINGS Please Login/Register to Vote × Recent news from our top carriers: AT&T News Amazon Echo gaining ability to AT&T Stream Saver will AT&T's prepaid GoPhone AT&T boosts GoPhone data AT&T launches Cuba roaming and AT&T to begin offering cracked Two more replacement Galaxy Note Sprint News Sprint Black Friday deals include HTC Bolt launches at Sprint with 5 Sprint teaming up with Google to Cell Phone Deals November 2016 Sprint launches unlimited data HTC Bolt shown off in leaked Sprint and Best Buy are the latest T-Mobile News T-Mobile to offer Black Friday Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T- Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge may Buy one T-Mobile Galaxy S7, get a T-Mobile SyncUp Drive launching T-Mobile announces Galaxy Note 7 Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 Verizon Wireless Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge now Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet Verizon Ellipsis 8 HD tablet shown Verizon launching two new prepaid Motorola and Indiegogo teaming up Verizon eliminates two of its Cell Phone Deals November 2016 PHONEDOG PhoneDog Media is home to PhoneDog, Android & Me, TmoNews, and TodaysiPhone. The network receives 2.5 million unique visitors and 10 million pageviews each month, along with a combined three million video views on YouTube. While the name is jovial, the PhoneDog Media network offers up a wealth of written and video content to help readers make important decisions about mobile technology. Established in 2001, PhoneDog Media is a privately owned and operated company. PHONEDOG MEDIA FAMILY Phonedog - Cell Phone News TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog AndroidAndMe - Everything Android TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company Home Privacy Policy Term of Use Contact About Us Sitemap In-Depth Reviews Phone vs Phone Video Unboxings Apps & Games New Phones Phone Finder Compare Plans Phone Specials Long Distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Google launches Keyword to aggregate its many, many corporate blogs Kyle Wiggers Digital TrendsSeptember 30, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Google's sprawling web of official corporate blogs just became a little easier to wrangle. The company has launched Keyword, an searchable aggregator of all of its major announcements.More You’re likely aware that Google’s products extend far beyond web searches — the Mountain View, California-based company counts Android, Chrome, YouTube, Street View, and more among its many corporate tendrils. But what you might not know is that almost all of the search giant’s subsidiaries have their own blog, and that those blogs have their own news, updates, and special events sections. Problem is, keeping up with all those streams isn’t easy — short of an RSS reader or mailing list, there isn’t a simple way to keep abreast of the goings-on at Google’s dozens of divisions. But the company intends to change that with Keyword, a new unified, single feed that collates all of Google’s blog content on one convenient page. “Google first began blogging back in 2004 — when mobile phones looked like this and before anyone had dreamed up Chrome, Android, or YouTube,” Google said. “Since then the company has changed a lot, and we’ve published thousands of posts across a large number of blogs. We wanted to make it easier for you to find Google’s official word on any given topic.” Related: As of today, all your Google docs now live in “G Suite” on the “Google Cloud” Google said the overriding mission of Keyword, which officially launched on Thursday, is to “provide a central, official source of news about who we are, what we do, and what we value.” So far, that’s been mostly in the form of aggregation of the company’s 19 most popular blogs. And it’s manifested in filtering and search tools. A Product News filter lets you follow new posts by any of the search giant’s flagship software, services, and hardware (i.e., Android, Maps, Translate, and YouTube, and Topics), and a Topics tool setting allows you to browse by broader category like Arts & Culture, Sports, Travel, and Education. It’s all nifty, thoughtful, and incredibly slick. Keyword’s a little rough around the edges, though. It trolls only a fraction of Google’s blogs — the company has 54 in English alone (Google said it’ll retain blogs not aggregated by Keyword for “more specific audiences”). And it’s limited in scope to the company’s U.S. properties — Google said it plans to expand to include “other languages, countries, and more” over time. Related: Medium? WordPress? Can’t decide? Here are our favorite blogging sites But Google said Keyword is designed to grow. “[It’ll] change as we do, so as we introduce new products and technologies, they can find a home here,” Google said. “It will guide you to the big news of the week while leaving room for smaller, fun updates from that afternoon. And everything comes with bigger, more beautiful images, videos, and slideshows.” Keyward Editor-in-Chief Rose Behar notes that the very first post on Google’s first blog, the Official Google Blog, was published 12 years ago — “before Chrome, before Android, before YouTube.” It doesn’t quite predate Google’s acquisition of Blogger, the modular blogging platform on which the company hosts its many forums, but comes close — the search giant bought Blogger in 2003. A beginner’s guide to mastering the many classes of ‘Overwatch’ How many words do you know? Online test measures the size of your vocab Turner CEO: There are too many TV networks in the United States Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy’s pre-Black Friday 2016 sale is live right now – here are the 20 best deals BGR News iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay Associated Press New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech AirSelfie drone is small enough to stow away in a phone case Digital Trends This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Russia has now officially blocked LinkedIn BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
null

Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading..." /> Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Thursday 13 October, 2016 Breaking News > Latest Stories, space, Technology Hurricane Nicole delays NASA’s resupply mission... Trending Topics: Panama papers - -Assembly polls in WB & Assam - -West Indies T20 champion dance Hurricane Nicole delays NASA’s resupply mission to ISS Ancient wingless wasp is the only known specimen of its kind Paralympic medallist made to remove prosthetic leg during security check at airport again England beats Bangladesh by 4 wickets, wins ODI series 2-1 Delhi: Child kidnapped at Moti Bagh rescued from Jammu on Dusherra Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Sat, Oct 1st, 2016 Latest Stories / World | By New Delhi Times Bureau Google: Interest in Voting Surges Among Hispanics Share This Tags If asking Google about how to register to vote translates to votes, the search giant has good news for Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton. According to Google, the amount of searches for the Spanish phrase “registrarse para votar,” or “register to vote,” spiked by 2,200 percent over the past week. “Register to vote” in English only saw a 430 percent jump. This would suggest Hispanics are at least interested in possibly voting, and if they do, the large majority will likely vote for Clinton. A poll conducted last week by the Wall Street Journal, NBC News and Telemundo found that Clinton enjoys a 48-point lead over her rival, Donald Trump, among likely Hispanic voters. Put another way, 65 percent of likely Hispanic voters support the Democrat. Republicans struggled with the Hispanic vote in 2012 when Mitt Romney got 27 percent of the vote. The Washington Post reports that peak interest in “registrarse para votar” came during Monday’s presidential debate and was the third most popular search item in the U.S., behind two search terms related to a shooting in Houston. Google said the search volume was highest in the key swing state of Florida. Google is actively pushing more Americans to register to vote, with particular emphasis on Hispanic voters. “We’re doing our part to encourage American voters to get registered for the 2016 election,” the company wrote. “We’ve already added in-depth information in Search for registration and how to vote, and now we’re adding this same information in Spanish. Credit : Voice of America (VOA) | Photo Credit: AP Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News Hurricane Nicole delays NASA’s resupply mission to ISS Ancient wingless wasp is the only known specimen of its kind Paralympic medallist made to remove prosthetic leg during security check at airport again England beats Bangladesh by 4 wickets, wins ODI series 2-1 Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. You must be Logged in to post comment. Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages Barge parking lot? Hudson River plan draws ire of residents Gurgaon: Second International Ethnic Folklore Festival to start from Oct 13 They are already here! Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2016, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
null
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Android's Nougat Update Isn't Flashy, But Still Pretty Handy News18 01-10-2016 Nougat, Google's latest update of its Android smartphone software, isn't particularly flashy; you might not even notice what's different about it at first. But it offers a number of practical time-saving features, plus a few that could save money — and perhaps even your life. You'll be able to switch between apps more easily and do more without opening apps at all. New settings also let you block apps from eating up cellular data in the background. Nougat is starting to appear on phones, including new ones expected from Google next week. Some of these features may seem familiar because individual manufacturers such as Samsung and LG have built them on their own. But now they are officially part of Android, which means they should work with a greater range of apps and phones. Multitasking To switch apps in the past, you had to tap a small square at the bottom and scroll through your open apps. Now, just double tap that square to go directly to your most recently used app. Keep double tapping to toggle between them — for example, if you want to switch back and forth between email and map. Or just have both of them open at the same time, one on top of the other. Instead of double tapping that square, press and hold it until the app you have open moves to the top half of the screen. You can then choose another app for the bottom. But some apps won't work properly — or at all — in split screen, at least until their makers update them to support the feature. © Provided by IBNLive Android Nougat, Google, Android N Going Appless Nougat will let you reply to messages directly from a notification; for chats, you can also see recent sent and received messages from both sides, not just the most recent incoming note. And when apps such as Gmail group multiple notifications into one, just slide down the notification center from the top to see more on each item rather than an unhelpful "5 new messages." Coming soon is a feature called Instant Apps. You no longer need to download and install an app you might use just once. Instant Apps run on Google's servers instead of your phone, and only the parts you need get sent to your phone temporarily. Though it's not formally part of Nougat, it is part of Google's effort to reduce app clutter. Save Money A data-saver feature blocks apps from using cellular data while running in the background. Google says that even if an app is active, images and other data-hungry elements might not load until you tap them. You can still choose to have specific apps override that — for example, if you absolutely must have your Facebook app check for updates around the clock. Even if you have a generous data plan, this feature is still useful when travelling abroad, where data charges get expensive. You can turn data saver on in the settings. And Perhaps Your Life Enter your name, blood type, allergies, emergency contacts and other crucial data in the settings. Emergency personnel can access the information by tapping "emergency" from the lock screen; they don't need your passcode. © Provided by IBNLive LG V20, Android Nougat, LG Electronics Personalisation To control what notifications you receive, just tap and hold a notification. You can choose to block notifications from that app or silence them as they come in. Or prioritise them by having notifications still appear when you set "Do Not Disturb" to "Priority only." (This option still requires going to the settings, but it's just one tap away from the notification.) You also have more control over the quick-settings menu, which you get by sliding down from the top edge twice (the first slide just yields five frequently used settings icons above your notifications). This menu gives you quick access to settings and tools such as Wi-Fi, flashlight and battery indicator. Hit "Edit" to add or remove some. Not every setting is available as a shortcut, though. How To Get Nougat You're in luck if you have one of Google's recent Nexus phones, as Nougat is already available. LG's new V20 phone ships with Nougat, starting this week in South Korea, while new phones expected from Google next week should also come with it. As is typical in the Android world, some phones might not have all of the new features, and some features might work differently. Everyone else should expect to wait awhile . Android updates have to get tweaked and approved by both phone manufacturers and wireless carriers. Because of the time it takes, older phones might never get the update, even if the phone meets all the minimum technical requirements. © Provided by IBNLive File photo provided by Google shows the Android Nougat statue, officially unveiled at Google campus in Mountain View, Calif. Nougat, the latest Android update from Google, offers plenty of time-saving features, plus a few to save money and perhaps even your life. The update will let you switch between apps more easily and do more without opening apps at all. New settings also let you choose which apps eat up cellular data in the background. (Image: Google via AP, File) Go to MSN Home More in News We'll have riots on the streets: SC NDTV Pak navy claims it ‘pushed’ Indian sub clear of its waters Hindustan Times Don't use indelible inks, says EC The Indian Express Is effect of cash ban chaos? Associated Press MP: 75-yr-old accused of raping 4 girls in hostel Hindustan Times 40 most powerful military nations Up Next 'Exchange of notes may be stopped' NDTV More in News Deadly earthquake jolts southern Japan Prince William and Kate visit India and Bhutan Follow MSN India on Facebook for the latest news and updates More From News18 VHP slams Raje over demolition of temples in Rajasthan News18 Accountability Should be Fixed for Chaotic Situation, Says Shatrughan Sinha News18 Sheila Dikshit's Son-in-Law Denied Bail, Judicial Custody Extended Till Dec 2 News18 Owe My Maiden Test Wicket to Keeper Saha: Jayant Yadav News18 News18 View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Nation Print Critics say 'dangerously broad' shift of warrant rules, aimed at pedophiles, puts innocent citizens' computers... By The Washington Post | Friday, Sept. 30, 2016, 11:00 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. When the FBI searched Andrew Workman's computer, they say, they found pornographic videos of girls as young as 3 years old. A federal judge in Colorado ruled this month that the computer hack that helped the bureau uncover the videos should never have been allowed. Why? Because the search warrant permitting the hack was issued by a magistrate judge in Virginia — outside the judicial district in which Workman lived — and in an apparent violation of federal criminal rules. But a shift in federal rules set to go into effect in December says that a judge in one district can approve a warrant to hack computers outside that district in cases where the computers' location is shielded. The change would aid the government in its sweeping national investigation into child porn on the “dark Web,” a universe of sites that are off Google's radar, where pedophiles using special technology can operate in anonymity. The government contends that the change — which was approved by the Supreme Court in April and will go forward unless Congress opposes it — is necessary to clear up a loophole created by technology. Because investigators cannot know in advance where a target computer is physically located if a suspect is using tools to mask his or her location, it is impossible to seek a search warrant in the district in which the target is located, officials say. They add that the change does not create any new authority, and would still require a showing of probable cause before a warrant is issued. “It really just gives us the ability to go in front of a ⅛single⅜judge and get a warrant to do a search,” Assistant Attorney General Leslie Caldwell said. “Otherwise we could find ourselves in a situation where we knew child-exploitation activity was happening in a lot of different places, but we wouldn't know exactly where the computers were located and we wouldn't have a judge to go to.” But privacy advocates and some lawmakers contend that the amendment to Rule 41 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure would legally sanction mass hacking, in which federal law enforcement, with one warrant, can hack thousands of computers whose locations are unknown. And they argue that the rule change would allow prosecutors to seek out judges they feel would be more sympathetic to their warrant application. If the rule change goes through, and if the government can show probable cause, “the FBI gets the authority to hack anywhere in the world,” said Christopher Soghoian, principal technologist for the American Civil Liberties Union. “We desperately need to have congressional hearings and investigations into the use of this technology before it becomes the tool of choice of law enforcement.” Google, PayPal and several other technology companies have also lobbied against the change to the rule, calling it “dangerously broad.” In the case that ensnared Workman, the FBI took over a child-porn site called PlayPen and surreptitiously installed software on it that enabled investigators to identify computers of users who went to the site. Since then, the government has obtained Internet protocol addresses of at least 1,300 computers in the United States, identified at least 38 children subject to sexual abuse, and brought about 200 cases.Critics say that allowing the government to use such hacking software potentially endangers the computers of law-abiding citizens who have nothing to do with pedophiles. “A bungled government hack could damage systems at hospitals, on the power grid, in transportation or other critical infrastructure,” said Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore., who is part of a bipartisan, bicameral group of lawmakers seeking to block the Rule 41 change. Caldwell dismissed such assertions, saying that investigators work closely with private-sector computer security experts.”We do a lot of testing to make sure that the software we're using is not going to have harmful, unintended consequences,” she said. She also noted that the proposed rule change is the result of three years of extensive review and public testimony involving two committees consisting of academics, judges and defense attorneys. The change to Rule 41, the government says, will help settle what has become a confusing area for judges and prosecutors. Since the warrant used to hack Workman's computer was issued in February 2015, there have been 24 challenges to it. Nineteen judges who reviewed the warrant concluded it was not properly issued on venue grounds. Of those, four, including the judge in Colorado, threw out the evidence as a result. The other 15 ruled that the violation was not serious enough to suppress the evidence. And the remaining five found the warrant was properly issued. Any change to Rule 41 would not apply to the pending cases. But even if the change goes through, defense lawyers say they will continue to challenge the hacking warrants on other grounds. For instance, they have argued that the hacking constitutes a violation of the Fourth Amendment. Judge R. Brooke Jackson, who decided to suppress the evidence in Workman's case, said he was aware that his ruling might free a guilty man. “This is particularly difficult to stomach where the crime at issue is something as reprehensible as the possession of child pornography,” he wrote in his decision. “On the other hand, this ruling might serve as a reminder to . . . be attentive to ‘something as basic as who can issue a warrant.' “ More Nation Winter weather to move in across U.S. Sen. Sessions, Rep. Pompeo picked by Trump for top jobs Cozy retirement? Only for a privileged few Feds: Barrier to Cincinnati Zoo's gorilla exhibit was ineffective Snow off to slow start in Rockies Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending 52 apprehended in Westmoreland County warrant sweep Hurdle taking McCutchen's future with Pirates 'one day at a time' Pittsburgh adopts 'zero tolerance' policy for misbehavior on Light Up Night Daily Gallery View Thursday ­— Nov. 17, 2016 Photos from across the region. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 1 October 2016 | MYT 10:00 AM Car industry shows off cooperation as way to rival technology firms Future challenges: Can carmakers charge premium prices for connected car services as technology companies like Google look to develop similar offerings for free? — Reuters PARIS/FRANKFURT:  Alarmed by the threat posed by Silicon Valley firms developing autonomous driving systems, carmakers at this week's Paris Motor Show showed signs they are ready to hit back by cooperating in areas where they might have been expected to compete. "This is how the automotive industry may be able to fight off the threat that Apple and particularly Google represent to their brands as digital services become more and more important," technology investment analyst Richard Windsor said. BMW, Daimler and VW's Audi announced this week they would launch new traffic monitoring services next year which give drivers a view of road conditions miles ahead. They are based on video data collected from sensors in other cars and fed to the three carmakers' jointly-owned navigation mapping services firm HERE. Separately HERE's Dutch rival TomTom NV on Thursday announced traffic data deals with truckmaker Volvo and carmaker Skoda, a VW subsidiary. Also General Motors, Nissan and VW are experimenting with a plan to pull video data captured by their customers' vehicles using Israeli firm Mobileye's camera-based sensor systems, that may soon give automakers an edge over the likes of Google in the precision-mapping required for driverless cars. However, it remains to be seen whether carmakers can charge premium prices for connected car services as technology companies like Google look to develop similar offerings for free, supported by advertising or other business models. A deal by traffic data start-up Inrix to supply data to Google-owned crowd-sourced traffic and navigation service Waze will help drivers find parking spots on smartphones using the free app. And Renault said on Thursday it was showing a prototype of a Waze system built into its car dashboards which run Android Auto, Google's operating system for carmakers. Meanwhile connecting cars on the move with the Internet also needs more reliable mobile telecoms networks. With that aim, Germany's top automakers said this week they were teaming up with telecoms network equipment makers Ericsson, Huawei, Nokia, Qualcomm and Intel to help with developing the next-generation 5G networks set to debut around 2020. Careful driving At the same time carmakers are now racing to plot their courses to building self-driving vehicles over the next five years, a dramatic acceleration in pace from the 10- to 15-year timeframes many had charted until pushed to speed up the process by the advances made by Google and Tesla. "We see the car transforming from a product into the ultimate platform," Daimler chairman Dieter Zetsche told reporters in Paris. Among the car companies there have been two camps, those who are trying to develop their autonomous driving technology in-house, and those who are outsourcing it, but that division is looking set to become less clear-cut due to the need for cooperation in some areas at least. "Gradually all of the car manufacturers will have to get more and more involved in managing data. It's natural. We're going to have to work much more collaboratively," Stewart Callegari, a Nissan product planning executive for driverless cars told reporters at the Paris show. Fiat's recent partnership to build self-driving vans with Google is seen by analysts as an example of outsourcing, given the Italian auto maker's weak finances, limiting its ability to invest in its own software expertise. Daimler, on the other hand, is firmly in the camp of vehicle makers who want to go it alone but still sees some need for collaboration. "We need to think whether we work together analysing the data or whether we do this on our own. This depends on the use case," Zetsche said, adding that it made sense to work together in areas where potential cost savings resulted but did not blur the distinctions between brands. Some partnerships like the deal between Chinese carmaker Geely's Swedish subsidiary Volvo Car Group to develop autonomous cars with Uber Technologies, and General Motor's partnership with Uber's rival Lyft, are also seen as hybrid approaches. "The automotive industry has and will continue to become a software business in many ways," Audi of America President Scott Keogh told Reuters. —  Reuters You May Be Interested Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Microsoft offers EU concessions over its US$26bil LinkedIn bid AOL to cut 500 jobs Malaysia intervenes to help sagging ringgit: official China badminton star Lin Dan apologises for affair with model while wife was pregnant Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read England bring in Harrison to face Fiji Billionaire Widjaja family puts Singapore on the spot The Star's executive editor Soo Ewe Jin passes away advertisement Latest News US extends ZTE reprieve on exports curbs until Feb 27 Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Toyota sharpens focus on electric cars through new in-house unit Most Viewed in Tech Beware! WhatsApp video call scam making the rounds Hotlink Fast: Get 17GB of data with the new Internet pass Grab to compensate for unsuccessful bookings Three iPhones may be coming next year Sign your name digitally in iOS Mail Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Toyota sharpens focus on electric cars through new in-house unit Self-tying shoes for US$720 US extends ZTE reprieve on exports curbs until Feb 27 Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper TECH Daily Sabah > Business > Tech Close Google asks for airspace access for internet balloons FRENCH PRESS AGENCY - AFP MONTREAL Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Google, which is hoping to beam the internet to remote areas of the world via balloon, went before the U.N.'s aviation agency to ask member states to let it ply their airspace. The company's X Lab, which was created to pursue big-vision projects, said it hopes to establish a network of helium balloons floating in the stratosphere that will emit a powerful 4G signal to rural and difficult-to-access areas. The new initiative - launched in 2013 and dubbed "Project Loon" - saw its first balloon take off from South America in February only to crash at a tea plantation in Sri Lanka, where it was discovered by villagers. Alphabet, the parent company of Google, had partnered with Sri Lanka to bring the internet to remote areas there. The country's Information and Communication Technology Agency, which coordinated the tests with Google, described the landing as controlled and scheduled. Loon has "significantly improved the balloon design, manufacture and launch procedure," X Lab told the U.N.'s International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) Wednesday, according to a document seen by AFP. "The balloons are now robust, remaining aloft well beyond the targeted 100 days, and are launched through a custom developed auto-launcher, allowing rapid multiple launches," X Lab told the organization's executive committee. After compiling publicly available wind data with its own flight data, Project Loon was able to model the stratosphere's air flow, allowing its balloons to "change altitude to 'catch' the winds moving at the speed and direction necessary to a given service area," the document said. Alphabet requested the assistance of ICAO member states as they met for its 39th triennial assembly, asking them in particular to "establish bilateral or multilateral letters of agreement with adjacent states and Project Loon to allow Loon balloons to safely transit flight information region boundaries." Loon is currently working to finalize a safety plan and set up its operations center. In July, leading social network Facebook launched a similar attempt to bring internet access to remote areas via solar drones. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Tech Palestinian activists have recently launched a campaign to boycott... Next in Tech The Gülenist coup attempt on July 15 did not merely happen on the... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS A detailed look into how Gülenists infiltrated technology institutions Palestinians boycott Facebook over 'censorship' Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
BUSINESS Technology This $5,900 chair may be the tech world's new key to productivity Altwork Station Peter DaSilva for The Times A preproduction Altwork Station, a chair and desk envisioned for tech workers that was developed in secret for five years by Che Voigt. A preproduction Altwork Station, a chair and desk envisioned for tech workers that was developed in secret for five years by Che Voigt. (Peter DaSilva for The Times) Tracey Lien Che Voigt believes his company has solved problems that have plagued the working world since the advent of typing.  It’s a solution to hunched backs, stiff necks and tight shoulders. It’s a workstation that, with a push of a button, transitions from a standing desk to a seated table to a fully reclined platform like a dentist’s chair. Its seat expands and retracts, supporting the whole body from head to heels. Its desk moves up, down and rotates. There’s a screen and mouse and keyboard that follows the user’s eyes and hands.  It’s the way of the future, he says; the most comfortable you can possible be working at a computer. And it starts at $5,900. Before anyone scoffs, Voigt has a defense: 1) Don’t knock it until you’ve tried it, and 2) If people don’t invest in ergonomics now, they’ll pay for it later. And if Silicon Valley’s track record is anything to go by, Voigt might be onto something. Tech firms have long embraced wacky inventions that promise heightened productivity and creativity — and the industry has a history of making them mainstream.  Height-adjustable desks and $1,000 Herman Miller chairs that once seemed extravagant are no longer common just at software start-ups; schools, government agencies and even the White House have gotten on board. Whether it’s open floor plans, ergonomic keyboards or yoga ball chairs, workplaces far removed from the tech world often co-opt the quirky and often costly office cultures of firms like Apple, Google and Facebook in hope that some of their success rubs off.  Che Voigt, CEO of Altwork, sits on chairs designed by his father in Geyserville, Calif. Peter DaSilva for The Times Che Voigt, CEO of Altwork, sits on chairs designed by his father in Geyserville, Calif. Che Voigt, CEO of Altwork, sits on chairs designed by his father in Geyserville, Calif. (Peter DaSilva for The Times) “Comfort is material to creativity,” said Voigt, 45, chief executive of Altwork, a company that builds each workstation by hand in a barn on a 65-acre family property shared with Zinfandel wine grapes in Sonoma County. “If you’re stressed or distressed, the mind can’t fall into creativity. We want to get into an area where you can be productive and do really good work.” Twenty years ago, ergonomics was about finding a decent office chair and doing the occasional stretch throughout the day, said Joy Boese, an ergonomics specialist at E3 Consulting who has worked with companies such as Toyota and Netflix. It was considered an office perk, something filed in the “nice to have” category. Today, particularly in tech land, it’s expected. “Now it’s about tracking your health, tracking your steps, seeing how you spend your day, integrating fitness desks, treadmill desks, Zen rooms for people to take a moment to rest their mind,” Boese said. “These companies want people to feel like it’s more than just coming to work — they want a happy, healthy, engaged workforce.” Silicon Valley is at the forefront of this, Boese said, which is no surprise, given that it is traditionally “two to three years ahead of the curve.” But it’s also characteristic of the Valley’s ruthless optimization and productivity ethos.  It was software engineers who popularized Soylent, the liquid meal replacement for techies. It was tech CEOs such as Mark Zuckerberg and Steve Jobs who streamlined their wardrobes into a uniform, a move that Zuckerberg has justified saying it helped “clear my life so that I have to make as few decisions as possible… on things that are silly or frivolous.” And it was the tech world that normalized “lockdowns” — intense work periods when employees don’t leave the office until a project is done. Consumers aren't as excited as the auto industry about self-driving cars Tracey Lien If Ford, Volvo, GM and Uber are to be believed, self-driving cars will soon dominate our roads and car ownership will be a thing of the past. If regular consumers are to be believed, automakers need to hold their horses, because people aren’t ready for a self-driving future. Those are the findings... If Ford, Volvo, GM and Uber are to be believed, self-driving cars will soon dominate our roads and car ownership will be a thing of the past. If regular consumers are to be believed, automakers need to hold their horses, because people aren’t ready for a self-driving future. Those are the findings... (Tracey Lien) These cultural quirks reflect the immense pressure that many tech workers face to deliver big projects on tight deadlines, justifying not only their own salaries but also their companies’ lofty valuations. The Altwork Station is designed for these people, said Voigt, who describes them as “high-intensity computer users.” “Being comfortable at your desk is really important,” said Helen Wu, director of growth partnerships at San Francisco tech firm AppLovin, where every employee can choose between a sitting or standing desk and request ergonomic gadgets. Wu herself doesn’t have an Altwork Station, but she uses a laptop stand on her desk, an ergonomic keyboard and a Handshoe mouse — a wireless gadget that looks like a fedora made for aliens — from the Netherlands.  “Having a setup where you don’t have to worry about your physiology lets you focus on your work,” she said. The tech industry isn’t unique when it comes to valuing productivity. Wall Street, which has a reputation for brutal efficiency and long hours, has also invested in ergonomics. What sets Silicon Valley apart, according to ergonomics specialists who have worked with both industries, is its lack of self-consciousness and its willingness to go all-in.  That’s why five-toe shoes (with separate nooks for each toe, like a glove for the foot) and telepresence robots — tablet computers on rolling pedestals that offer off-site employees an in-person presence — are not uncommon on tech campuses, but remain rare in New York’s Financial District.  “We worked with a brokerage firm to redesign their office into an open plan space, and it was hard to get people out of private offices,” said Melissa Steach, an ergonomics specialist at Herman Miller, the furniture firm whose midcentury designs are now ubiquitous in the tech industry. “There was a lot of ego attached to it, the whole ‘I’m a baller, I’ve earned this office and you don’t have one.’ ”  Silicon Valley, meanwhile, isn’t wary of workplace weirdness. It has embraced it — reclining chairs, bike-pedal footstools, treadmill desks and all. Che Voigt, CEO of Altwork, demonstrates the reclined position. Peter DaSilva for The Times Che Voigt, CEO of Altwork, demonstrates the reclined position. Che Voigt, CEO of Altwork, demonstrates the reclined position. (Peter DaSilva for The Times) There’s a copycat element to it too, said Michael Lukasik, a brand development manager for West Elm Workspace, an arm of the housewares business that furnishes offices. Start-ups often express Google-shaped aspirations even if their businesses couldn’t be further from Google’s. “These smaller companies are coming to us and saying, ‘We saw images of Google’s offices — can you help us accomplish this?’” Lukasik said. “Everyone wants to attract the same talent that Google or Apple attracts and retains.” It doesn’t always work, of course. The Googles and Facebooks of the world were at least bringing in revenue before they started lavishing their employees with ergonomic perks. Some start-ups find themselves in the reverse situation, spending big before they’ve hit the jackpot. “It’s not unusual to hear that some company just got a round of financing and bought 20 [Herman Miller] Aeron chairs, or that another just bought 40 at a discount from another start-up that went bust,” said Mike Vorhaus, Silicon Valley and technology analyst. “I absolutely think this is a follow-the-leader thing.” Still, many tech firms swear by it, reporting that ergonomic furniture has led to happier, healthier and more productive employees. In Culver City, underwear subscription start-up MeUndies has an office decked out in Herman Miller furniture, with $660 chairs,  $1,000 sit-to-stand desks and an open floor plan designed by ergonomists.  See the most-read stories in Business this hour » “The most telling stat is employee retention,” said Terry Lee, MeUndies’ chief operating officer. “In the two years I’ve been here we’ve only had two employees voluntarily leave. In less than a year we’ve doubled our headcount. I think it translates to employee happiness, and workplace ergonomics tie into that.” For most companies, the draw of ergonomics is the effect that it is believed to have on the bottom line.  “The companies buying these know if they can get their project done a little sooner, it pays huge dividends,” Voigt said. If a company could squeeze even 10 more minutes of worker efficiency each day, then the cost of an Altwork Station “is completely insignificant,” he said. Voigt is a mechanical engineer by trade and spent most of his career working on aerospace systems. He started on the Altwork Station five years ago when a family friend, who couldn’t sit for for long periods of time because of an injury, came to him with the idea of a chair that would let him work in repose.  Voigt didn’t think the project would take long. After all, how hard could it be to design a chair?  Marcos Ramirez, head of prototype and fabrication, welds a part for the Altwork Station. Peter DaSilva for The Times Marcos Ramirez, head of prototype and fabrication, welds a part for the Altwork Station. Marcos Ramirez, head of prototype and fabrication, welds a part for the Altwork Station. (Peter DaSilva for The Times) “Well, it’s not just a chair,” he said. “You have to have a desk, and you have to learn about the human body, you have to figure out what to do with devices, and there are all these wonderful problems to solve to get it right.” The Altwork Station is pricier than comparable offerings from Herman Miller and Steelcase, but it’s more adjustable and, according to Voigt, the transitions are more seamless. Users can set their ideal position and the station will remember it. Some of the Valley’s biggest tech companies have already expressed interest in the Altwork Station, although Voigt wouldn’t say which ones. The company, backed by self-funding and $3 million from angel investors, started shipping pre-orders this week. Although he understands that productivity is probably the desk’s strongest selling point, Voigt insists that the Altwork Station is a solution to neck, shoulder and back contortions we perform every day just to use a computer.  “Humans have created all these fantastic things while hunched over a computer,” he said. “The fact that we’ve advanced all this tech but haven’t supported our body in any different way is insane to me.” Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Northern Californians who voted for Trump feel forgotten by the state, Megyn Kelly's new book took a new turn due to the elections, Twitter is trying to clean up, and the Crystal Cathederal is getting a new look. Northern Californians who voted for Trump feel forgotten by the state, Megyn Kelly's new book took a new turn due to the elections, Twitter is trying to clean up, and the Crystal Cathederal is getting a new look. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Northern Californians who voted for Trump feel forgotten by the state, Megyn Kelly's new book took a new turn due to the elections, Twitter is trying to clean up, and the Crystal Cathederal is getting a new look. Northern Californians who voted for Trump feel forgotten by the state, Megyn Kelly's new book took a new turn due to the elections, Twitter is trying to clean up, and the Crystal Cathederal is getting a new look. Caption The Curiosity Correspondent: How to play Harry Potter's Quidditch when no one can fly Quidditich, the popular and dangerous sport played throughout the Harry Potter series, has come to life through many organizations across the globe. Our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Cruthcer, heads to UCLA to learn how to play the game and to see if he can become an expert. It goes... poorly. Quidditich, the popular and dangerous sport played throughout the Harry Potter series, has come to life through many organizations across the globe. Our Curiosity Correspondent, Benjamin Cruthcer, heads to UCLA to learn how to play the game and to see if he can become an expert. It goes... poorly. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Immigrants becoming citizens before Trump takes office, how to avoid fake news on Facebook, teen birth rates are high in small towns, and an unprecedented step in India causes a cash crunch. Immigrants becoming citizens before Trump takes office, how to avoid fake news on Facebook, teen birth rates are high in small towns, and an unprecedented step in India causes a cash crunch. Caption Voices | 'This is my country. What can I now do as a citizen?' A couple talks about becoming U.S. citizens the week after Donald Trump won the presidency. A couple talks about becoming U.S. citizens the week after Donald Trump won the presidency. Caption Jared Goff promoted to Rams' starter in Week 11 Rams Coach Jeff Fisher announced that Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick in the 2016 draft, would make his first start against the Dolphins on Sunday. Rams Coach Jeff Fisher announced that Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick in the 2016 draft, would make his first start against the Dolphins on Sunday. tracey.lien@latimes.com Twitter: @traceylien ALSO Silicon Valley's 'try before you buy' tech showroom is coming to Santa Monica How to spend $70 million entertaining the under-35 crowd Burn calories as you work without buying an expensive treadmill desk Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times Apple Inc. Electronic Entertainment Expo Massive drills in California, Nevada simulate the aftermath of devastating earthquakes In Donald Trump's America, is California the new Texas? Trump's win brings 'white pride' out of the shadows Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics L.A. Auto Show Opinion Place An Ad 56°
Home Weather 71° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Google hires Lazard to explore Twitter purchase: Report Elizabeth Weise, USATODAY , KHOU 10:16 PM. CDT September 30, 2016 Twitter's San Francisco headquarters   (Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST SAN FRANCISCO – Google it talking with Lazard Ltd to explore a possible Twitter purchase, Bloomberg reports. The company reached out to San Francisco-based financial advisors Lazard Ltd. to aid in a potential deal, the news service reported Friday. Twitter (TWTR) was up 5.81% to $24.39 in after hours trading Friday evening. The purchase could unlock a trove of data for Alphabet's Google, data that it has been walled off from with the rise of Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat. The company already partners with Twitter to include tweets in search results. It has also included Twitter in its DoubleClick advertising service. Former Google executive Omid Kordestani joined Twitter's board as executive chairman last year. Twitter declined to comment on the rumor. Google did not respond immediately to a request for comment. Twitter had previously hired Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to aid it as it explores potential deals, according to reports. A pioneer in social media, Twitter has stagnated and experienced severe management turmoil recently. Rivals such as Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp and Messenger and Snapchat have outpaced it in the past few years. Contributing: Jessica Guynn CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Texans players given warnings ahead of Mexico game High speed chase ends with deadly crash Ex-teacher pleads guilty to sexually assaulting student Brutal new details in teen's murder Search continues for missing UH student Family that returned husky is given new dog Thursday's 10pm forecast with David Paul Houston Forecast for Friday morning Check before renting out home for Super Bowl Good Samaritans try to stop theft suspect More Stories Mother: Missing UH student, Congressman's son found safe Nov 18, 2016, 4:51 a.m. Woman dies after car slams into pole, splitting it in half Nov 18, 2016, 5:33 a.m. Donald Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post Nov 18, 2016, 6:18 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
null
null
Events Research Newsletter Membership About Who We Are Team Contact Us Street Fight Hyperlocal Marketing, Tech, Retail, Commerce, Content Ad Tech Search Mobile Commerce Media Marketers Brands Brand Battle, sponsored by Brandify Small Business Local Digital Strategy Series, sponsored by Mediative Case Studies How do local businesses in big cities handle marketing? Find out in the Urban SMB Report. Download your FREE copy now! Street Fight Daily: Google Expands Free Measurement Tech, Social Gains More of Marketers’ Budgets September 29, 2016 by Joseph Zappa Leave a Comment Filed Under: Headlines, News A roundup of today’s big stories in hyperlocal publishing, marketing, commerce, and technology… Google Expands Free Measurement Tech for Its Marketing Cloud (AdExchanger) Google will expand its free marketing measurement software by adding an A/B testing product (Google Optimize), a data reporting and dashboard-creation tool (Google Data Studio) and new machine learning capabilities for Google Analytics. Social, Not Search, Gaining More of Marketers’ Budgets (MediaPost) Marketers are willing to open their pockets and trust Google, Bing, and Yahoo to charge the appropriate cost per click while protecting their brand search term, but this year they will open their wallets just a bit wider for Facebook. Yext Integrates with Uber as Local On-Demand Becomes More Ubiquitous (Street Fight) With the new integration, clients of Yext’s Location Cloud for listings and local site management can let their customers book an Uber ride to their store from a local website, app, or email campaign via a “Ride with Uber” button. Once the customer catches a ride, the business can show an offer or other information to the rider. Business Insider: Uber expands UberEATS in London as food delivery wars continue. The Financial Times Charts a Path Toward Transacting on Attention Instead of Impressions (eMarketer) For more than two years, the Financial Times has been spearheading initiatives to shift the buying and selling of digital brand advertising away from volume-based impression metrics like CPM to measures that take into account the length and quality of attention audiences are giving to ads. The Google My Business API Takes Another Step Forward (Street Fight) Damian Rollison: Google has many paths for sourcing local content, from user edits to third party licensed data, but none provides as comprehensive or accurate a source of truth as data that comes directly from businesses, so there’s every reason to remove friction from that path wherever possible. New Initiative Helps National and Local Outlets Collaborate (Nieman Lab) Announced in June, Montclair State University’s Local/National News Partnerships Project aims to explore ways to make it easier for national and local news organizations to work together — whether through efforts as ambitious as co-reporting projects or as simple as content sharing. Pittsburgh Tribune-Review Shuts Down Print Edition (Poynter) The Pittsburgh Tribune-Review announced this morning that it will discontinue its print edition Nov. 30 and become a digital-only publication. The announcement underscores just how rare it has become for two competing newspapers to stay in business in the same city. Twitter Now Lets Any User Create and Curate Moments (VentureBeat) Today Twitter said that it’s starting to roll out the ability for any user to make their own Moments in the app’s web client. The feature is coming soon to Twitter’s mobile apps. Get Street Fight Daily in your inbox! Subscribe to our newsletter. Filed Under: Headlines, News Tagged With: Google, Google My Business API, Pittsburgh Tribune-Review, Twitter, Uber, yext Big Cities, Small Businesses FREE report! New! Free White Paper Produced by Street Fight Insights for Advice Local. Report: Survey Results + Analysis Survey, Analysis & Strategy Newsletter Street Fight Daily delivers top headlines from around the web every morning. Start the day smarter. Subscribe now! Add your email address... Street Fight! In this monthly series, enterprise competitors duke it out for dominance in location presence. Read more. Sign Up for Street Fight Membership Twenty-four months of free access to Street Fight Insights research and tickets to events in New York and San Francisco. Learn more and sign up now! Copyright © 2016 Hyperlocal Industries
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Search for: Facebook Pinterest Twitter YouTube Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price The 12 Best Netflix Documentaries of 2016 Entertainment The 12 Best Netflix Documentaries of 2016 Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Technology News Lifestyle Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Browsers Social Media Finance Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Advertise Privacy Newsletter Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 10 Problems With Today’s Smartphones & What You Can Do About Them Android iPhone and iPad 10 Problems With Today’s Smartphones & What You Can Do About Them Bertel King, Jr. September 30, 2016 30-09-2016 10 minutes 10 Problems With Today’s Smartphones & What You Can Do About Them Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Ads by Google Smartphones are replacing desktops and laptops as our primary devices. That’s cool. Unfortunately, this has been a case of two steps forward, two steps back. The smartphone industry is very different from the PC market. You could say that’s to be expected, but this has had a negative effect on our digital lives and what we can do with our devices. Let me explain. 1. You Can’t Customize Hardware You can buy a desktop PC pre-built or order the parts and construct one yourself Building Your First PC? Use These Tips to Avoid Common Issues Building Your First PC? Use These Tips to Avoid Common Issues There's nothing quite like powering on a PC that you've assembled, especially considering how much money you saved and PC knowledge you gained during that sweet, sweet bonding time. Read More . Either way, with the exception of certain All-in-One designs, you have the ability to dive inside and make upgrades. Need more RAM? Storage space? A better graphics card? You can change what you need and keep your machine running for longer. Smartphones don’t give you those options. Many leave you with fewer choices than our old flip phones. Back then, you could take out the battery and pop in a MicroSD card for most models. Both of those options are left out of today’s top phones. Need a faster processor, a battery battery, or a better camera module? Your only option is to replace your phone with the latest model. And it’s not easy for the average person, or even the average geek, to make repairs without sending the device to a professional. Ads by Google What Can You Do? Look for phones with MicroSD card slots and replaceable batteries. Many of these are cheap or midrange phones 5 Ways Cheap Android Smartphones Beat the Flagships 5 Ways Cheap Android Smartphones Beat the Flagships Who says you need the latest and greatest (and most expensive) smartphone out there? The cheaper alternatives are actually really good. Let us show you. Read More . This isn’t PC-level customization, but replacing a drained battery and expanding storage is an easy way to get more use out of a phone. 2. Smartphones Are Meant to Be Disposable Smartphone manufacturers don’t want you to upgrade or repair your devices. They would prefer you replace your phone every year or two. They would also say that this makes products simpler for end users. These are the driving factors behind our inability to tweak our own hardware. Regardless of the rationale, this has made an already wasteful industry even more so Thou Shalt Consume: The Story of Consumer Electronics [Feature] Thou Shalt Consume: The Story of Consumer Electronics [Feature] Every year, exhibitions around the world present new high tech devices; expensive toys that come with many promises. They aim to make our lives easier, more fun, super connected, and of course they are status... Read More . Most consumer electronics have a relatively short shelf live, but smartphones are among the most widely purchased and most often replaced products on the market. This is money down the drain and more waste in landfills. Neither is a good thing. What Can You Do? Hold on to your current phone for as long as possible. In Europe, you can consider buying the Fairphone Fairphone Review and Giveaway Fairphone Review and Giveaway The Fairphone was quietly put on pre-order last year for an initial European-only run of 25,000 units. Read More , which is built with ethics in mind. A second model has since come out. 3. Smartphone Apps Do Less Than PC Software It’s no surprise that phones with weaker hardware and smaller screens couldn’t initially compete with their PC counterparts. These days, that’s less of an excuse. Smartphones may not be as powerful as today’s PCs, but they can go toe to toe with laptops from not that long ago. The increase in power hasn’t led to software with comparable features. That’s not to say that there aren’t apps focused on giving users as much freedom and power as possible. Tasker and developer Joaomgcd’s Tasker plugins come to mind. There are no doubt many useful apps like this out there, from barcode scanners Scan - An Easy To Use QR & Barcode Scanner [iOS] Scan - An Easy To Use QR & Barcode Scanner [iOS] Scanning QR codes and barcodes can be useful in all kinds of situations. Perhaps you want more information about a certain product? Maybe someone gave you a business card with a QR code on it... Read More and flashlights Never Fumble In Darkness Again with Flashlight for iOS Never Fumble In Darkness Again with Flashlight for iOS At your seat in the cinema. In your car's footwell. Under the bed. These are all places where you will inevitably drop stuff, and retrieving them can be tricky, especially if it's dark and you... Read More to baby monitors 4 Android Apps to Help Parents Take Care of Their Babies 4 Android Apps to Help Parents Take Care of Their Babies If you're the parent of an infant, these apps could really help you out! Read More . But these aren’t the apps that today’s smartphones have made famous. Instagram is simply one more site for hosting and commenting on photos. Snapchat is an instant messaging client that doesn’t have to save your messages. Pokemon GO may be an innovative step forward for augmented reality, but it’s also a really shallow game. What can you do? Look for apps that provide true utility. You can even find functionality that trumps what you could do with a PC. Phones do a great job of steering you around town What's the Best Maps and Navigation App for Android? What's the Best Maps and Navigation App for Android? Using the rights maps and navigation app can mean the difference between making it to your appointment on time or being late -- so we examine the best of them for you! Read More and tracking your fitness activity The Best Health and Fitness Apps by Runtastic Put to the Test The Best Health and Fitness Apps by Runtastic Put to the Test Runtastic, the makers of one of the best fitness apps for Android, also have a lot of other apps. We take a look at all of them to see if they're worth your time. Read More . But you might want to sit down at a PC when the time comes to edit a photo or type up a paper. 4. Don’t Have a Million Users? You’re Irrelevant Today’s app startup culture encourages taking a simple idea, finding out how to get millions of users, pitching that idea to venture capitalists, and one day hopefully getting bought by an existing tech giant Understanding Why Google Spends Billions on Acquisitions Understanding Why Google Spends Billions on Acquisitions Which Google acquisitions where most expensive? Which companies might Google buy in the future? The answers might surprise you! Read More . A generation of people are being raised with the idea that creating software means taking a basic concept and knowing how to market it. App culture teaches us that you don’t get rich by benefiting the world in ways other than giving everyone yet one more way to communicate online. Social media and YouTube are already teaching people that you’re only worth the number of likes and views you’re able to accumulate. In a mobile app store, it doesn’t matter if a developer is making a living from creating software if the number of downloads next to their apps is under 10,000. With numbers like that, nobody cares. What Can You Do? Seek out the many independent developers out there making quality, innovative apps. They may not grab the headlines, but they’re out there. 5. App Stores Have Warped Value Expectations When you enter an app store, what do you see? Most of the software is free, ad-supported, or on sale for only a dollar or two. Look at the comments section for software that costs more and you’re likely to see people complaining about the price. This is a problem for software developers. On desktops, we were accustomed to paying upwards of $20 for an application. Someone had to spend time creating this complex program, and they deserve to be compensated. Apparently smaller screens mean smaller prices. This doesn’t only discourage developers from creating better apps. The video game industry has perhaps taken a bigger hit. Yes, there are millions more gamers spending billions more dollars, but many of them scoff at the idea of spending $40 for a single 3DS game or $60 on a PlayStation 4 title. And this is happening at the same time that console games cost more to develop than before. What Can You Do? Take a look at the apps on your smartphone. How many did you buy? Do you hit the donate button when given the option? What do you do to show developers that you value their work? 6. App Stores Lock Us In On Windows, users download software by heading to a website and downloading an EXE. This is a confusing process for people who don’t know the first thing about computers, and it’s one ripe for malicious programmers to take advantage of. Smartphones, by contrast, direct users to app stores. There we can grab all the software we need to fill our devices. The apps are checked for bad things so we have reasonable assurances Is It Safe to Install Android Apps from Unknown Sources? Is It Safe to Install Android Apps from Unknown Sources? The Google Play Store isn't your only source of apps, but is it safe to search elsewhere? Read More that our devices won’t come to any harm. But if you ever want to switch phone platforms, say goodbye to all of your apps. That software doesn’t travel with you. Admittedly, PC and Mac software was not compatible with one another before app stores. But how much software did you the average person buy for their computers? By comparison, smartphone app stores encourage us to stockpile dozens of $0.99 apps, ebooks, songs, movies, and other content that we can’t use outside of the company’s ecosystem. What Can You Do? Make deliberate choices about the software and platforms you use. Android gives you the option to try out alternate app stores (I get my software from F-Droid Here's How You Can Use Android But Ditch Google Here's How You Can Use Android But Ditch Google Want to use your Android smartphone or tablet without Google? Want to use open source software? Here we take an in-depth look at exactly how to do that. Read More ). 7. Smartphones Are a Privacy Nightmare Smartphones aren’t the only devices in most of our homes. They join desktops, laptops, and tablets. Often we want to access the same files on each. At the same time, social networks and other online services have replaced traditional software on our machines. This is convenient, but it’s not very private. Now to use basic apps, people hand over their data, then pass it around from one company to the next How to Stop WhatsApp Handing Your Info to Facebook How to Stop WhatsApp Handing Your Info to Facebook Now that WhatsApp is owned by Facebook, your data may given over to Facebook's hands -- unless you prevent it from happening. Read More as services shut down or get acquired. Corporations and governments request access to these online records. Hackers break into servers and compromise millions of accounts at a time. The move to mobile devices has not only left us with less capability than we had with traditional desktop software, but with far less control over our data and who gets to see it. What Can You Do? Does an app require you to sign in to an account? Think twice before creating yet one more way to give away information, especially if that account is likely to lie dormant in a couple of months. Go back and delete the ones that you’re no longer using How to Give Up on Pokemon Go and Delete Your Account How to Give Up on Pokemon Go and Delete Your Account If you've decided that you don't have to catch 'em all, here's how to give up finding Pokemon for good. Read More . Consider transferring files over FTP FTP Transfer: 3 Popular File Managers for Android With FTP Software FTP Transfer: 3 Popular File Managers for Android With FTP Software FTP may sound intimidating, but it's not! We can help you learn how to quickly and easily share files between your devices with these handy Android apps. Read More or local cloud storage 5 Unique and Cloud-Free Android Apps for Easy File Transfers 5 Unique and Cloud-Free Android Apps for Easy File Transfers These apps allow you to quickly and easily share files across devices without any cloud service getting in the way. Read More rather than storing everything on remote servers. And if you don’t need to be on so many social networks, how about cutting back? 8. Smartphones Are Addictive I won’t pretend that computer addiction was never a thing. Long before people started searching for ways to cut down on their smartphone usage, there were gamers whose entire lives were taken over by EverQuest and World of Warcraft. Many people spent countless hours staring at chatrooms. Many still do. The thing is, desktop computers leave people chained to their desks. Laptops have more mobility, but only a few people will whip one out on the bus. Smartphones are everywhere. They go with us to the bedroom, the bathroom, friends’ houses, school, work, dates, parks, and everywhere else. At any moment, if you would rather be staring at a screen, you can. What Can You Do? Uninstall some of your superfluous apps. Give your phone fewer reasons to vie for your attention. Pick up other interests. Or you could download another app or two 5 Apps That Help You Fight Your Smartphone Addiction 5 Apps That Help You Fight Your Smartphone Addiction Are you addicted to our smartphone? When it's so hard to turn it off, it's time to reclaim your time. These five mobile apps are smart enough to help you regain productivity. Read More , you addict. 9. Smartphones Threaten Conversation This has profound implications for how we interact with one another. Many people prefer to text over having a face-to-face conversation. Some, when faced with the latter, stare down at their phones rather than engage other people. There are ways a smartphone can help you be more social How to Use Your Android Phone to Be Social in the Real World How to Use Your Android Phone to Be Social in the Real World Phones can make us anti-social, but they don't have to! Here's how you can be social in the real world with your phone. Read More , but this isn’t the norm. This isn’t a loner problem. It’s common from school kids all the way to corporate adults. It’s increasingly difficult to grab and hold someone’s attention. Then there’s the added stress of constant notifications. Simply by installing an email client and signing into two social networks, you can almost guarantee a steady stream of alerts. Chimes will follow you through your day, with each of them bringing a sense of urgency. What Can You Do? Put your smartphone away when others are around. I could give you other tips 5 Simple Ways to Be a More Mindful Smartphone User 5 Simple Ways to Be a More Mindful Smartphone User It's easy to get sucked into the smartphone world in the modern age and forget about the real world. Here's how to take back control of your life. Read More , but this one change tackles most of the problem. 10. Smartphone Experiences Are Homogeneous Android and iOS are both fine mobile operating systems. There are significant differences between the two, such as the ability to install custom ROMs on Android and choose between hundreds of devices, but the core experience is very similar. Both direct you to stores filled with largely similar apps. Both show you homescreens filled with row after row of icons lined in four columns. Windows has the Start menu. Mac has the dock. Linux is whatever you want it to be. Desktop operating systems are rich with diversity. We should see the same creativity on our phones and tablets. What Can You Do? Break up the duopoly. You can switch to an Ubuntu phone 5 Reasons to Switch to Ubuntu Phone 5 Reasons to Switch to Ubuntu Phone You're sick of Android and iOS - you want a new mobile experience, one that isn't tainted by Microsoft, or the failing BlackBerry. What you need is Ubuntu Phone! Read More or try out the remains of Firefox OS Firefox OS Is Not Dead: Here's Why You Should Try It Firefox OS Is Not Dead: Here's Why You Should Try It Firefox OS is still alive, existing now as a mobile OS called B2G. So does Mozilla's abandoned mobile operating system have a future? And why would anyone pick it over Android or iOS? Read More . Alternatively, you can pick up a phone running Windows 10 Mobile Why You Should Upgrade to Windows 10 Mobile and How to Do It Why You Should Upgrade to Windows 10 Mobile and How to Do It Windows 10 Mobile has finally been released to the public. Provided your phone is supported, you should upgrade. Here's everything you need to know about upgrading from Windows Phone 8.1 to Windows 10 Mobile. Read More . Encourage people to enter the market and try out something new. So Smartphones Are Terrible, Is That It? Not quite. Smartphones have led to all kinds of positive change. They let families stay connected across continents and have helped couples find love. They’ve aided in the spread of knowledge for tons of people. I’m not arguing that the world would necessarily be better off without smartphones. But rather than helping people live life, we hear far too often of smartphones getting in the way of them. Users are fighting addiction. We’re trying to find ways to converse with people who won’t look up from their devices. Occasionally a new craze hits, and we feel like we’re surrounded by drones. All the while, we’re giving up freedoms we had on PCs. What do you think of smartphones? Is there anything you would change? Are you happy with them as they are? Add your thoughts to the conversation below! Image Credits: Dima Sidelnikov/Shutterstock Previous PostIf You Own a Samsung Phone, Uninstall the Oculus Apps Right NowNext PostHow to Fix “Check Your Connection and Try Again” in Google Play Store 5 comments Write a Comment Jim Van Damme October 5, 2016 at 2:40 pm I want a Linux phone that works like my Linux computer. And I want to use wifi calling in places where I get crummy cell service. Reply Bertel King, Jr. October 5, 2016 at 5:40 pm Same. I would like to see wider support for Wi-Fi calling on open source mobile OSes. Reply Pam Hill September 30, 2016 at 4:27 pm Your comparison video between iOS and Android is great! Reply Pam Hill September 30, 2016 at 4:22 pm #10 "Both show you homescreens filled with row after row of icons lined in four columns." Uh, actually, no they don't. Android does not have a homescreen with rows & rows of icons. You can have whatever you want on your homescreen. You can have a few icons or none. You can have widgets or the Google Search box, or any number of things. Androids apps are in the app drawer. You call it up when you need it. There are still many differences between Android & iOS. If you like to customize, pick Android. Reply Bertel King, Jr. September 30, 2016 at 5:39 pm Hi Pam! Technically, yes, Android does not have a homescreen with rows and rows of icons. But the difference between a homescreen and an app drawer is a single finger tap. My primary point is that whether you're using iOS or Android, you're likely flipping (or scrolling) through pages of app icons at some point. The distinction I'm getting at is that neither takes a window-based approach, or perhaps an activity-based approach, or something else that doesn't limit the way to we interact with mobile devices to various isolated interfaces called apps. Android is definitely more customizable than iOS, which is partly why I use it. There's enough innovation going on that a user can nearly turn Android into whatever they want it to be. But I still find the app-centric model rather limiting, and I would love to see someone take a fundamentally different approach to smartphones. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Bertel King, Jr. 117 articles Bertel writes from a Linux-powered laptop and tends to enjoy budget smartphones more than flagships. When he isn't posting short stories for MakeUseOf, you might find him penning the fictional kind. Otherwise, look for him reading pixels that were converted to ink and paper. You can reach him on Google+… Advertisement Latest Giveaways Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Asus ZenFone 3 Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway PlayStation VR Review and Massive Giveaway James Bruce November 16, 2016 16-11-2016 Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Moto G4 Plus Review and Giveaway Riley J. Dennis November 11, 2016 11-11-2016 Advertisement Trending Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Entertainment Get More Out of Your Roku With These 10 Tips Dan Price November 15, 2016 15-11-2016 Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It Do? Android Android Auto Is Now Available for Everyone: What Can It… Ben Stegner November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Entertainment 6 Awesome VLC Features You May Not Know About Dan Price November 14, 2016 14-11-2016 Advertisement Related Articles PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Gaming PlayStation 4 and Xbox One Are Cheaper Than PC for Gamers in 2017 Harry Guinness November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 Don’t Waste Your Money on These 25 Top-100 Mac App Store Apps Mac Don’t Waste Your Money on These 25 Top-100 Mac App Store Apps Dann Albright November 18, 2016 18-11-2016 10+ Gift Ideas for Anyone Who Owns a Raspberry Pi DIY 10+ Gift Ideas for Anyone Who Owns a Raspberry Pi Mihir Patkar November 17, 2016 17-11-2016 Advertisement Latest Deals Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2016 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← [RIP YouTube Gaming] Twitch now supports video uploading through Uploads Open Beta Alexa now supports scenes for Smart Home Skills → Google is finally kicking out unsupported cards from Android Pay in mid-October, causing people to freak out Oct 1 Posted by ishubhamsingh Last year around this time, Google announced that unsupported cards already in Google Wallet accounts would be able to be used with Android Pay, but only for a limited time. Problem was, we didn’t exactly know how long Google’s “limited time” would be. Thanks to a ton of emails that were sent out to Android Pay users with unsupported cards today, we now have an actual date: October 14th, 2016. Or maybe it’s the 15th; the emails sent out and Google’s support page have conflicting information. Read More Google is finally kicking out unsupported cards from Android Pay in mid-October, causing people to freak out was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2cHUSLb via Blogger http://ift.tt/2dy9BP8 Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on October 1, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← [RIP YouTube Gaming] Twitch now supports video uploading through Uploads Open Beta Alexa now supports scenes for Smart Home Skills → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (680) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (186) IFTTT (193) TalkAndroid (729) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,129) Android Authority (3,171) Games (3,589) Phones (3,589) apps (3,590) tablets (3,592) android (9,456) Recent Posts Samsung has experienced the worst year-on-year market share and sales drop in its history November 18, 2016 Samsung rolls out second Android 7.0 Nougat build in Europe November 18, 2016 Amazon introduces early Black Friday Alexa-exclusive deals November 18, 2016 CyanogenMod 14.1 now available on OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, Nexus 6 and more November 18, 2016 BLU’s $50 R1 HD gets updated to support T-Mobile Band 12 and VoLTE November 18, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,393 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Home Industry Tech Google plans to open data centre in Mumbai Google plans to open data centre in Mumbai Google has announced that it will open its cloud region in Mumbai which are essentially data centres. By: FE Bureau | Bengaluru | Updated: October 1, 2016 7:03 AM Google’s key competition in the cloud segment are Amazon and Microsoft. (Source: Reuters) Google has announced that it will open its cloud region in Mumbai which are essentially data centres. These will be operational by 2017. The India cloud region is aimed at offering Google Cloud Platform services to developers and enterprise customers. “The local region will help make Google Cloud Platform services even faster for Indian customers, enhancing differentiators that are already motivating companies to choose Google as their partner,” a statement from Google said. Google cloud has customers like Wipro, Ashok Leyland, Smartshift by Mahindra & Mahindra among others. Brian Stevens, vice president, Google Cloud, said, “By expanding to new regions, we deliver higher performance to customers.” Google’s key competition in the cloud segment are Amazon and Microsoft. Both Amazon and Microsoft already have a strong India presence through their own data centres. Now with Google announcing its own data centre, the competition is expected to intensify. According to Google, the cloud platform takes the infrastructure, machine learning and networking services used to power Google services and makes them available to businesses and developers to build high performance applications and data analysis at a low cost. “As India’s start-up community continues to grow, Cloud Platform provides the full stack of services to build, test and deploy their applications,” it said. In India, Google already has deep partnerships with a multitude of born-in-the-cloud partners including Searce Co-Sourcing, Cloud Cover, PowerUp Cloud and MediaAgility as well as global partners like Wipro, TCS, Tech Mahindra, PwC and Cognizant. Google also unveiled its new portfolio of solutions called G Suite. Previously called Google Apps for Work, G Suite encompasses a set of intelligent apps – Gmail, Docs, Drive, Calendar, Hangouts. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Demonetisation: Note ban an ill-planned move, says Akhilesh Yadav Demonetisation pushing labourers towards starvation: Gopal Rai Demonetisation: Gloom in north India's biggest bangle market Demonetisation policy: Anyone who is doing common good for the nation must be supported, says Abhishek Bachchan Compared to Oct 2015, 86.4 per cent rise in e-visa tourists last month SC directs central government committe to file report on NPAs in various banks China astronauts return from monthlong space station stay India vs England test series: England lose Alastair Cook early after India fold for 455 Demonetisation: SBI cashier dies of heart attack in Nagpur Now, take pics with Coca-Cola's 'selfie bottle' Pakistani parents rally against Turkish teachers' expulsion  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
null
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Risk Assessment / Security & Hacktivism More than 400 malicious apps infiltrate Google Play “DressCode” apps turned phones into listening posts that could bypass firewalls. by Dan Goodin - Oct 1, 2016 12:05 am UTC Login to bookmark 86 Curious Expeditions Google Play was recently found to be hosting more than 400 apps that turned infected phones into listening posts that could siphon sensitive data out of the protected networks they connected to, security researchers said Thursday. One malicious app infected with the so-called DressCode malware had been downloaded from 100,000 to 500,000 times before it was removed from the Google-hosted marketplace, Trend Micro researchers said in a post. Known as Mod GTA 5 for Minecraft PE, it was disguised as a benign game, but included in the code was a component that established a persistent connection with an attacker controlled server. The server then had the ability to bypass so-called network address translation protections that shield individual devices inside a network. Trend Micro has found 3,000 such apps in all, 400 of which were available through Play. Enlarge "This malware allows threat actors to infiltrate a user's network environment," Thursday's report stated. "If an infected device connects to an enterprise network, the attacker can either bypass the NAT device to attack the internal server or download sensitive data using the infected device as a springboard." The report continued: The malware installs a SOCKS proxy on the device, building a general purpose tunnel that can control and give commands to the device. It can be used to turn devices into bots and build a botnet, which is essentially a network of slave devices that can be used for a variety of schemes like distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks—which have become an increasingly severe problem for organizations worldwide—or spam email campaigns. The botnet can use the proxied IP addresses also generated by the malware to create fake traffic, disguise ad clicks, and generate revenue for the attackers. A Google spokesman said in an e-mail: "We're aware of the issue and we're taking the necessary actions." Trend Micro's report comes three weeks after researchers from separate security firm Checkpoint said they detected 40 DressCode-infected apps in Google Play. Trend said that only a small portion of each malicious app contained the malicious functions, a feature that makes detection difficult. In 2012, Google introduced a cloud-based security scanner called Bouncer that scours Play for malicious apps. Since then, thousands of malicious apps have been detected by researchers. This raises a question: if outside parties can find them, why can't Google find them first? Post updated to add comment from Google. Expand full story Reader comments 86 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Dan Goodin / Dan is the Security Editor at Ars Technica, which he joined in 2012 after working for The Register, the Associated Press, Bloomberg News, and other publications.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us The Google Pixel and Pixel XL: Everything we know so far By John Hoff - September 30, 2016 6 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter We’re at the start of the month when Google is supposedly bringing out two new Android reference smartphones, and we’re nothing but excited. This territory used to be called Nexus, the brand name Google used to indicate that these were what Android devices are supposed to be like, but times are a-changin’ – we hear that the brand name will be changed to Pixel this year, although we don’t really know if it will just be the handsets (and the Pixel C hybrid from last year, or if it will include tablet devices. So here’s everything we think we know so far, and we’ve ranked these factoids from being unlikely, possible, very likely, and sure. So what is the Google Pixel? The Pixel will be the new reference Android smartphone for Android, and it will be bringing a bigger variant which will be called the Pixel XL. The Nexus brand name will be forgotten, unless Google revives it in upcoming devices. Two device is par for the course for the mothership, as with the years past. The Pixel and Pixel XL will surely come with Google’s latest and greatest Android version, and it will be priced very near the flagship models from other manufacturers. CERTAINTY: Very Likely Manufacturer Countless leaks of these new smartphones point to HTC being the manufacturer of the two smartphones. This is a sort of homecoming for Google back to the Taiwan-based manufacturer, with HTC producing the original Nexus One phone. Last year, Google went with Huawei for the Nexus 6P and to long-time partner LG for the Nexus 5X. HTC is in a little bit of a rut these days, and it seemed pretty nice of Google to help out one of its partners. Hopefully, the Pixel and the Pixel XL will help build back consumer confidence in HTC. CERTAINTY: Very Likely Launch Date This one we are pretty sure of. Google themselves tweeted a teaser video that they will be having a launch event on October 4, and the video contained the outline of a handset. We know that invites have gone out, and we’re expecting Google to unveil the Pixel and the Pixel XL on that date. What we aren’t sure of are the other devices that might be launched together with these two smartphones. CERTAINTY: Sure Design and Display Again, the numerous leaks and rumors have given us a good idea at the aesthetic design and display spec of the Pixel and the Pixel XL. The Pixel will be the smaller of two, sporting a 5-inch form factor with the display going up to Full HD (1080p). The Pixel XL will have a 5.5-inch Quad HD AMOLED display. If you notice, these are noticeably smaller than the Nexus 5X and the Nexus 6P from last year, but it seems like Google wants to give the phones more manageability in daily usage. From the leaks, we can see that the design of the Pixel and the Pixel XL will be similar – probably an aluminum unibody make, and a round fingerprint scanner at the back. Rumors say that there will be a two-tone finish at the back of the phone, with the top half covered with glass. That’s an interesting design choice, but we will have to see come October 4. CERTAINTY: Screen size, sure. Other design cues, possible. Chipset, camera, battery Different screen sizes aside, tech pundits and other sources say that both phones may sport similar internal specs. That makes sense for HTC to do. Both smartphones will most likely be powered by the new Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 chipset. Google may go with 3GB RAM for the Pixel, while the Pixel XL will most likely come with 4GB RAM. Storage configurations will be standard at 32GB and 64GB, though it is likely that Google will offer a Pixel XL variant with 128GB internal storage. The 12MP main camera at the rear of both phones is rumored to be the Sony IMX378 sensor, an upgrade from the IMX377 sensor on both Nexus phones from last year. A lot of the rumored camera features like OIS, PDAF, and LaserAF are all coming from the HTC 10 design as well. Hopefully, Google will also bump up its native Android camera app to give more features to users. The Pixel is reportedly sporting a 2,770mAh battery, while the larger Pixel XL will come with a 3,450mAh battery. These are not the highest numbers around in terms of battery capacity, but the new battery saving features in Android Nougat combined with a power efficient SD821 chipset should theoretically be better than last year Nexus devices. Both phones will adopt the USB Type-C port, and will support fast charging via the SD821 chipset. CERTAINTY: Very likely Software If Google is indeed launching the Pixel and the Pixel XL on October 4, they will no doubt come with Android Nougat out of the box. Rumors say that Google saved a lot of features for the launch of these reference phones, pointing to the probability that Android Nougat 7.1 could be launching with these two phones. But this may not be all. Google has been playing with a new hybrid OS called Andromeda – a mash-up of Android and Chrome OS. Rumors say that Google may tease a developer version of Andromeda for these Pixel devices. CERTAINTY: Android Nougat, sure. Andromeda, possible. Virtual Reality Google has been pushing technology to its virtual reality (VR) efforts. In Android, that VR platform will be called Daydream, and the Pixel and Pixel XL will surely be Daydream capable. The Daydream VR platform is expected to be fully unveiled to the public at this launch date, and we’re excited to see how these two phones will handle VR. CERTAINTY: Very likely Cost and sales Solid rumors say that the Pixel (the smaller one) will retail at USD$649. If this is true, then the Pixel will be significantly more expensive than the Nexus 5X that came before it. By assumption, that will put the Pixel XL very near iPhone 7 Plus pricing. This is a curious move for Google if ever, as Nexus devices have always tried to balance pricing and feature set. The Pixel and the Pixel XL sound like they are real premium flagship devices. Rumors also say that you will have two weeks to decide whether the Pixel or the Pixel XL is worthy of replacing your current phone, with sales reportedly starting by October 20. CERTAINTY: Possible Conclusion Google is making big changes to its reference phone and hardware policy this year. 2016 will usher in the Pixel brand name and relegate Nexus to the background. Also, Google might be trying to compete with Samsung and Apple at the top of the flagship pile, if the pricing information on these two handsets are true. It remains to be seen if the actual hardware will convince buyers to shell out come launch date. Story Timeline More details about the upcoming Google Pixel smartphones leaked Upcoming Nexus Marlin aka Google Pixel XL rendered in a 3D video TAGS Android Google Google Pixel Google Pixel XL nexus Smartphone Must Read Google Home Review: Feeling at home with Google Assistant This is the Huawei Mate 9 and its Porsche Design twin Huawei Fit hands-on: fitness tracker in smartwatch clothing Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,413FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 469,474FollowersFollow 59,555SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2016 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Search Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 18, 2016 06:18:02 AM PST E-Commerce Times > E-Commerce > Search | Trump Hauls Out Google Conspiracy Theory for Another Airing By David Jones Sep 30, 2016 2:53 PM PT Perhaps still reeling from what's widely viewed as the bruising he took in a debate watched by more than 80 million people on TV earlier this week -- countless more online -- Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump on Wednesday opened a campaign rally with a previously discredited attack. Trump began his speech at the Waukesha, Wisconsin, event by touting an online Google poll that showed him up two points nationwide -- but then followed that by saying Google's search engine was biased in favor of his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton. Google was manipulating search results to suppress negative stories about her, Trump claimed. Trump did not elaborate on the basis for his accusation or indicate whether his campaign had made any formal complaint about the issue. Campaign officials did not respond to our request for further details. Debunked Conspiracy Theory The allegation echoes a conspiracy theory that surfaced after Clinton clinched the Democratic nomination earlier this year. In brief, it accuses Google of meddling with its autocomplete algorithm to prevent negative results from turning up in response to searches of Hillary Clinton's name. However, Google's autocomplete feature is designed to avoid completing name searches with offensive or inappropriate material regardless of who is the subject of the search, explained Tamar Yehoshua, vice president of product management for Google Search, in a post published in response to those charges. Autocompletion is not an exact science, and the output of prediction algorithms depends in part on the popularity and freshness of search terms, Yehoshua wrote. Those making the accusations had suggested there was a conspiracy between the Clinton campaign and Eric Schmidt, chairman of Google parent Alphabet and a supporter of President Obama. A Google spokeperson declined to comment on Trump's Wednesday remark but pointed to the company's earlier denials of bias and its explanation of the autocomplete feature. Clinton campaign officials did not respond to our request to comment for this story. Difficult to Pin Down "Trump's accusation is so vague, it is hard to say just what we are talking about, let alone whether it has any merit," Rick Edmonds, media business analyst at the Poynter Institute, told the E-Commerce Times. It is unlikely that an outside party can predict with any degree of accuracy whether Google's algorithms are biased one way or the other, suggested Kevin Krewell, principal analyst at Tirias Research. Google's news aggregation service also is based on algorithms, as are a great many online information services. "It's impossible to make a definitive analysis of whether Google's news feed has a bias against Donald Trump," Krewell told the E-Commerce Times, "but Google's news feed is based on an algorithm which likely weighs the relative importance of the sources. The news algorithm, therefore, would favor widely read sources and more reliable sources over smaller, less established niche sites. Facebook Brouhaha A controversy over Facebook's alleged algorithm-tampering erupted earlier this year, following publication of an inside story accusing staff of manipulating its Trending Topics. Human team members were curating the feed, according to the report, downplaying certain information that came from politically conservative outlets. The company conducted an internal investigation and found no systematic effort to manipulate trending topics. However, after sitting down with a group of conservatives, including media pundits and officials, CEO Mark Zuckerberg agreed to make several changes in how it compiled the Trending Topics. For example, Facebook ended the policy of relying on outside websites or news outlets to determine whether stories were worthy of inclusion. David Jones is a freelance writer based in Essex County, New Jersey. He has written for Reuters, Bloomberg, Crain's New York Business and The New York Times. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by David Jones Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What effect will the Trump presidency have on efforts to combat climate change? We'll see grave environmental damage instead of progress. Fear of negative consequences will spur more positive actions. Trump probably will come around to a more moderate position. We won't see much change either way in just four years. Trump will expose the climate change hoax -- and it's about time. Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld GoPro's Drone Initiative Crashes With Karma Recall iPhone Call Logs Easy Pickings on iCloud, Says Russian Security Firm Twitter Cracks Down on Cyber Hate Google Clamps Down on Sneaky Malicious Sites Post-Election Backlash Spurs Fake News Crackdown Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Hype Video Broadcast App Has Niche Potential Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President CRM Buyer Signs and Symptoms Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? ECT News Network on Twitter Tweets about "TechNewsWorld" LinuxInsider JuJu Offers Speedy Model-Driven Software Approach wattOS Energizes Aging Hardware AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development SPONSOR RESOURCES Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times AWS Enjoys Top Perch in IaaS, PaaS Markets US Comptroller Gears Up for Blockchain and Internet Finance Coping With Software Licensing Challenges in the Cloud BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 30 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 Here’s everything we expect to see at Google’s October 4th event Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj Android Google View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit According to Google’s Android SVP Hiroshi Lockheimer, the company’s upcoming October 4th event — which, yes, is just a few days away now — is going to be something to go down in the Googley history books. According to him, “8 years from now we’ll be talking about Oct 4, 2016.” That comes in a tweet where he reflects on the fact that 8 years ago, Google announced the very first version of Android. We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016. — Hiroshi Lockheimer (@lockheimer) September 24, 2016 So Google thinks this event is going to be a big deal, and with such strong words coming straight from the mouth of Android’s SVP, we’re inclined to believe it. But what is Google planning to announce? We know almost for a fact that they’re planning some consumer-facing “Made by Google” smartphones, but what else could the Mountain View company have up its sleeve for next week?… Pixel and Pixel XL This is the most obvious one, and the one we’ve been hearing about for the longest time. For quite a while it was assumed that Google would be sticking it through with another couple Nexus phones, but it has become clear in recent months that these are an entirely different beast. Rather than being niche prototypical examples of what OEMs should do with Android, the Pixel and Pixel XL are said to be Google’s foremost attempt at building some smartphones of its own — a la Apple or Samsung. But as has been rumored for quite some time, these are being manufactured by HTC. For these, we’re expecting to see either a 5-inch or 5.5-inch AMOLED displays (FHD and QHD, for the Pixel and Pixel XL, respectively), a quad-core 64-bit CPU (likely the Snapdragon 821), 4GB of RAM, a 2770 or 3450mAh battery (Pixel and Pixel XL, respectively), 12 and 8MP cameras (with Sony’s IMX378 sensor, which is basically the 5X/6P’s sensor but with OIS), 32GB of storage, and the usual Bluetooth, fingerprint scanner, NFC, etc. On the software side, we’re expecting these phones to run some version of Android, but it’s clear that Google is making some of its own decisions here to customize the Pixels to be truly unique. For one, they’ll both sport the Pixel launcher (which is basically a modified Google Now Launcher), and the latest word is that the icons — yes, all of the app icons — are going to be rounded. We don’t know much about the software other than that, though, although these will likely launch with Android 7.1 Nougat, its first maintenance release. Google Home Google Home isn’t much of a secret, and that’s because Google showed it off at Google I/O earlier this year. Basically, this is Google’s Amazon Alexa competitor. It’s a Wi-Fi speaker with access to music in the cloud, you can control it with your voice, and it has Google Cast support. It’s a nifty little box, and it has a display on the top with some Google-colored dots that animate to show you it’s working. The big idea here is that Google already has control over lots of TVs by way of Chromecast, and this gives you an always-listening hub to play videos and music through any of those systems. Like the OnHub router, Google wants you to be able to customize the hardware to fit the ambience of your home. Purportedly, you’ll be able to order different bases in a variety of styles and colors. Android Police has recently said that the Google Home will go for $129. Daydream VR headset Also announced back at Google I/O 2016, Google is expected to tell us more about its forthcoming Daydream VR hardware. The Pixel and Pixel XL could be a couple of Daydream-ready devices, but what about that viewer? We heard about it at I/O, but recently we heard that it may be named “Daydream View”. Google is expected, according to the latest rumors, to show the hardware on 10/4. Check out our hands on with an early developer preview version of Daydream. Google WiFi Last week we heard, again from Android Police, that Google is planning yet another router entry for launch next week. This one isn’t an OnHub, though, and will purportedly be called Google WiFi. This product will seemingly be a successor to the OnHub, which has over the last couple of years brought user-friendly WiFi routers made by Google in collaboration with hardware partners. Android Police‘s source claims that the Google WiFi router will similarly have “smart” features, assumably including the aforementioned ability to automatically set up a mesh network — probably similar to Eero. According to Android Police, it’s going to cost $129. Unfortunately, we don’t know exactly what it’s going to look like physically, but AP says it’s a little white box  similar in size to the Amazon Echo Dot. Google Chromecast Ultra This one might just be the least exciting of the group. We first heard that Google would be introducing a 4K-capable version of the Chromecast dubbed “Ultra” last month, and recently Evan Blass dropped an official-looking render of the device. There’s probably not much to talk about here, because besides its higher $69 purported price and support for 4K, I doubt there’s much that’s special about it. Andromeda? As you may know, the big if for Google’s October 4th event is Andromeda, which is what Android Police thinks that Lockheimer is teasing in the above tweet. Supposedly, this is the big Android/Chrome OS merger that has long been rumored and will purportedly bring unity to all of Google’s software offerings — one OS to rule them all if you will. Not long after Android Police posted their little scoop, we got word that Google was testing the forthcoming OS on the Nexus 9, which we discovered evidence of in the AOSP. We later got confirmation that Google has been testing the new OS on the Nexus 9 due to hardware constraints, and that the somewhat-old Nexus tablet won’t be getting the new OS. On Monday morning, Android Police came out again with another leak — this time of a future device that will purportedly run Andromeda. It’s a Pixel laptop/tablet, and we definitely will not be seeing it at the event. What we might see, however, is what we believe may be a Huawei Nexus for developers. Huawei Nexus tablet? This one’s a bit fuzzy, but there’s also a 7″ tablet built by Huawei with 4GB of RAM that we’ve yet to hear anything officially about. We’ve heard that the Nexus brand is sticking around for this tablet, and that it will be able to run some early version of Google’s forthcoming Andromeda OS at some point. Details, however, are pretty scarce on this one and it’s not even certain that we’ll see it on 10/4. Let’s see what happens… We’re excited to learn about everything Google has planned for next week, and both myself and Abner Li are going to be at the event in person to witness what might be one of the most important days for Google in quite some time. Hopefully it will live up the hype, but either way, it’s going to be a great day. If you want to livestream the event, Google already has you covered. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 30 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 These last-minute renders make the Pixel and Pixel XL look super attractive [Gallery] Stephen Hall - 2 months ago @hallstephenj Android Google Pixel Google Pixel XL View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit We’ve seen renders galore of the Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL over the last couple months, but a few more can’t hurt, right? The latest images try to paint what is probably the best picture yet of what the phones might realistically look like in a natural setting, and they look pretty nice… If you want some more looks at the phone before Google shows it off on stage next week, be sure to check out both the first IRL leak and another from 2 months ago, some more 3D renders from a few weeks ago, another image that leaked showing both phones side-by-side a couple weeks ago, and of course Evan Blass’ first official-looking render from just four days ago. There really hasn’t been any shortage of leaks with these phones. Now, we have yet another artist’s interpretation, and this one might be my favorite one yet. As you can see in the image above (and the few images in the gallery below), the phones look really nice when given some more natural lighting and a realistic background. Check it out below, and let us know what you think in the comments. (via Rozetked) Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google Pixel View THe Guide Google Pixel XL View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
No Ads Friday | November 18, 2016 Trending Pope Francis favors Latin American cardinals, cuts European power 11/17/16 11:17 AM Obama sets new record for regulations, 527 pages in just one day 11/17/16 12:14 PM Bernie Sanders: Hillary to play 'important role, needs to be heard' 11/17/16 10:09 AM $42 billion in Obama regulations on Trump's chopping block 11/17/16 08:36 AM GOP still deciding what Obamacare 'repeal and replace' means 11/18/16 12:39 AM Trump's term limits would retire Paul Ryan and his leadership team 11/17/16 04:09 PM Poll: Most say Comey letter had no impact on their vote 11/17/16 08:10 AM No guarantee for senators up for top Cabinet posts 11/18/16 12:16 AM Pelosi wistful for Romney — does she regret casting him as a racist, sexist bigot? 11/17/16 04:06 PM The Trump Cabinet, adviser list: Kissinger, Sessions, Haley 11/16/16 09:03 PM Ten of the most embarrassing moments from Hillary Clinton's campaign 11/17/16 08:37 PM Why the Left and the Right should oppose government registries 11/18/16 12:01 AM Wyden: Clapper's intelligence community 'engaged in a deception spree' 11/17/16 01:51 PM Director of National Intelligence James Clapper resigns from Obama administration 11/17/16 09:55 AM School choice advocate Betsy DeVos to front for Education secretary 11/16/16 11:20 AM You'd better get used to hearing Clinton referred to as the 'people's president' 11/17/16 12:47 PM Liberal group says no Dems should accept education secretary appointment 11/17/16 02:48 PM Snowden files: Two surveillance programs operated out of AT&T building 11/17/16 01:03 PM GOP trolls Pelosi with endorsement 11/17/16 04:16 PM Presidential Pitchman: Obamacare 'less than your cellphone bill,' $75 11/16/16 10:36 AM Axelrod scolds critics of Trump's transition progress 11/17/16 01:21 PM Trump is right: Some countries refuse to accept their deported criminals 11/17/16 12:02 AM Why are some Republicans against 'draining the swamp'? 11/18/16 12:01 AM Obama admits his endorsement may not help foreign leaders 11/17/16 01:57 PM Trump to take 'victory tour' of states he won 11/17/16 03:55 PM Cuomo caught by the Right and Left in failed crony magic trick 11/17/16 11:11 AM Report: Trump 'never advocated' for Muslim registry 11/17/16 08:53 PM Was Trump on to something with apprenticeships? 11/17/16 11:42 AM Study showing 'Fake News' beating 'Real News' looks like garbage 11/16/16 09:51 PM Obama and Merkel prejudge Trump to own detriment 11/17/16 01:28 PM Trump team sets up Pentagon briefings for Friday 11/17/16 08:02 PM Ford Motors 'encouraged' by Trump to keep jobs in US 11/18/16 12:02 AM Conservative college president considered for education secretary 11/17/16 03:42 PM AG Lynch: Election created 'fear and uncertainty' for immigrants 11/17/16 01:17 PM Trump is freezing out Christie; Stalin had his political opponents imprisoned and murdered 11/17/16 01:14 PM Report: Trump considering Nikki Haley for secretary of state 11/17/16 12:30 AM Rep. Rohrabacher, Afghan expert, knows Putin, emerges as State pick 11/15/16 09:17 PM Report: Perry makes the Trump short list for energy chief 11/17/16 12:48 PM Obama on anti-Trump protesters: 'I wouldn't advise them to be silent' 11/17/16 01:10 PM Warren: Trump's word means 'nothing' 11/17/16 03:33 PM Freedom Caucus chairman pushes Tim Huelskamp for Agriculture secretary 11/17/16 10:52 AM Trump escaping NYC this weekend for New Jersey 11/17/16 06:22 PM Fire Sale on HillaryClinton.com merch 11/15/16 09:51 PM Report: Trump offers Flynn national security adviser job 11/17/16 07:29 PM Ryan backs term limits 11/17/16 12:08 PM Pelosi calls for probe of Russians, FBI leak to Giuliani 11/17/16 11:57 AM No contact between Trump and State Department on cusp of meeting Japanese PM 11/17/16 05:07 PM Russia threatens US media after State Department criticizes reporter 11/17/16 12:04 PM Pelosi challenged by Tim Ryan to lead House Dems 11/17/16 03:15 PM LeBron James drops $2.5M for Smithsonian's Muhammad Ali exhibit 11/17/16 06:26 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us "The Google poll has us leading Hillary Clinton by 2 points nationwide," Trump noted in a speech, "despite the fact that Google search engine was suppressing the bad news about Hillary Clinton." (AP Photo) Media rushes to discount claims of Google bias By Rudy Takala (@RudyTakala) • 9/30/16 3:49 PM Rudy Takala Watchdog Reporter The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/Rudy2.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Mainstream media outlets this week moved to discount Donald Trump's allegation that Google manipulated search results to favor Hillary Clinton, and called it a "conspiracy" contrived by the Russian media, ignoring similar reports that appeared in American media and discounting the fact that the researcher behind the claim supports Clinton. The media effort began on Wednesday evening, when Donald Trump cited an opinion survey from Google that showed him leading the presidential race, and alleged that the result was remarkable because Google had manipulated search results to favor Clinton. "The Google poll has us leading Hillary Clinton by 2 points nationwide," Trump noted in a speech, "despite the fact that Google search engine was suppressing the bad news about Hillary Clinton." Related Story: http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2586300 Stay abreast of the latest developments from nation's capital and beyond with curated News Alerts from the Washington Examiner news desk and delivered to your inbox. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for Washington Examiner News Alerts. You should receive your first alert soon! The claim infuriated mainstream media outlets. "Donald Trump Pushes Debunked Theory That Google Suppressed Rival's Bad News," said the headline of a New York Times piece published shortly after the event. "Trump peddles Google conspiracy theory," echoed an article by CNN published on Thursday. The issue dates back to a June report by SourceFed alleging manipulation of Google's "autocomplete" feature, which included a video that appeared to show Google trying to prevent users from searching for negative terms associated with Clinton. Democrats were quick to dismiss the report, arguing that Google makes at least some effort to suppress negative content for candidates on both sides of the aisle. Responding to Trump's claim on Wednesday, the Times insisted the issue had been debunked until it was "resurrected" by a Sept. 12 column in Sputnik, noting the outlet is "a website run by the Russian government-controlled news agency Rossiya Segodnya." The author of the report is a Harvard-educated researcher, Dr. Robert Epstein, founder and director emeritus of the Massachusetts-based Cambridge Center for Behavioral Studies. In an interview with the Washington Examiner, Epstein rebuked the Times for its casual dismissal, noting that he both supports Hillary Clinton and tried to publish his research findings in Politico before taking them to a different outlet. "I wrote a comprehensive article that I originally submitted to Politico," he said. "Politico had me make a number of changes I was uncomfortable with, and ultimately some higher up killed the article. Also from the Washington Examiner Sessions, Alabama governor may discuss senator's successor Friday, sources say It would fall to Bentley to appoint a successor to Sessions should he depart the Senate. By David M. Drucker • 11/18/16 9:04 AM "So I offered it to Sputnik News, but I first made them promise not to change anything to guarantee the accuracy of the report," Epstein said. "They agreed to that. They also promised worldwide coverage, which I thought was a good idea." The column detailed research findings of a nine-person team led by Epstein over the summer, including his claim that Google holds the ability to influence between 800,000 and 3.2 million votes nationwide by manipulating search suggestions. Epstein noted that he has made similar claims through Politico in the past, including in an August 2015 column that made similar estimations about the power Google potentially wields. "I think that the New York Times was irresponsible in dismissing this article without ever looking at it and seeing who wrote it," Epstein said. "They simply dismissed a lengthy, detailed, scientific report, just because it appeared in Sputnik, as if someone on Mr. Putin's staff wrote this." Reports in the Examiner this year have also noted critiques and allegations of Google engaging in politicking. Those include claims of search manipulation, its work with a Democratic law firm to provide election data and the apparent revelation from Clinton's emails that the company worked with the State Department to covertly undermine Syrian President Bashar Assad. Also from the Washington Examiner Spokesman says Trump wants critics in his Cabinet The GOP spokesman said Trump has a major transition team beginning today. By Kyle Feldscher • 11/18/16 8:32 AM Epstein added that in the media's rush to dismiss his claims, it missed a legitimate opportunity to argue Trump was in error. "It's kind of ironic if you think of the timing of the claims. He's claiming right now that Google search suggestions are biased. Right now, actually, they're no longer biased ... A few days after my article came out in Sputnik, Google discontinued its pro-Hillary bias in autocomplete. It discontinued it completely. Now you'll see as many negatives for Hillary Clinton as you do for Donald Trump or anyone else." Epstein said it was Google's power that concerned him more than its potentially brief manipulation in the current election cycle. "I find this new event to be very disturbing, because if Google can turn bias like this on and off as easily as flipping a light switch, that's very troubling to me," he said. "That's more troubling to me than the bias." Epstein said the media may not have discounted him as quickly if reporters had read his work, noting, "I happen to be a Hillary Clinton supporter, which I said in the article." Top Story Trump set to take sharp right turn on immigration policy If personnel is policy, this week in President-elect Trump's transition has been better for immigration hawks than foreign-policy doves. By W. James Antle III • 11/18/16 12:01 AM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | Watchdog | Google | Hillary Clinton | First Amendment | Donald Trump | Media | Technology | Rudy Takala Subscribe to Alerts + News + Watchdog + Google + Hillary Clinton + First Amendment + Donald Trump + Media + Technology + Rudy Takala Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2016 Washington, DC Politics 2016-09-30 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/media-rushes-to-discount-claims-of-google-bias/article/2603312 2016-09-30T15:49 2016-10-03T17:22 Media rushes to discount claims of Google bias Mainstream media outlets this week moved to discount Donald Trump's allegation that Google manipulated search results to favor Hillary Clinton, and called it a conspiracy contrived by the Russian media, ignoring similar reports that appeared in American media and discounting the fact that the researcher behind the claim supports Clinton. The media effort began on Wednesday evening, when Donald Trump cited an opinion survey from Google that showed him leading the presidential race, and alleged that the result was remarkable because Google had manipulated search results to favor Clinton. The Google poll has us leading Hillary Clinton by 2 points nationwide, Trump noted in a speech, despite the fact that Google search engine was suppressing the bad news about Hillary Clinton. Related Story: http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2586300 Politics,News,Watchdog,Google,Hillary Clinton,First Amendment,Donald Trump,Minusextra,Media,Technology,Rudy Takala http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-c8cc21a553ed92d5b8a03d8975898075.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-c8cc21a553ed92d5b8a03d8975898075.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
null
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Nothing automatic for Air Force against the Mountain West's weaker half Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital New fast-casual cheeseburger chain coming to Colorado Springs Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight Superfood cranberries can go beyond the usual sauce at Thanksgiving Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Colorado Springs Comic and Toy Con is back for 10th edition Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Pikes Peak region forecast Judge Awards $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Breaking News Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday Weather Latest updates on closures around Colorado Springs News: Local News 'Dignity and hope' in the design of new Springs Rescue Mission shelter Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - 6:18 AM 0 Springs Rescue Mission plans to open its long-awaited new shelter Friday evening, a watershed moment three years in the making for a community that has long... Petitioners get more time for measure to protect Colorado Springs parks Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 10:23 PM 0 An impasse between the City of Colorado Springs and Protect Our Parks petitioners shattered Thursday under cajoling by 4th District Judge Michael P. McHenry. The POPS... Colorado Springs Urban Renewal Authority director out after just two months News: Local News Fort Carson battalion's welcome home is 'absolutely amazing' Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - 6:35 AM 0 More than 200 soldiers came home to Fort Carson Thursday after accomplishing the highest goal of their 9-month mission overseas: Not one of them fired a... Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 5:24 PM 0 Robert Lewis Dear Jr. will spend the anniversary of the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood... Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 8:30 PM 0 After two Denver-area police agencies vowed they would keep out of the deportation business -... Latest Local Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday By: The Gazette - 13 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events By: Linda Navarro - 36 min ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital By: Wayne Heilman - 37 min ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change By: Joey Bunch - 54 min ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads By: KIRK MITCHELL, The Denver Post - 9 hr ago Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs By: Ellie Mulder - 9 hr ago Man charged with negligent homicide in pregnant wife's death By: The Associated Press - 10 hr ago Top Stories EDITORIAL: Deportation threat ignites political histrionics By: The Gazette editorial board - 43 min ago ‘You can’t hit a girl like that!’ Officer caught on camera punching woman in the face. By: Sarah Larimer, The Washington Post - 10 hr ago Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case By: The Associated Press - 11 hr ago AP source: Trump offers Flynn national security adviser job By: KEN THOMAS, CATHERINE LUCEY and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 11 hr ago Men's World Cup ski races in Beaver Creek canceled By: The Associated Press - 13 hr ago Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet By: Peter Holley, The Washington Post - 14 hr ago Attorney says adoptee from South Korea deported from U.S. By: ANDREW SELSKY, Associated Press - 14 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 12 new Christmas movies to watch this November November snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Our 30 favorite sports movies Lombardi Trophies Thrill Memorial Patients A Look Back 27 ways to celebrate the holiday season in Colorado Springs and beyond Ormao Dance Company: 'PREPRESS' Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 13 min ago Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday 36 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events 37 min ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital 54 min ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change 9 hr ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads 9 hr ago Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs 10 hr ago Man charged with negligent homicide in pregnant wife's death Most Read David Ramsey: Soccer great Mia Hamm asks sports parents to stop being so childish Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads TV Talk: Rachael Plath is leaving KRDO Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs El Paso County will enforce federal immigration law, while Denver and Aurora PDs say no Donald Trump pledge to target “sanctuary” cities could cost Denver, Aurora Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Public meeting tonight to discuss proposed Colorado Springs sports complex Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Sports 9 hr ago Kate Shefte: This one's for (four?) all the marbles in Sprint Cup finale 9 hr ago Eaves caps Stars' 3-goal 1st period in win over Avalanche 9 hr ago Mike Trout, Kris Bryant win baseball's MVP awards 11 hr ago With early struggles behind, Pine Creek football aims for semifinals return 11 hr ago Prep football playoff capsules 13 hr ago Men's World Cup ski races in Beaver Creek canceled 13 hr ago Off-ice action amplifies buzz around Air Force-Western Michigan hockey series Business 21 min ago Abercrombie off the mark in 3Q as turnaround efforts sputter 37 min ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital 2 hr ago Longtime Alaska newspaper publisher dies after cancer battle 4 hr ago Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico 5 hr ago TV academy gets first black CEO in its 70-year history 6 hr ago Asian shares mixed, Nikkei up as Yellen remarks lift dollar 11 hr ago Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law Opinion 42 min ago EDITORIAL: Deportation threat ignites political histrionics Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America well 18 hr ago EDITORIAL: Trump should call on Colorado's top talent 21 hr ago EDITORIAL: Liberals said 'no' to socialized medicine 21 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't afford 21 hr ago FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyranny Thu, Nov 17, 2016 LETTERS: Young people protesting; keep church and state separate Elections 14 hr ago The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions 16 hr ago Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Colorado recount possible on slavery in state Constitution; activist has Woodland Park ties Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results Tue, Nov 15, 2016 'We're not going anywhere': Millennials march against Trump Around the Web 13 hr ago Time magazine picks 100 most influential photos of all time 14 hr ago Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet 14 hr ago The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions 16 hr ago Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ 16 hr ago Video: Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner 16 hr ago Man arrested after chase with speeds topping 200 mph 23 hr ago Gun-toting 78-year-old woman chases burglars from home Latest Videos Pikes Peak region forecast Judge Awards $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Trump Offers Flynn National Security Adviser Job Springs Rescue Mission shows off new hope for homeless Raw: Students Protest Trump's Deportation Plans Hugs and Kisses for returning Fort Carson soldiers in Colorado Springs Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Snow falling in Colorado On the Go! with KKTV Conjoined Twins Successfully Separated Fort Carson soldier surprises his kids at school in Colorado Springs Activists against Dakota Access Pipeline gather in Colorado Springs Sports Latest Sports Kate Shefte: This one's for (four?) all the marbles in Sprint Cup finale9 hr ago Eaves caps Stars' 3-goal 1st period in win over Avalanche9 hr ago Mike Trout, Kris Bryant win baseball's MVP awards9 hr ago With early struggles behind, Pine Creek football aims for semifinals return11 hr ago Broncos Jake Plummer auctioning off Broncos game-day experiences to raise money for cannabinoid researchWed, Nov 16, 2016 Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 startWed, Nov 16, 2016 Talib returns to practice before Broncos' bye weekWed, Nov 16, 2016 David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golfTue, Nov 15, 2016 Photo Galleries Our 30 favorite sports movies Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Deportation threat ignites political histrionics43 min ago EDITORIAL: Trump should call on Colorado's top talent18 hr ago EDITORIAL: Liberals said 'no' to socialized medicine21 hr ago EDITORIAL: Obama says Trump should 'make things better'Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Young people protesting; keep church and state separateThu, Nov 17, 2016 LETTERS: Justice not being served to Colorado Springs brothers; Bronco flamingos stolen; vote for daylight saving time?Wed, Nov 16, 2016 LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S.Tue, Nov 15, 2016 LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fansTue, Nov 15, 2016 Columns Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America wellFri, Nov 18, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't afford21 hr ago FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyranny21 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug LambornTue, Nov 15, 2016 Local News Local News Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday13 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events37 min ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change54 min ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads9 hr ago Local and State Politics Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change54 min ago El Paso County praises quick-thinking life-savers12 hr ago Interior chief: Trump team hasn't contacted her department14 hr ago Salida OK’s community of 200 tiny homes to help ease housing crunch15 hr ago Local Business Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital38 min ago Memorial hospitals in Colorado Springs have new president-CEO15 hr ago New fast-casual cheeseburger chain coming to Colorado SpringsYesterday Good news for Colorado Springs motorists as they hit the road for ThanksgivingWed, Nov 16, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questionsFri, Nov 18, 2016 Rescuers in Turkey search for 12 missing miners; 4 dead3 min ago Minnesota mom sues teenage child over transgender treatment3 min ago France launches new anti-jihad advertising campaign3 min ago Military The Latest: Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG9 min ago China, US militaries stage joint humanitarian relief drill37 min ago Amid protests, Philippine dictator buried at heroes cemetery2 hr ago Flynn: outspoken general, intelligence pro, Trump supporter4 hr ago Blogs TV Talk: Rachael Plath is leaving KRDO15 hr ago Speedy winger enters Colorado College hockey foldWed, Nov 16, 2016 Wounded Warrior Scholarship recipients to be honoredWed, Nov 16, 2016 Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 startWed, Nov 16, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man charged with negligent homicide in pregnant wife's death10 hr ago Shooting sends one person to hospital in Colorado Springs21 hr ago Stolen vehicle, fleeing suspect prompt search near Colorado Springs21 hr ago Man shot, killed by officer earlier fled from police22 hr ago National Crime Gun-toting 78-year-old woman chases burglars from home23 hr ago 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detainedTue, Nov 15, 2016 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basementTue, Nov 15, 2016 California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrestedMon, Nov 14, 2016 Life Life 142 Colorado Springs-area holiday events14 hr ago Mel Gibson's 'Hacksaw Ridge' puts Seventh-day Adventists in spotlightThu, Nov 17, 2016 Ministries and Money: Donors, watchdog groups seek financial efficiencyFri, Nov 18, 2016 On the fly: Gift ideas for the angler in your lifeFri, Nov 18, 2016 Arts and Entertainment Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events37 min ago Movie review: 'Bleed for This' lacks some punchFri, Nov 18, 2016 Movie review: Eddie Redmayne and company make magic in Potter prequelFri, Nov 18, 2016 Celebrity birthdays for Nov. 18, 2016Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Religion German Protestants officially renounce converting Jews to Christianity12 hr ago Pope Francis, the ultimate headhunter12 hr ago Centuries-old Ten Commandments tablet auctioned off for $850,00012 hr ago For families divided by Mormonism, 5 things to do – and not to do13 hr ago National National Politics The Latest: Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG9 min ago Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico4 hr ago Flynn: outspoken general, intelligence pro, Trump supporter4 hr ago The Latest: Trump tweets about Ford decision on auto plans8 hr ago National Business Longtime Alaska newspaper publisher dies after cancer battle2 hr ago Abercrombie off the mark in 3Q as turnaround efforts sputter22 min ago Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico4 hr ago TV academy gets first black CEO in its 70-year history5 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NetflixvsHulu LinkedIn SpaceX Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Tech Giants: AI Is Awesome, Totally Not Going to Kill You Tech Giants: AI Is Awesome, Totally Not Going to Kill You By Stephanie Mlot September 29, 2016 10:25am EST 10 Comments Amazon, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and others have joined forces to demonstrate how AI benefits society. In 2014, Tesla and SpaceX chief Elon Musk likened artificial intelligence to "summoning the demon." Several months later, Bill Gates expressed concerns about developing "super intelligence." But despite fears of self-aware robots enslaving the human race, work in AI continues apace. Google's DeepMind is using AI to reduce power consumption, car makers like Ford and Toyota are investing in AI for self-driving cars, and the digital personal assistants on your phone grow more powerful by the day. In a bid to perhaps assuage fears and battle misconceptions, six tech titans are joining forces for a new supergroup nonprofit, dubbed the Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society. While that name alone might conjure images of a shadowy group of villains plotting your demise in a sky-high tower, Amazon, DeepMind, Google, Facebook, IBM, and Microsoft insist their organization just wants to "maximize [the] potential [of AI] and ensure it benefits as many people as possible." Co-chaired by DeepMind co-founder Mustafa Suleyman and Microsoft Technical Fellow Eric Horvitz, the organization intends to conduct research on and recommend best practices in ethics, transparency, privacy, and collaboration. Academics, nonprofits, and specialists in policy and ethics will also be invited to join the project. "We believe that artificial intelligence technologies hold great promise for raising the quality of people's lives and can be leverages to help humanity address important global challenges such as climate change, food, inequity, health, and education," the project website says. //Related Articles Woz: Get Ready to Be a Robot's Pet As such, the group will combat Terminator-like visions of AI, or as they say, "advance public understanding and awareness of AI and its potential benefits and potential costs." Early partnerships include the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI) and the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (AI2); additional participants will be announced in the future. One thing likely not on the agenda? Killer robots. In July, Steve Wozniak, alongside professor Stephen Hawking, Skype co-founder Jaan Tallinn, professor Noam Chomsky, and Google DeepMind CEO Demis Hassabis warned against the use of autonomous weapons systems. Back to top Previous : Report: Amazon and Lenovo Talk About Integrating Alexa Stats Show No Sign of PC Comeback Next : By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie Drinks Company Creates Drunk Driving Crash VR Experience Decisions" VR experience aims to highlight the importance of responsible decision-making when drinki... More » Amazon Introduces Alexa-Exclusive Deals This Weekend Amazon's first voice-shopping weekend kicks off with Alexa-exclusive discounts for Prime members. More » AT&T, NASA Partner to Protect Drones From Hackers Details are scant, but a "key element" of their work will be researching "the potential impact of cy... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
All Sections News Politics Analysis Entertainment Lifestyle Breakfast With HuffPost Blogs Feedback View Desktop Terms | Privacy Policy COPYRIGHT عربي (Arabic) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México United Kingdom United States EDITION IN عربي (Arabic) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México United Kingdom United States INFORM • INSPIRE • ENTERTAIN • EMPOWER News Narendra Modi Kashmir Elections World US Elections The Morning Wrap Business Blogs Viral Video 9 Pieces That Dissect Threadbare Demonetization And Its Aftermath Congress-BJP Members Clash In Rajya Sabha Over Ghulam Nabi Azad's Expunged Remarks Now, A Law Degree Is Must For Being A Legal Correspondent In Kerala Supreme Court Refuses To Accept Rejection Of Collegium Recommendations Politics Congress BJP AAP CPM Narendra Modi Rahul Gandhi Arvind Kejriwal Mayawati Uttar Pradesh Punjab 9 Pieces That Dissect Threadbare Demonetization And Its Aftermath Ram Gopal Yadav's Reinstatement In the Samajwadi Party Is A Win For Akhilesh SC Refuses To Stay Hearings On Demonetisation, Says Tense Situation Can Lead To Riots Jayalalithaa's Lung Infection, Respiratory Problem Totally Cured: AIADMK Analysis Shivam Vij R. Jagannathan G. Pramod Kumar T.S. Sudhir Sandip Roy Arati R Jerath We Need To Stop Holding Up The Army As The Sole Repository Of All Nationalism Demonetisation Drive: Five Simple Reasons Why We Cannot Trust Economists Demonetisation Has Brought Out The Worst Form Of Elitism Among India's Privileged Classes Here's Why Rahul Gandhi Needs To Be Possessed By Ambition As The New Congress President Entertainment Bollywood Comedy Viral Video Reviews Masked Attackers In Paris Punch Mallika Sherawat And Her Boyfriend, Lob Tear Gas At Them Swedish Academy Confirms Bob Dylan Won't Attend Nobel Prize Ceremony After All The Story Behind Each Of These Coke Studio Songs Will Leave You Spellbound The New ₹2,000 Note Is An Unmitigated Design Disaster Lifestyle Tech What's Working Books Style Food Travel World's Shortest Couple Gets The Rings, Then The Record This Poetry Festival In Mumbai Will Bring Together 51 Poets In 20 Languages There Is No Such Thing As Bullying This Photographer Has Been Documenting The Sikh Festival Hola Mohalla For 18 Years Breakfast With HuffPost Amitabh Kant Rajan Anandan Sonam Kapoor Ramachandra Guha Sudarshan Shetty Vanitha Narayanan Paytm Is About To Let People Withdraw Money Out Of Thin Air India's Relationship With Money Has Changed Dramatically: Chanda Kochhar Modi Government Is Suffering From An Implementation Paralysis: Shashi Tharoor Rahul Gandhi Is Working Hard To Get The BJP Elected: Nitin Gadkari Blogs Online Wallets Have Some Tremendous Numbers To Show, But What Does That Really Mean? World's Shortest Couple Gets The Rings, Then The Record 9 Pieces That Dissect Threadbare Demonetization And Its Aftermath Congress-BJP Members Clash In Rajya Sabha Over Ghulam Nabi Azad's Expunged Remarks MORE The Morning Wrap Analysis Business Tech What's Working Books Style Food Bollywood Comedy Social Media Travel Video Viral iOS App Android App TECH How The Mighty Have Fallen: Lessons From The Death Of Blackberry And Nokia In the Darwinian World Of Tech Products, Missing Out On The Next Big Thing Often Spells Doom. 30/09/2016 4:28 PM IST | Updated 30/09/2016 5:23 PM IST Ivan Mehta Tech News Editor ASSOCIATED PRESS ADVERTISEMENT Some days ago, Blackberry announced that it is stopping all production of hardware related to smartphones. Another big company that once dominated the globe with its iconic products, bit the dust. Ten years ago, in 2006, no one would have dreamt that the titans of the phone world, Blackberry and Nokia, would become extinct. In today's world of Apple and Google, we can barely register their presence. One reason for the eventual demise of Blackberry and Nokia was the launch of the iPhone in 2007. In one fell swoop, the iconic smartphone made the phone industry look obsolete. Google quickly realized this and re-oriented the course of its Android program. AFP/Getty Images Apple chief executive Steve Jobs unveils a new mobile phone Companies such as Nokia and Blackberry, on the other hand, weren't as agile and kept relying on their strong brands. The strategy was effective for a couple of years, keeping them afloat, and they sold a lot of smartphones. But after 2010, it became harder to convince customers, as these companies had ignored a critical aspect of the smartphone ecosystem -- apps. The phones in the first decade of this century were measured for their hardware prowess and inbuilt capabilities. In 2008, Apple launched the App Store, inviting developers to build applications for iPhones. Similarly, for Android, Google announced its Play Store in 2008 and opened it to developers. These decisions proved to be pivotal to the whole smartphone ecosystem. Going forward, apps expanded the capabilities of the smartphone and created incredible solutions for everyday problems. There were no proper distribution channels for developers to host their apps and earn money by, either putting a price on the apps or by displaying ads in them. But these app stores gave them a great incentive to develop solutions. Nokia stuck to its Symbian OS. It kept developing smartphones based on that platform with enhancements but there was not much incentive and support for developers on the Ovi Store that it had launched. By the end of 2014, the platform was discontinued. The Finnish company continued to experiment with platforms such as Maemo and MeeGo. On the other hand, Blackberry was still selling a healthy number of phones built with its BlackBerryOS. It even tried to bring Android apps to its BB10 platform. But the OS released in 2013 couldn't catch up with Android and iOS. Meanwhile, in 2011, Nokia entered into a strategic partnership with Microsoft to produce phones based on the Windows 7 platform. But users of the platform dipped in the first few years of usage. In 2014, Microsoft completed the acquisition of Nokia for $7.2 billion and started producing phones themselves. The company had high hopes for the Lumia line of phones, along with the phones produced by its partners. But customers didn't quite respond, even after the company introduced the new Windows 10 mobile platform for all the devices. It also unsuccessfully tried to import iOS and Android apps to the platform, but the lack of apps such as Snapchat always made customers wary of buying a Windows phone. According to a recent report, in the last quarter, the number of Windows phones shipped made up less than 1 percent of the world's phone shipment. It is highly possible that Microsoft is going to kill the Lumia series of phones by the end of this year. It is still trying to keep the Windows Mobile platform afloat, possibly launching a Surface phone next year. Other platforms, such as Samsung's Tizen, are skating on thin ice too and are on the verge of extinction because of the lack of an app ecosystem. For any new operating system to thrive, it simply has to tackle the app problem in an innovative manner. MORE: Android App Store Apple Blackberry Google Google Play Iphone Nokia Tech Suggest a correction Contact Us Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Your Name Your Email What is the correction? Describe the error here. 1000 characters remaining Sign up for The Morning Email Send Cancel More On This Topic Online Wallets Have Some Tremendous Numbers To Show, But What Does That Really Mean? Elon Musk Wants Satellites To Swarm The Skies So Earth Can Have Better Internet OnePlus 3T Replaces The Older OnePlus 3 In Europe And US, India Will Have To Wait Advertisement Trending 13 Ways In Which Indians Will Convert Their Black Money Into White Even After Demonetisation Here's What Raghuram Rajan Thinks Of Currency Demonetisation Day 9: Demonetisation Death Toll Rises To 55 SC Refuses To Stay Hearings On Demonetisation, Says Tense Situation Can Lead To Riots Reliance Jio Is Planning To Launch ₹1,000 4G VoLTE Phones 10 Reasons Why BJP's Demonetization Move Is An Unmitigated — And Politically Motivated — Disaster 30 Offbeat Indian Destinations That Will Blow Your Senses 7 Reasons Why Demonetization Is A Masterstroke By Modi Almost Everything That People Think They Know About The Kohinoor Is False: William Dalrymple We Spoke To Street Vendors And Auto Drivers About Demonetisation And Most Of Them Aren't Complaining SUBSCRIBE AND FOLLOW Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day. Newsletters may offer personalized content or advertisements. Learn more Please enter a valid email address Thank you for signing up! You should receive an email to confirm your subscription shortly. There was a problem processing your signup; please try again later Facebook Twitter Youtube Suggested For You RSS FAQ User Agreement Privacy About Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 Times Internet Limited (and its licensors). All rights reserved. Part of HPMG News Using a mobile device? Go to http://m.huffingtonpost.in/ for HuffPost Mobile.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Business Highlights The Associated Press30 September 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share ___ Malls, stores consider new ways to protect shoppers NEW YORK (AP) -- More sophisticated cameras. Security robots. Customers feeling shaken by recent attacks at U.S. malls may not notice huge changes — but mall operators are testing and putting in place new technologies and other measures to offer people more protection without intruding too much on their shopping time. Mall executives say shoppers have been adamantly opposed to airport security tactics like metal detectors. So they're trying other things, and increasingly using mass notifications that let them send text and email alerts to tenants within seconds in case of a crisis. ___ A year of Alphabet: Great for Google, less so for moonshots SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Reorganizing itself under the umbrella company Alphabet has done wonders for Google — but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons, which are suffering costly growing pains. A year after Alphabet took shape, Google's revenue growth has accelerated — an unusual development for a company of its size. That success, however, also underscores Alphabet's dependence on the fickle business of placing digital ads in core Google products like search, Gmail and YouTube video. As a result, it remains vulnerable to swings in marketing budgets and stiffening competition from another equally ambitious rival, Facebook. ___ Stocks say 'never mind'; reverse recent losses as banks jump NEW YORK (AP) -- U.S. stocks climbed Friday as banks made a rapid recovery following a steep fall a day ago. Investors hoped Deutsche Bank and the financial system in general were in better shape than they had feared. Banks made the biggest gains Friday as Germany's largest bank tried to reassure investors about its financial health. Investors hope Deutsche Bank will be able to negotiate down the massive cost of settling a U.S. investigation into mortgage securities. Energy companies rose as the price of oil continued to move higher, and strong earnings from Costco sent consumer stocks higher. Deutsche Bank is the largest lender in Germany, and investors are concerned about not only its plunging stock price, but the potential effect on the financial system if Deutsche Bank gets into serious trouble and the German government does not help it. Those fears faded on Friday. ___ Q&A: Will Deutsche Bank become the next Lehman Germany's biggest bank is looking shaky and some investors fear it could collapse and endanger the wider financial system. Some even wonder whether it might become the next Lehman Brothers, the U.S. bank whose failure unleashed the worst of the global financial crisis in 2008. Experts warn against drawing such quick conclusions. Deutsche Bank's shares are down 51 percent so far this year and it's negotiating a multibillion-dollar fine in the U.S. that it could have trouble paying. But it's exactly because it is so big and important that it is unlikely to be allowed to simply fail, the way U.S. authorities did with Lehman. Here are some questions and answers about the bank and what it might mean for the rest of the world. ___ US consumer spending at weakest pace in 5 months WASHINGTON (AP) -- U.S. consumers scaled back their spending in August to its weakest pace in five months, reflecting a drop in spending on autos. Income growth also decelerated as wages and salary gains slowed following four strong months. Consumer spending was unchanged last month after solid gains of 0.4 percent in July and 0.3 percent in June, the Commerce Department reported Friday. It was the poorest showing since a similar flat reading in March. ___ From Ferraris to SUVs: 5 cars that shone at the Paris show PARIS (AP) -- An obscenely powerful hybrid sports car, a family-friendly SUV with enough space for seven adults, and an electric vehicle that promises to keep going for over 300 miles (500 kilometers) on a single charge — these are some of the notable vehicles shining on the display stands under bright overhead lights at the Paris auto show. Executives at this year's show are talking about how the industry can adapt to — or, better yet, profit from — disruptive change such as electric engines, networked vehicles, car sharing, and autonomous driving. All that could start coming together between 2020 and 2025, some think. Read More Right now, however, they have some cars they want to sell. Here are five of the vehicles getting the most attention at the Paris Mondial de L'Automobile, which opens to the public Saturday and runs through Oct. 16. If you are lucky enough to be in the City of Light, an adult ticket costs 16 euros ($17.90). ___ US closes probe of Jeep automatic braking; no recall sought DETROIT (AP) -- U.S. safety regulators have closed a yearlong investigation into the Jeep Grand Cherokee's automatic braking system without seeking a recall. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration began the probe in June of last year after getting complaints that the system braked for no reason, increasing the risk of rear-end crashes. ___ BMW issues recall for new Takata air bag problem DETROIT (AP) -- Another potentially deadly problem has surfaced with Takata air bags, this one forcing BMW to recall over 4,000 SUVs in the U.S. and Canada. The new problem was traced to improper welds, and it's separate from the trouble that has caused the largest automotive recall in U.S. history. ___ Subaru recalls about 593K cars; wiper motors can overheat DETROIT (AP) -- Subaru is recalling nearly 593,000 vehicles, some for a second time, because windshield wiper motors can overheat and increase the risk of a fire. The recall affects certain Legacy and Outback cars from the 2010 to 2014 model years. The company says that due to contamination, parts in the wiper motor cover can interfere with one another. If snow or ice stops the wiper arms from stopping in the proper position, the wiper motor could overheat. That could disable the wipers and melt the cover. ___ American hopes IT switch doesn't snag flights this weekend DALLAS (AP) -- American Airlines will make a big technology change this weekend involving planes and pilots, but passengers won't notice a thing if all goes well. Nearly three years after the merger that created the current American, the airline is switching to a single flight-operating system instead of running three separate systems. American expects the change to boost efficiency, but like anything involving technology and airlines, it comes with risk. In a memo to employees Friday, executives said hundreds would be staffing "command centers" around the clock in case of hiccups. ___ Eurozone inflation doubles as low oil price impact fades LONDON (AP) -- Inflation in the 19-country eurozone doubled in September to near two-year highs as the impact of lower oil prices began to fade, official figures showed Friday, in a development that's likely to ease pressure on the European Central Bank to provide more stimulus next month. Eurostat, the European Union's statistics agency, said the annual rate of inflation rose to 0.4 percent in September. The increase, which was in line with market expectations, took inflation to its highest level since October 2014, when it was also 0.4 percent. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 164.70 points, or 0.9 percent, to 18,308.15. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 17.14 points, or 0.8 percent, to 2,168.27. The Nasdaq composite rose 42.85 points, or 0.8 percent, to 5,312. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 41 cents to $48.24 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, slipped 18 cents to $49.06 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline picked up 2 cents to $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.53 a gallon. Natural gas slipped 5 cents to $2.91 per 1,000 cubic feet. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Soon, an app to locate the nearest toilet in Delhi-NCR The Hindu Iran sees more rationality from Trump once president - cen bank official | Reuters Firstpost Google will tell you where to take a dump when nature comes calling Gizmodo Set up panel to check sex tests, SC tells Centre Deccan Herald Google will face tough regulatory policies under President-elect Donald Trump – Tech2 Tech2 Cricket: Ashwin puts India on top in 2nd England Test AFP Mistry-Tata may face off at Tata Sons board meet The Hindu LOL! Lopamudra caught Om Swami naked in Bigg Boss 10 house India Newzstreet Media Take your pick: Saha's run out vs Dhoni's run out Yahoo! Cricket Man Utd quarterly profit falls by a quarter on lower matchday revenue Reuters Salman and Parineeti shake it off at Sania Mirza’s sisters’s sangeet India Newzstreet Media Friday Flashback: "Wouldn't marry Anil Kapoor, he is hypersensitive": Madhuri's 1989 Interview is entertaining! PinkVilla.com Yahoo Review: Force 2 Movies with Rummana Lost faith in humanity? Rejoice, Stephen Hawking says we're doomed Mashable Tech GDP growth, earnings to take 18 mths to pick up speed:Old Bridge Moneycontrol Market Outlook Bareilly's Prabodh Sinha wants to donate kidney to Sushma Swaraj for free India Newzstreet Media Boney Kapoor Finally Speaks Up On Daughter Jhanvi’s Debut Film! Business of Cinema Disaster Strikes Comedy Nights Bachao, Viewership Drops By 22%. Did Kareena, Akshay, Hrithik & John Dig Its Grave? Spotboye 14-year-old London schoolgirl wins bid to be cryogenically frozen so she can live again International Business Times Accumulate Lupin; target of Rs 1650: Prabhudas Lilladher Moneycontrol Brokerage Recos Trump, Abe meeting strengthen bilateral ties between two countries India Newzstreet Media Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat 'attacked with tear gas and beaten' in Paris weeks after Kardashian heist The Telegraph Demonetisation is just a term for Reddys, the extravagant wedding is a proof! India Newzstreet Media Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Zimbabwe World Politics Business Banking & Finance Opinion Arts & Entertainment Sport   Home Main News Headline Zimbabwe World Crime & Courts Business Money & Markets Arts & Entertainment Sport Breaking News Politics Banking & Finance Economic Analysis Opinion Columinsts Relationships Education Scie & Tech Health & Fitness Farming & Enviroment News Ticker [ 18th November 2016 ] Mnangagwa’s recipe for ending Zimbabwe’s cash crisis Banking & Finance [ 17th November 2016 ] Bond Notes: A Final Blow to Zimbabwe’s Rock Bottom Economy? A briefer on Zimbabwe’s impending quasi-currency Research Papers [ 17th November 2016 ] Train derails Headline [ 17th November 2016 ] The bright side of Harare city; view from a Kenyan visitor Columinsts [ 17th November 2016 ] New electric VW Golf arrives to draw line under emissions scandal Motor News & Review Search for: HomeHeadlineGoogle warns of Zimbabwe’s trending fraudulent financial scheme Google warns of Zimbabwe’s trending fraudulent financial scheme 30th September 2016 Staff Reporter Headline, Technology 0 A get-rich-quick business that left thousands of Zimbabweans in financial dilemma dominated timelines, blogs and news sites in the week of Sept. 21 to Sept. 28, according to Google Trends. Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, made the disclosure in Lagos on Friday. Mr Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade, Google’s Communications and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa He said that information about the suspicious online financial scheme had relevance for Nigerians. Kola-Ogunlade said that many Zimbabweans were obviously wishing they could turn back the hand of the clock after losing their money on a popular online pyramid Ponzi scheme. He said the information was particularly relevant to Nigeria as the scheme had already surfaced in the country and was receiving good attention. “The Mavrodi Mondial Moneybox (MMM) Global Zimbabwe is a scheme that advertises itself as a mutual aid fund with a promised monthly investment returns of 30 per cent. “Under the scheme, members contribute money to assist others. However, it is a network that relies on growing numbers of new members to pay off the old. “It is linked to a fraudulent history that goes as far back as 1989. “This scheme is currently in Nigeria and it is called MMM Federal Republic of Nigeria. The business has started to receive attention from Nigerians. “On another day, there was another hoax in which some pranksters decided that the best way to honour number one Nigerian billionaire and Africa’s richest man in 2015 was to declare him dead.’’ Kola-Ogunlade said that the news of the billionaire Dangote dying in Germany after a short illness went viral on social media and was followed by emotions, including shock and surprise. “But hey! Dangote had this to say via Twitter, ‘I am hale, hearty and alive’, Kola-Ogunlade added. “People’s attention online was also captured by Google coming officially of age in some countries of course (and without rite of passage). “Now that Google is 18, it can vote, buy alcohol, cigarettes and do other grown-up stuff. “Google celebrated its ‘maturity’ on Sept. 27 with a special doodle displayed on its homepage around the world. “Although Google’s birthday has been marked on Sept. 27 for the past 10 years, it has not always been so, as history has it that Google.com was registered on Sept. 15, 1997 and incorporated on Sept. 4, 1998. “Furthermore, Google celebrated 2003 on Sept. 8; 2004 on Sept. 7; and 2005 on Sept. 26,’’ the Google spokesman explained. He said that the Mexican Peso reacted with a rise, in what would be the first in a series of presidential debates between U.S. presidential candidates Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump. “Anxious viewers watched a demonstration of raw energy as the candidates argued over race, terrorism and jobs. “The debate was also a battle of emotional constraint, which saw Clinton wearing calm to force Trump into a defensive while the internet has been agog with who won the debate,’’ Kola-Ogunlade said. The Google manager said that passion moved Okiemute Ighorodje, former band lead singer and model, who had gone on to win N5 million and a brand new SUV in MTN Project Fame Season 9. “The 25-year-old graduate, with her contagious smile, emerged as a winner in the event, after an eight-week musical competition between commendable contestants. “Elizabeth emerged first runner-up, while Kitay was the second runner-up, each taking home a saloon car with N3 million and N2 million, respectively.” Kola-Ogunlade said that a much-loved series premier, Empire Season 3 was backed with fans (and perhaps the cast) already anxious for the next episodes. “Picking off where Season 2 left off, the cliffhanger scene between Rhonda and Anika — fans who were eager to know who fell off the building discover it is Rhonda. “But will that mean fans will not get to see her character anymore? “Another highlight Empire fans can look forward to is ‘Kitty’, a mega-superstar played by guest star, Mariah Carey, who is close friends with Cookie Lyon in the series,” the Google manager stated. Google Trends, launched in May 2006 allows one to see how popular search terms and their demography have been over time on the search engine. The Vanguard (Nigeria) Related Posts ‘China slowdown wont affect FDI, big projects’ – Chinamasa FINANCE minister Patrick Chinamasa said on Monday that China's economic slowdown would not affect investment by Chinese firms or the funding of infrastructure projects such as roads and power stations ... READ MORE Robert Mugabe’s party meets as disintegration looms HARARE - Warring Zanu PF bigwigs come face to face at what promises to be an explosive central committee meeting in Harare today, ahead of the ruling party’s National Consultative ... READ MORE MDC-T top brass’ nasty fights exposed FACTIONAL fights that characterised Morgan Tsvangirai’s opposition MDC-T ahead of last October’s elective congress have resurfaced with senior party members exchanging harsh words on social media platforms. by Everson Mushava/Moses Matenga A ... READ MORE Succession Battles Swamp Mugabe Birthday Celebrations HARARE—Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe celebrates his 92nd birthday on February 27, with no signs of relinquishing power. But it seems his party is split on what the future holds for ... READ MORE Bond notes to be released after publicity campaign – Chinamasa HARARE,– Zimbabwe will only introduce bond notes into the economy when the central bank is satisfied with levels of public awareness of the new currency’s features, Finance Minister Patrick Chinamasa ... READ MORE ‘Shame on you, I am not dying’, Mugabe tells potential successors HARARE (Reuters) - Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe on Thursday accused potential successors for wishing him dead and told ruling ZANU-PF supporters to unite against foreign enemies he said wanted to ... READ MORE Zimbabwe data prices hiked by up to 500% to curb social media activism and dissent Mobile data prices in Zimbabwe sky-rocketed overnight and Zimbabweans say the hikes are government efforts to quash activism on social media around the #ThisFlag movement. Last night, a number of ... READ MORE MDC formations rapped over ‘elite contradictions’ HARARE - Political analysts have taken a swipe at the two MDC formations for engaging in “elite contradictions” that do not help their supporters and the country in general. Panellists at ... READ MORE Battle over Mnangagwa ascendancy intensifies ABOUT five months into the aftermath of the controversial Zanu PF congress held last December which led to the dramatic rise of Emmerson Mnangagwa to the vice-presidency with the brutal ... READ MORE ZANU PF infighting besiege the State as Tomana got arrested for ice cream bombers release PROSECUTOR-GENERAL Johannes Tomana was on Monday reportedly picked up by police for questioning on allegations of obstruction of justice. Details were still murky this morning, although sources insisted the case was ... READ MORE ‘China slowdown wont affect FDI, big projects’ – Robert Mugabe’s party meets as disintegration looms MDC-T top brass’ nasty fights exposed Succession Battles Swamp Mugabe Birthday Celebrations Bond notes to be released after publicity campaign ‘Shame on you, I am not dying’, Mugabe Zimbabwe data prices hiked by up to 500% MDC formations rapped over ‘elite contradictions’ Battle over Mnangagwa ascendancy intensifies ZANU PF infighting besiege the State as Tomana Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Share this on WhatsApp Arts & Entertainment Arts & Entertainment Katy Perry delays new album over Trump’s presidential election victory 17th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 Katy Perry fans can blame president-elect Donald Trump for the delay of her new album. The Dark Horse singer is so impassioned about the republican’s victory over Hillary Clinton in the US presidential election that […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Arts & Entertainment Mary J. Blige appreciates Kanye West’s honesty 15th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 The 45-year-old singer teamed up with the ‘Famous’ hitmaker on her new album and admits it was “always a dream” of hers to collaborate with the rapper. She said: “Kanye, I love him because he’s […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Arts & Entertainment Music Minute: AMAs 2016 welcomes Drake, Rihanna and Bieber, Robbie Williams 14th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 In this week’s Music Minute, the American Music Awards 2016 heads to Los Angeles, Robbie Williams breaks David Bowie’s album chart record and Fergie releases a new single. AMAs 2016 The American Music Awards are […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Arts & Entertainment Phil Collins admits £24.3m divorce from third wife was a ‘mistake’ 14th November 2016 Staff Reporter 0 Singer Phil Collins admits divorcing his third wife Orianne Cevey was a “mistake”. The In The Air Tonight singer famously shelled out a reported £24.3m ($30.4m) in his divorce settlement with Cevey but Collins insists […] Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)   Previous article Next article In the Spotlight Mnangagwa’s recipe for ending Zimbabwe’s cash crisis by Staff Reporter in Banking & Finance 1 HARARE – Zimbabwe can easily end the present cash crisis the country is experiencing by introducing bond notes because they will be used in the country only and cannot be exported, Vice-President Emmerson Mnangagwa told [...] Follow on Facebook   In the Spotlight Clitoris vs vagina: When studying the female orgasm, the whole is more than the sum of its parts by Staff Reporter in Science 0 The female orgasm can’t be understood by focusing on a single part of the body, says research. In an attempt to move the debate over the female orgasm on from ‘clitoris versus the vagina’, psychologist [...] Editor’s Mnangagwa’s recipe for ending Zimbabwe’s cash crisis Bond Notes: A Final Blow to Zimbabwe’s Rock Bottom Economy? A briefer on Zimbabwe’s impending quasi-currency Train derails The bright side of Harare city; view from a Kenyan visitor New electric VW Golf arrives to draw line under emissions scandal Manchester United rocked by Brexit as debt piles; amid bleak future over sponsorship deals Donald Trump, Africa and a wise Barber Khama’s un-pan-Africanism irks South Africa Mega anti-Robert Mugabe demo going ahead IFAD resumes funding Zimbabwe, approves $26 mln for irrigation support M88: ... [Trackback] [...] Informations on that Topic: thezimbabwemail.com/business-13550-zimbabweans-unfazed-by-huge-unemployment.html [...] M88: ... [Trackback] [...] Find More Informations here: thezimbabwemail.com/sport-30590-zifa-extends-hunt-for-ceo.html [...] M88: ... [Trackback] [...] Informations on that Topic: thezimbabwemail.com/zimbabwe-15838-trevor-ncubes-media-empire-is-crumbling.html [...] News in Motion VW’s Audi steps up collaboration with Chinese tech groups 11th September 2016 1 Wikileaks: ‘Mugabe must be phased out for ZANU-PF to survive’ – Kasukuwere told US officials 20th October 2016 0 New succession plots rattle Mugabe 3rd July 2015 0 Fake dollars hit Mutare 10th January 2015 10 Prof Moyo’s woes deepen 16th October 2016 14 Robert Mugabe’s mega US$12k salary sparks outcry 6th March 2015 20 HARARE – The MDC Renewal Team has expressed shock at President Robert Mugabe’s revelation yesterday that he earns a $12,000 salary a month, which he said was not enough. “The MDC Renewal Team is extremely shocked [...] Biti, Ncube and other parties to announce coalition on Tuesday 30th May 2016 18 ‘Mnangagwa’s political fortunes falling apart 13th January 2016 18 More Mnangagwa allies face the chop 10th March 2016 17 Robert Mugabe attacks ‘rogue war veterans’ 2nd April 2016 17 About Us Authors Staff Reporter published 10763 articles admin published 1 articles Contact us: editor@thezimbabwemail.com, opinion@thezimbabwemai Staff Reporter published 10763 articles admin published 1 articles Copyright © 2016 | The Zimbabwe Mail Online News <!-- Responsive - AD --> (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Business Highlights     By The Associated Press September 30, 2016     ___ Malls, stores consider new ways to protect shoppers NEW YORK (AP) — More sophisticated cameras. Security robots. Customers feeling shaken by recent attacks at U.S. malls may not notice huge changes — but mall operators are testing and putting in place new technologies and other measures to offer people more protection without intruding too much on their shopping time. Mall executives say shoppers have been adamantly opposed to airport security tactics like metal detectors. So they're trying other things, and increasingly using mass notifications that let them send text and email alerts to tenants within seconds in case of a crisis. ___ A year of Alphabet: Great for Google, less so for moonshots SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Reorganizing itself under the umbrella company Alphabet has done wonders for Google — but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons, which are suffering costly growing pains. A year after Alphabet took shape, Google's revenue growth has accelerated — an unusual development for a company of its size. That success, however, also underscores Alphabet's dependence on the fickle business of placing digital ads in core Google products like search, Gmail and YouTube video. As a result, it remains vulnerable to swings in marketing budgets and stiffening competition from another equally ambitious rival, Facebook. ___ Stocks say 'never mind'; reverse recent losses as banks jump NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks climbed Friday as banks made a rapid recovery following a steep fall a day ago. Investors hoped Deutsche Bank and the financial system in general were in better shape than they had feared. Banks made the biggest gains Friday as Germany's largest bank tried to reassure investors about its financial health. Investors hope Deutsche Bank will be able to negotiate down the massive cost of settling a U.S. investigation into mortgage securities. Energy companies rose as the price of oil continued to move higher, and strong earnings from Costco sent consumer stocks higher. Deutsche Bank is the largest lender in Germany, and investors are concerned about not only its plunging stock price, but the potential effect on the financial system if Deutsche Bank gets into serious trouble and the German government does not help it. Those fears faded on Friday. ___ Q&A: Will Deutsche Bank become the next Lehman Germany's biggest bank is looking shaky and some investors fear it could collapse and endanger the wider financial system. Some even wonder whether it might become the next Lehman Brothers, the U.S. bank whose failure unleashed the worst of the global financial crisis in 2008. Experts warn against drawing such quick conclusions. Deutsche Bank's shares are down 51 per cent so far this year and it's negotiating a multibillion-dollar fine in the U.S. that it could have trouble paying. But it's exactly because it is so big and important that it is unlikely to be allowed to simply fail, the way U.S. authorities did with Lehman. Here are some questions and answers about the bank and what it might mean for the rest of the world. ___ US consumer spending at weakest pace in 5 months WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. consumers scaled back their spending in August to its weakest pace in five months, reflecting a drop in spending on autos. Income growth also decelerated as wages and salary gains slowed following four strong months. Consumer spending was unchanged last month after solid gains of 0.4 per cent in July and 0.3 per cent in June, the Commerce Department reported Friday. It was the poorest showing since a similar flat reading in March. ___ From Ferraris to SUVs: 5 cars that shone at the Paris show PARIS (AP) — An obscenely powerful hybrid sports car, a family-friendly SUV with enough space for seven adults, and an electric vehicle that promises to keep going for over 300 miles (500 kilometres) on a single charge — these are some of the notable vehicles shining on the display stands under bright overhead lights at the Paris auto show. Executives at this year's show are talking about how the industry can adapt to — or, better yet, profit from — disruptive change such as electric engines, networked vehicles, car sharing, and autonomous driving. All that could start coming together between 2020 and 2025, some think. Right now, however, they have some cars they want to sell. Here are five of the vehicles getting the most attention at the Paris Mondial de L'Automobile, which opens to the public Saturday and runs through Oct. 16. If you are lucky enough to be in the City of Light, an adult ticket costs 16 euros ($17.90). ___ US closes probe of Jeep automatic braking; no recall sought DETROIT (AP) — U.S. safety regulators have closed a yearlong investigation into the Jeep Grand Cherokee's automatic braking system without seeking a recall. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration began the probe in June of last year after getting complaints that the system braked for no reason, increasing the risk of rear-end crashes. ___ BMW issues recall for new Takata air bag problem DETROIT (AP) — Another potentially deadly problem has surfaced with Takata air bags, this one forcing BMW to recall over 4,000 SUVs in the U.S. and Canada. The new problem was traced to improper welds, and it's separate from the trouble that has caused the largest automotive recall in U.S. history. ___ Subaru recalls about 593K cars; wiper motors can overheat DETROIT (AP) — Subaru is recalling nearly 593,000 vehicles, some for a second time, because windshield wiper motors can overheat and increase the risk of a fire. The recall affects certain Legacy and Outback cars from the 2010 to 2014 model years. The company says that due to contamination, parts in the wiper motor cover can interfere with one another. If snow or ice stops the wiper arms from stopping in the proper position, the wiper motor could overheat. That could disable the wipers and melt the cover. ___ American hopes IT switch doesn't snag flights this weekend DALLAS (AP) — American Airlines will make a big technology change this weekend involving planes and pilots, but passengers won't notice a thing if all goes well. Nearly three years after the merger that created the current American, the airline is switching to a single flight-operating system instead of running three separate systems. American expects the change to boost efficiency, but like anything involving technology and airlines, it comes with risk. In a memo to employees Friday, executives said hundreds would be staffing "command centres" around the clock in case of hiccups. ___ Eurozone inflation doubles as low oil price impact fades LONDON (AP) — Inflation in the 19-country eurozone doubled in September to near two-year highs as the impact of lower oil prices began to fade, official figures showed Friday, in a development that's likely to ease pressure on the European Central Bank to provide more stimulus next month. Eurostat, the European Union's statistics agency, said the annual rate of inflation rose to 0.4 per cent in September. The increase, which was in line with market expectations, took inflation to its highest level since October 2014, when it was also 0.4 per cent. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 164.70 points, or 0.9 per cent, to 18,308.15. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 17.14 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 2,168.27. The Nasdaq composite rose 42.85 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 5,312. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 41 cents to $48.24 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, slipped 18 cents to $49.06 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline picked up 2 cents to $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.53 a gallon. Natural gas slipped 5 cents to $2.91 per 1,000 cubic feet.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business Deutsche Bank AG Google Inc.         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   The Zed Horde Descends Upon Gamers World-Wide as KILLING FLOOR 2 Launches for PC, PlayStation®4 Pro and PlayStation®4 Perk Holiday Shopping Study Reveals That Half of Consumers Will Shop With Mobile on Cyber Monday On BizWireTV: CES 2017 Announces Best of Innovation Honorees and a New Game to Aid Better Sleep           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Lenovo refreshes boot animation for future Moto devices The Keyword is Google’s new main word for words → Google Maps now integrates upcoming events from Google Calendar [APK Download] Oct 1 Posted by ishubhamsingh Google is making use of its new company blog to announce a feature for Maps. The app now has improved integration with your upcoming calendar appointments, a feature that we spotted in a teardown the other day. When you include a location with your Google Calendar events, they’ll now show up on the Map and in a special upcoming places tab. To access your upcoming events in Maps, open the nav menu and select “Your Places.” The upcoming tab lists any events you have in your added that include location info. Read More Google Maps now integrates upcoming events from Google Calendar [APK Download] was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2dxwYs5 via Blogger http://ift.tt/2dCikzq Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on October 1, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Lenovo refreshes boot animation for future Moto devices The Keyword is Google’s new main word for words → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (680) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (186) IFTTT (193) TalkAndroid (729) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,129) Android Authority (3,171) Games (3,589) Phones (3,589) apps (3,590) tablets (3,592) android (9,456) Recent Posts Samsung has experienced the worst year-on-year market share and sales drop in its history November 18, 2016 Samsung rolls out second Android 7.0 Nougat build in Europe November 18, 2016 Amazon introduces early Black Friday Alexa-exclusive deals November 18, 2016 CyanogenMod 14.1 now available on OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, Nexus 6 and more November 18, 2016 BLU’s $50 R1 HD gets updated to support T-Mobile Band 12 and VoLTE November 18, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,393 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Nothing automatic for Air Force against the Mountain West's weaker half Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital New fast-casual cheeseburger chain coming to Colorado Springs Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight Superfood cranberries can go beyond the usual sauce at Thanksgiving Colorado winter festivals for 2016-2017 season Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Colorado Springs Comic and Toy Con is back for 10th edition Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Pikes Peak region forecast Judge Awards $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Breaking News Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday Weather Latest updates on closures around Colorado Springs News: Local News 'Dignity and hope' in the design of new Springs Rescue Mission shelter Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - 6:18 AM 0 Springs Rescue Mission plans to open its long-awaited new shelter Friday evening, a watershed moment three years in the making for a community that has long... Petitioners get more time for measure to protect Colorado Springs parks Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 10:23 PM 0 An impasse between the City of Colorado Springs and Protect Our Parks petitioners shattered Thursday under cajoling by 4th District Judge Michael P. McHenry. The POPS... Colorado Springs Urban Renewal Authority director out after just two months News: Local News Fort Carson battalion's welcome home is 'absolutely amazing' Fri, Nov 18, 2016 - 6:35 AM 0 More than 200 soldiers came home to Fort Carson Thursday after accomplishing the highest goal of their 9-month mission overseas: Not one of them fired a... Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 5:24 PM 0 Robert Lewis Dear Jr. will spend the anniversary of the Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood... Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - 8:30 PM 0 After two Denver-area police agencies vowed they would keep out of the deportation business -... Latest Local Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday By: The Gazette - 13 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events By: Linda Navarro - 36 min ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital By: Wayne Heilman - 37 min ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change By: Joey Bunch - 54 min ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads By: KIRK MITCHELL, The Denver Post - 9 hr ago Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs By: Ellie Mulder - 9 hr ago Man charged with negligent homicide in pregnant wife's death By: The Associated Press - 10 hr ago Top Stories EDITORIAL: Deportation threat ignites political histrionics By: The Gazette editorial board - 43 min ago ‘You can’t hit a girl like that!’ Officer caught on camera punching woman in the face. By: Sarah Larimer, The Washington Post - 10 hr ago Judge awards damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina death case By: The Associated Press - 11 hr ago AP source: Trump offers Flynn national security adviser job By: KEN THOMAS, CATHERINE LUCEY and JULIE PACE, Associated Press - 11 hr ago Men's World Cup ski races in Beaver Creek canceled By: The Associated Press - 13 hr ago Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet By: Peter Holley, The Washington Post - 14 hr ago Attorney says adoptee from South Korea deported from U.S. By: ANDREW SELSKY, Associated Press - 14 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries 12 new Christmas movies to watch this November November snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Our 30 favorite sports movies Lombardi Trophies Thrill Memorial Patients A Look Back 27 ways to celebrate the holiday season in Colorado Springs and beyond Ormao Dance Company: 'PREPRESS' Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Election Day in the U.S. Election Night 2016 Peak Performers 2016-17 Funeral procession for Cimarron Hills firefighter Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders 2016 Diwali Show Rehearsal TCA 2, Denver West 0 Veterans Day Parade in Colorado Springs Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 13 min ago Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday 36 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events 37 min ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital 54 min ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change 9 hr ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads 9 hr ago Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs 10 hr ago Man charged with negligent homicide in pregnant wife's death Most Read David Ramsey: Soccer great Mia Hamm asks sports parents to stop being so childish Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads TV Talk: Rachael Plath is leaving KRDO Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs El Paso County will enforce federal immigration law, while Denver and Aurora PDs say no Donald Trump pledge to target “sanctuary” cities could cost Denver, Aurora Colorado Springs Police: Policy regarding immigrants here illegally will not change Public meeting tonight to discuss proposed Colorado Springs sports complex Robert Dear remains mentally incompetent to stand trial for Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Sports 9 hr ago Kate Shefte: This one's for (four?) all the marbles in Sprint Cup finale 9 hr ago Eaves caps Stars' 3-goal 1st period in win over Avalanche 9 hr ago Mike Trout, Kris Bryant win baseball's MVP awards 11 hr ago With early struggles behind, Pine Creek football aims for semifinals return 11 hr ago Prep football playoff capsules 13 hr ago Men's World Cup ski races in Beaver Creek canceled 13 hr ago Off-ice action amplifies buzz around Air Force-Western Michigan hockey series Business 21 min ago Abercrombie off the mark in 3Q as turnaround efforts sputter 37 min ago Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital 2 hr ago Longtime Alaska newspaper publisher dies after cancer battle 4 hr ago Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico 5 hr ago TV academy gets first black CEO in its 70-year history 6 hr ago Asian shares mixed, Nikkei up as Yellen remarks lift dollar 11 hr ago Appeals court rejects lawsuit against California egg law Opinion 42 min ago EDITORIAL: Deportation threat ignites political histrionics Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America well 18 hr ago EDITORIAL: Trump should call on Colorado's top talent 21 hr ago EDITORIAL: Liberals said 'no' to socialized medicine 21 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't afford 21 hr ago FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyranny Thu, Nov 17, 2016 LETTERS: Young people protesting; keep church and state separate Elections 14 hr ago The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions 16 hr ago Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Colorado recount possible on slavery in state Constitution; activist has Woodland Park ties Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Darryl Glenn came closer than expected, but enigmatic candidacy hampered U.S. Senate bid Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Megyn Kelly: Trump tried to influence coverage with gifts Tue, Nov 15, 2016 Backers declare victory after Denver’s social marijuana use measure shows wider lead in updated results Tue, Nov 15, 2016 'We're not going anywhere': Millennials march against Trump Around the Web 13 hr ago Time magazine picks 100 most influential photos of all time 14 hr ago Stephen Hawking just gave humanity a due date for finding another planet 14 hr ago The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions 16 hr ago Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ 16 hr ago Video: Deer crashes college cross-country race, topples runner 16 hr ago Man arrested after chase with speeds topping 200 mph 23 hr ago Gun-toting 78-year-old woman chases burglars from home Latest Videos Pikes Peak region forecast Judge Awards $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Trump Offers Flynn National Security Adviser Job Springs Rescue Mission shows off new hope for homeless Raw: Students Protest Trump's Deportation Plans Hugs and Kisses for returning Fort Carson soldiers in Colorado Springs Snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Snow falling in Colorado On the Go! with KKTV Conjoined Twins Successfully Separated Fort Carson soldier surprises his kids at school in Colorado Springs Activists against Dakota Access Pipeline gather in Colorado Springs Sports Latest Sports Kate Shefte: This one's for (four?) all the marbles in Sprint Cup finale9 hr ago Eaves caps Stars' 3-goal 1st period in win over Avalanche9 hr ago Mike Trout, Kris Bryant win baseball's MVP awards9 hr ago With early struggles behind, Pine Creek football aims for semifinals return11 hr ago Broncos Jake Plummer auctioning off Broncos game-day experiences to raise money for cannabinoid researchWed, Nov 16, 2016 Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 startWed, Nov 16, 2016 Talib returns to practice before Broncos' bye weekWed, Nov 16, 2016 David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golfTue, Nov 15, 2016 Photo Galleries Our 30 favorite sports movies Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Vista Ridge vs. Rampart Football Doherty 47 - Boulder 28 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Deportation threat ignites political histrionics43 min ago EDITORIAL: Trump should call on Colorado's top talent18 hr ago EDITORIAL: Liberals said 'no' to socialized medicine21 hr ago EDITORIAL: Obama says Trump should 'make things better'Wed, Nov 16, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Young people protesting; keep church and state separateThu, Nov 17, 2016 LETTERS: Justice not being served to Colorado Springs brothers; Bronco flamingos stolen; vote for daylight saving time?Wed, Nov 16, 2016 LETTERS: Remembering Leon Russell; protesters embarrassing for the U.S.Tue, Nov 15, 2016 LETTERS: CC, CU-Boulder students need to grow up; kudos to Omaha hockey fansTue, Nov 15, 2016 Columns Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America wellFri, Nov 18, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't afford21 hr ago FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyranny21 hr ago GUEST COLUMN: Freedom of speech includes freedom to preach, says Doug LambornTue, Nov 15, 2016 Local News Local News Lewis-Palmer district schools closed Friday13 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events37 min ago Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change54 min ago Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads9 hr ago Local and State Politics Federal decision upholds no drilling on prized Roan Plateau, but that could change54 min ago El Paso County praises quick-thinking life-savers12 hr ago Interior chief: Trump team hasn't contacted her department14 hr ago Salida OK’s community of 200 tiny homes to help ease housing crunch15 hr ago Local Business Children's Hospital breaks ground on long-planned Colorado Springs hospital38 min ago Memorial hospitals in Colorado Springs have new president-CEO15 hr ago New fast-casual cheeseburger chain coming to Colorado SpringsYesterday Good news for Colorado Springs motorists as they hit the road for ThanksgivingWed, Nov 16, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World Trump's election triggers flood of immigration questionsFri, Nov 18, 2016 Rescuers in Turkey search for 12 missing miners; 4 dead3 min ago Minnesota mom sues teenage child over transgender treatment3 min ago France launches new anti-jihad advertising campaign3 min ago Military The Latest: Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG9 min ago China, US militaries stage joint humanitarian relief drill37 min ago Amid protests, Philippine dictator buried at heroes cemetery2 hr ago Flynn: outspoken general, intelligence pro, Trump supporter4 hr ago Blogs TV Talk: Rachael Plath is leaving KRDO15 hr ago Speedy winger enters Colorado College hockey foldWed, Nov 16, 2016 Wounded Warrior Scholarship recipients to be honoredWed, Nov 16, 2016 Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 startWed, Nov 16, 2016 Crime and Justice Local Crime Man charged with negligent homicide in pregnant wife's death10 hr ago Shooting sends one person to hospital in Colorado Springs21 hr ago Stolen vehicle, fleeing suspect prompt search near Colorado Springs21 hr ago Man shot, killed by officer earlier fled from police22 hr ago National Crime Gun-toting 78-year-old woman chases burglars from home23 hr ago 5 Utah students stabbed in boy's locker room; teen detainedTue, Nov 15, 2016 55-pound Alabama teen hospitalized after 2 years in basementTue, Nov 15, 2016 California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrestedMon, Nov 14, 2016 Life Life 142 Colorado Springs-area holiday events14 hr ago Mel Gibson's 'Hacksaw Ridge' puts Seventh-day Adventists in spotlightThu, Nov 17, 2016 Ministries and Money: Donors, watchdog groups seek financial efficiencyFri, Nov 18, 2016 On the fly: Gift ideas for the angler in your lifeFri, Nov 18, 2016 Arts and Entertainment Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, ice skating and Warren Miller's annual ski film highlight weekend events37 min ago Movie review: 'Bleed for This' lacks some punchFri, Nov 18, 2016 Movie review: Eddie Redmayne and company make magic in Potter prequelFri, Nov 18, 2016 Celebrity birthdays for Nov. 18, 2016Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Religion German Protestants officially renounce converting Jews to Christianity12 hr ago Pope Francis, the ultimate headhunter12 hr ago Centuries-old Ten Commandments tablet auctioned off for $850,00012 hr ago For families divided by Mormonism, 5 things to do – and not to do13 hr ago National National Politics The Latest: Trump said to pick Sen. Jeff Sessions for AG9 min ago Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico4 hr ago Flynn: outspoken general, intelligence pro, Trump supporter4 hr ago The Latest: Trump tweets about Ford decision on auto plans8 hr ago National Business Longtime Alaska newspaper publisher dies after cancer battle2 hr ago Abercrombie off the mark in 3Q as turnaround efforts sputter22 min ago Trump on Twitter: Ford won't move Lincoln assembly to Mexico4 hr ago TV academy gets first black CEO in its 70-year history5 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Lobby of Trump Tower in NYC World Leaders Arriver at APEC Summit in Lima, Peru RADAR: First Blizzard of the Season Live Look at the Stargazer Alpaca Ranch Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Live Look at the Atlantic Coast in Gloucester, Mass. From Bass Rocks Ocean Inn Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Taylor Hill/WireImage/Getty Images file Trump Offers Sen. Jeff Sessions Attorney General Position 12m ago Michael Flynn: Everything You Need to Know Top Stories My Stories Trump Names Mike Pompeo His Pick to Lead CIA Trump Taps Flynn for National Security Adviser How Nepotism Law Might Affect Trump's White House Obama Urges European Leaders to Work With Trump Hundreds of O'Hare Airport Workers Vote to Strike Volkswagen to Shed 30,000 Jobs Prosecutor: Suspect in Bomb Attacks Talked to FBI for Days China, US Militaries Stage Joint Humanitarian Relief Drill Legal Pot Brings Temporary Tax Break for Some Trump Attorneys to Argue for Delay in Trump University Trial Morning Focus Start your day and get in the know with these handpicked stories 01 Deadly Shooting Breaks Out at 2-Year-Old's Birthday Party A deadly shooting broke out in Tennessee that left a mother celebrating the birthday of her 2-year-old child dead and six others wounded, including a 6-year-old. Nov 18 02 Kanye West: 'I Would Have Voted on Trump' Fans were puzzled and some angered after Kanye West interrupted a concert in San Jose to go on a rant about the state of politics in the U.S., praising President-elect Donald Trump. #KanyeWest 3h ago 03 Congressman's Missing Son Found Safe in Houston The missing son of Rep. John Conyers, Jr. was found safe early Friday morning, the Houston Police Department confirmed to ABC News. Nov 18 04 Trump Takes Credit for Keeping Ford Plant in US President-elect Trump took credit Thursday night for convincing the chairman of Ford Motor Company to keep a manufacturing plant in Kentucky, from relocating to Mexico - but the automaker says it never planned to relocate the entire plant. #DonaldTrump Nov 18 05 TSA: The Do's and Don'ts of Thanksgiving Food After you recover from your turkey coma, you may want to pack your Uncle John's famous mashed potatoes into your checked luggage, or they may be taken away from you at a TSA checkpoint if you try to carry them on. #Thanksgiving Nov 18 #DonaldTrump Tim Sloan/AFP/Getty Images How Trump's Transition Compares With Recent Presidents' Nov 17 Presidential Pets: Paws in the White House Mladen Antonov/AFP/Getty Images Man Likely 'Dissolved' in Yellowstone Hot Spring, Report Says Nov 17 Wildfires Rage Across South With No Rain in Sight #DonaldTrump Evan Vucci/AP Photo Trump 'Absolutely' Open to Naming Former Rivals to Cabinet: Adviser Nov 17 President-Elect's 1st Meeting With World Leader How Trump's Lobbying Ban Could Shake Up Washington Danny Paredes Esb via Storyful/Facebook Video Captures Police Officer Punching Woman in the Face Nov 17 No Reasonable Officer Would Have Killed Castile: Prosecutor Minnesota Prosecutor Details Key Moments of Police Shooting ABC Gretchen Carlson on Dealing With Alleged Sexual Harassment 21m ago 2 Bus Drivers Claim Same Supervisor Sexually Harassed Them at Work OPINION: What You Need to Know Before Filing a Sexual Harassment Complaint #Syria Play ABCNews.com Madaya Mom: Excerpt Oct 3 An Inside Look at the Making of Madaya Mom Meet the Famed Comic Book Artist Behind Madaya Mom Politics #BernieSanders Dems Move to Leverage Sanders' Popularity as Party Regroups #DonaldTrump Cities Across US Push Back Against Trump's Proposed Immigration Policies #BarackObama Obama Reassures Europe on Trump: NATO Is Here to Stay #DonaldTrump Mitt Romney to Meet With President-Elect Donald Trump, Under Consideration for Secretary of State #DonaldTrump Rumors of Conflict, Infighting Hover Over the Trump Transition #DonaldTrump Trump Holds Meetings With Haley, Kissinger and Sessions #DonaldTrump Golf Legend Gave the Australian Prime Minister Trump's Number #HillaryClinton Clinton Says 'Never, Ever Give Up' During 1st Speech Since Loss #BernieSanders Sanders: 'Maybe I Would Have Been Elected President' #DonaldTrump New York City Mayor Takes Long List of 'Concerns' to Trump Meeting What Could Happen to DACA Recipients Under Trump #MikePence Biden and Pence Meet for Lunch at Naval Observatory #DonaldTrump How the World's Strongman Leaders See a Trump Presidency #DonaldTrump Trump Place No Longer the Place for President-Elect's Name #DonaldTrump Why Trump's Appointment of Steve Bannon Has Raised Alarms #Elections Over 400 Reports of Harassment and Intimidation Post-Election: SPLC More News Justice Thomas Calls Conservatives to Continue Scalia's Work Michigan May Require Lead Screening of Children Boy Charged in Parents' Deaths Could Face Life in Prison JPMorgan Chase to Pay $264M in Bribery Case Missing Washington Couple, 2 Children Found Alive Director of National Intelligence Resigns Fed Chair Defends Dodd-Frank, Pledges Full Term Johnny Manziel Reaches Deal on Assault Case Ohio Democrat Announces Challenge to Nancy Pelosi Bear Attack Victim Called 911 From the Ground #ObamaCare Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Obama Talks 'Obamacare' Changes Under Trump Administration Nov 17 Obama Hopes Trump Will 'Stand Up' to Russia if Necessary Europe's Top Cop Fears Blowback From ISIS 'Squeeze' #NewYork Joey Comunale/Facebook 2 Charged With Murder in NYC Stabbing 52m ago 1 Dead, 12 Injured After Gas Explosion in Illinois Police Believe Body Found in NJ Likely That of Missing Man Happy Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving Is TSA Ready for a Record Number of Thanksgiving Travelers? Police Officers Hand Out Turkeys Instead of Tickets #TSA TSA Ready for a Record Thanksgiving Travel Holiday #Thanksgiving Sandra Lee Shares Thanksgiving Recipes and Tips #Thanksgiving Grandma Using Lottery Winnings to Host Lavish Thanksgiving Feast for 27 Grandchildren #Thanksgiving Expert Tips to Find a Last-Minute Thanksgiving Flight Deal #Christmas Texas Man's Ugly Christmas Sweater Business Is Booming #Thanksgiving Countdown to Thanksgiving: Sandra Lee Shares Her Turkey Day Treats #Thanksgiving New Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Floats for 90th Anniversary #Christmas 'GMA' Deal and Steals on Holiday Gifts for $20 or Less #Thanksgiving Grandma Accidentally Invites Stranger to Thanksgiving Via Text #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving Dinner Will Cost Less for Families This Year, Group Says More News Brendan Dassey to Remain in Prison Pending Appeal ISIS Attacks as Poor Visibility Slows Iraqi Advance Zoo's Gorilla Enclosure Did Not Meet USDA Standards Teacher Fired After She Is Heard Using Racial Slur Study on NFL Player Safety Calls for Outside Doctors Beyond Rooms: Airbnb Adding Tours and Activities Trump Son-in-Law Hasn't Applied for WH Role: Adviser Appeals Court Rejects Lawsuit Against California Egg Law McDonald's Expanding Table Service Nearly 21M in US Have Substance Use Disorder: Report KNXV Road Rage Incident Leads to Chilling 911 Call in Arizona City Nov 17 Abandoned $85M Hotel Complex in Kabul Guarded on US Taxpayers' Dime Applications for US Unemployment Aid Fall to 43-Year Low #Thanksgiving Skinnytaste/ Instagram.com Slow-Cooker Recipes to Be Thankful for This Thanksgiving 1h ago Inside the $50K Thanksgiving Feast Served in New York City TSA Chief Says the Agency Is Ready for the Holiday Rush Daniel Gallagher via Instagram Whale Makes Rare Appearance in NY Harbor Nov 17 Mario Tama/Getty Images Why Men in Richest US Counties Can Expect to Live 10 Years Longer Than Poorest Nov 17 Stefanie Keenan/Getty Images for Glamour Kaley Cuoco Calls Plastic Surgery the 'Best Thing I Ever Did' Nov 17 Kimberly Williams-Paisley's Mother Has Died Brian Austin Green Posts Adorable Photos of His Sons Getty Images | Courtesy www.drphil.com 'Very Sick' Actress Shelley Duvall Is Battling Mental Illness Nov 17 Judge Awards Damages of $36M in Bobbi Kristina Death Case Jennifer Lopez Recalls What She Wore in Labor With Her Twins The Associated Press Wisconsin Asks to Keep 'Making a Murderer' Inmate Locked Up Nov 16 Play ABCNews.com 9-Year-Old Miraculously Saves Baby Brother From Fall The amazing lifesaving feat has viewed over 11 million times and the pint-sized hero has no idea how he did it. Up Next: Play Dog Missing for 5 Months Reunited With Owner ABCNews.com Robert Wagner Discusses Hollywood's Famed Leading Ladies in New Memoir 16m ago Charlie Sheen's Ex, 2 Children Safe: Officials Corbin Bleu Talks Life as a Newlywed Robert Gauthier/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images Barbra Streisand Reveals the Moment James Brolin Fell for Her Nov 17 'Duck Dynasty' to End After Current Season 5 Things to Know About Rising Country Duo Michigan Rattlers Daniel Zuchnik/WireImage/Getty Images Bon Jovi Contributes $5,000 to Repair Ben Franklin's Gravestone Nov 16 In Case You Missed It Firefighters Replace Girl's Minnie Mouse Desk Destroyed by Fire #BeInspired 12-Year-Old Boy With Heart Condition Gets His NFL Wish #Lego World's Largest Lego Store Opens in London #LeBron LeBron Donates $2.5M to Smithsonian's Muhammad Ali Exhibit 9-Year-Old Saves Baby Brother as He Falls Off Table Pluto's Frozen Surface May Hide Underground Ocean #NASA NASA Astronaut on Verge of Becoming Oldest Woman in Space 35,000-Pound Humpback Whale Nearly Swallows Diver, Video Shows Campaign to Fight Loneliness Focuses on At-Risk Seniors Man Drives 3K Miles Cross-Country to Adopt Dog Oldest Stone Tablet of the Ten Commandments Up for Auction Sanitation Crew Digs Through 6 Tons of Garbage to Find Lost Wedding Rings #StarWars Play ABCNews.com Inspirations Behind Iconic Star Wars Costumes Nov 17 'Star Wars' Droid History at the Denver Art Museum See Some of the Most Popular 'Star Wars' Costumes Up Close The Associated Press Jennifer Lopez Duets With Marc Anthony at Latin Grammys Nov 17 Ryan Phillippe Opens Up on Co-Parenting With Reese Witherspoon During Holidays Review: Sting's Latest Album Is His Best Since 1996 Steve Sands/GC Images/Getty Images Cate Blanchett and Sandra Bullock Film 'Ocean's 8' Nov 17 Brian Austin Green Shares Pics of His Smiling Family Nick Jonas Shares Sweet Pic With New Baby Niece Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News Business Highlights Business Highlights Sep 30, 2016 The Associated Press   ___ Malls, stores consider new ways to protect shoppers NEW YORK (AP) — More sophisticated cameras. Security robots. Customers feeling shaken by recent attacks at U.S. malls may not notice huge changes — but mall operators are testing and putting in place new technologies and other measures to offer people more protection without intruding too much on their shopping time. Mall executives say shoppers have been adamantly opposed to airport security tactics like metal detectors. So they’re trying other things, and increasingly using mass notifications that let them send text and email alerts to tenants within seconds in case of a crisis. ___ A year of Alphabet: Great for Google, less so for moonshots SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Reorganizing itself under the umbrella company Alphabet has done wonders for Google — but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons, which are suffering costly growing pains. A year after Alphabet took shape, Google’s revenue growth has accelerated — an unusual development for a company of its size. That success, however, also underscores Alphabet’s dependence on the fickle business of placing digital ads in core Google products like search, Gmail and YouTube video. As a result, it remains vulnerable to swings in marketing budgets and stiffening competition from another equally ambitious rival, Facebook. ___ Stocks say ‘never mind’; reverse recent losses as banks jump NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks climbed Friday as banks made a rapid recovery following a steep fall a day ago. Investors hoped Deutsche Bank and the financial system in general were in better shape than they had feared. Banks made the biggest gains Friday as Germany’s largest bank tried to reassure investors about its financial health. Investors hope Deutsche Bank will be able to negotiate down the massive cost of settling a U.S. investigation into mortgage securities. Energy companies rose as the price of oil continued to move higher, and strong earnings from Costco sent consumer stocks higher. Deutsche Bank is the largest lender in Germany, and investors are concerned about not only its plunging stock price, but the potential effect on the financial system if Deutsche Bank gets into serious trouble and the German government does not help it. Those fears faded on Friday. ___ Q&A: Will Deutsche Bank become the next Lehman Germany’s biggest bank is looking shaky and some investors fear it could collapse and endanger the wider financial system. Some even wonder whether it might become the next Lehman Brothers, the U.S. bank whose failure unleashed the worst of the global financial crisis in 2008. Experts warn against drawing such quick conclusions. Deutsche Bank’s shares are down 51 per cent so far this year and it’s negotiating a multibillion-dollar fine in the U.S. that it could have trouble paying. But it’s exactly because it is so big and important that it is unlikely to be allowed to simply fail, the way U.S. authorities did with Lehman. Here are some questions and answers about the bank and what it might mean for the rest of the world. ___ US consumer spending at weakest pace in 5 months WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. consumers scaled back their spending in August to its weakest pace in five months, reflecting a drop in spending on autos. Income growth also decelerated as wages and salary gains slowed following four strong months. Consumer spending was unchanged last month after solid gains of 0.4 per cent in July and 0.3 per cent in June, the Commerce Department reported Friday. It was the poorest showing since a similar flat reading in March. ___ From Ferraris to SUVs: 5 cars that shone at the Paris show PARIS (AP) — An obscenely powerful hybrid sports car, a family-friendly SUV with enough space for seven adults, and an electric vehicle that promises to keep going for over 300 miles (500 kilometres) on a single charge — these are some of the notable vehicles shining on the display stands under bright overhead lights at the Paris auto show. Executives at this year’s show are talking about how the industry can adapt to — or, better yet, profit from — disruptive change such as electric engines, networked vehicles, car sharing, and autonomous driving. All that could start coming together between 2020 and 2025, some think. Right now, however, they have some cars they want to sell. Here are five of the vehicles getting the most attention at the Paris Mondial de L’Automobile, which opens to the public Saturday and runs through Oct. 16. If you are lucky enough to be in the City of Light, an adult ticket costs 16 euros ($17.90). ___ US closes probe of Jeep automatic braking; no recall sought DETROIT (AP) — U.S. safety regulators have closed a yearlong investigation into the Jeep Grand Cherokee’s automatic braking system without seeking a recall. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration began the probe in June of last year after getting complaints that the system braked for no reason, increasing the risk of rear-end crashes. ___ BMW issues recall for new Takata air bag problem DETROIT (AP) — Another potentially deadly problem has surfaced with Takata air bags, this one forcing BMW to recall over 4,000 SUVs in the U.S. and Canada. The new problem was traced to improper welds, and it’s separate from the trouble that has caused the largest automotive recall in U.S. history. ___ Subaru recalls about 593K cars; wiper motors can overheat DETROIT (AP) — Subaru is recalling nearly 593,000 vehicles, some for a second time, because windshield wiper motors can overheat and increase the risk of a fire. The recall affects certain Legacy and Outback cars from the 2010 to 2014 model years. The company says that due to contamination, parts in the wiper motor cover can interfere with one another. If snow or ice stops the wiper arms from stopping in the proper position, the wiper motor could overheat. That could disable the wipers and melt the cover. ___ American hopes IT switch doesn’t snag flights this weekend DALLAS (AP) — American Airlines will make a big technology change this weekend involving planes and pilots, but passengers won’t notice a thing if all goes well. Nearly three years after the merger that created the current American, the airline is switching to a single flight-operating system instead of running three separate systems. American expects the change to boost efficiency, but like anything involving technology and airlines, it comes with risk. In a memo to employees Friday, executives said hundreds would be staffing “command centres” around the clock in case of hiccups. ___ Eurozone inflation doubles as low oil price impact fades LONDON (AP) — Inflation in the 19-country eurozone doubled in September to near two-year highs as the impact of lower oil prices began to fade, official figures showed Friday, in a development that’s likely to ease pressure on the European Central Bank to provide more stimulus next month. Eurostat, the European Union’s statistics agency, said the annual rate of inflation rose to 0.4 per cent in September. The increase, which was in line with market expectations, took inflation to its highest level since October 2014, when it was also 0.4 per cent. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 164.70 points, or 0.9 per cent, to 18,308.15. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 17.14 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 2,168.27. The Nasdaq composite rose 42.85 points, or 0.8 per cent, to 5,312. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 41 cents to $48.24 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, slipped 18 cents to $49.06 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline picked up 2 cents to $1.49 a gallon. Heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.53 a gallon. Natural gas slipped 5 cents to $2.91 per 1,000 cubic feet. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Down Over 60% From Its Peak, Twitter Inc May Still Not Be the Bargain Buyers Think It Is While a Twitter acquisition could be a wise strategic move for many tech companies, investors have to wonder: Is there be a better use for that cash? Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Sep 30, 2016 at 5:30PM As Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) acquisition rumors continue to grab headlines, a number of technology giants have been named as likely buyers of the social media company. Among the Silicon Valley suitors is none other than Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG), which likely sees value in Twitter's large user base and developing video strategy. In this segment from Industry Focus: Technology, Motley Fool analysts Dylan Lewis and David Kretzmann discuss the pitfalls of acquisitive behavior and potential better uses for Alphabet's large cash balance. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Sept. 23, 2016. Dylan Lewis: Looking at some of the rumored acquirers, on my end, it's not really shocking to see Google's name thrown into the mix, here. You see, pretty much anytime there's been rumors about Twitter being acquired, Google has gotten lumped in there. They integrate tweets in the search results, so, clearly, they see some value in what the platform provides in terms of live content. Google has over $12 billion in cash at their disposal. They have $77 billion if you include their short-term investments. That's a lot to work with. David Kretzmann: They're doing OK. They've produced about $20 billion in free cash flow over the past year. Google has no shortage of cash. From Alphabet's perspective, I think Twitter could be attractive, because they still have a sizable platform of relatively engaged users. Online advertising, obviously, is Google's bread and butter. They might be able to transfer some of their learnings and expertise to Twitter and fine-tune the strategy there. If Twitter's move into live video streaming grabs hold, that could really compliment what Google is doing with YouTube and competing against Facebook Live for this emerging market of online video. There are a fair amount of parallels where it could make sense for Google. At the same time, I still worry that, just because Google has that mountain of cash, you don't want to overpay for an acquisition, as we've seen with Microsoft's reign under Steve Ballmer. Just because you have a lot of cash and spend it acquiring a lot of companies doesn't mean it's going to work out well for shareholders. You want to be sure that just because Google or some of these other companies have a lot of cash, it's still very important that they're getting a good value for the cash that they spend on acquisitions. Lewis: And just looking at what they've done as a company in the last year or so, particularly since Ruth Porat has hopped on, of the share repurchases, is one of the other ways they can use that cash. You have gone through almost all of that authorization now. So, it'll be interesting to see what happens with that. But that's another use for that cash that, as a shareholder, I wouldn't necessarily mind. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. David Kretzmann owns shares of Facebook and Twitter. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Alphabet (A shares). The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Facebook, and Twitter. The Motley Fool owns shares of Microsoft. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Sep 30, 2016 at 5:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $786.16 no change (0.00%) Twitter NYSE:TWTR $18.55 no change (0.00%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $771.23 no change (0.00%) Read More 3 Great Stocks for Your Roth IRA These 2 Stocks Have Doubled Investors' Money in a Year Why the Self-Driving Car Revolution Will Be Slower Than You Think Intel Corporation Is Preparing a Core i3 7350K Gaming Chip AMD Soars Again After Google Cloud Deal Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWhat Is Workplace By Facebook? Director Julien Codorniou Tells Us At Disrupt London This December Save £250 On Tickets Now Weekly Roundup: Snapchat’s new Specs, Beyoncé is a tech investor and SpaceX’s plans to colonize Mars Posted Sep 30, 2016 by Anna Escher (@annaescher) 0 SHARES Next Story Apple is screwing up HomeKit; here’s how they can fix it This week, Elon Musk revealed SpaceX’s plan for humans to inhabit Mars, Google rebranded its cloud services and rumors swirled about a Twitter bid. These are the top stories of the week, and you can also receive them in your inbox. 1. The little blue bird may find a new home soon. Word is that Salesforce, Google, Microsoft and Verizon are all eyeing a Twitter bid. If Google buys, there’s a perfect spot for Twitter within YouTube. But Salesforce may be the best fit of all. 2. All eyes were on Elon Musk this week as he detailed SpaceX’s plans to colonize Mars. He believes humans have two options: One path is to stay on Earth forever and eventually face an extinction event. The alternative is to become a space-faring, multiplanetary species. He clarified that less than 5 percent of the company is actually working on the Mars mission, and a 2024 launch is optimistic. 3. If there’s one company cool enough to pull off the “computer on your face” concept, it’s Snapchat. The messaging company rebranded to Snap Inc. and made its first foray into hardware with the long-rumored camera glasses, the Spectacles. Yes, they’re actually real and will cost $130. But will they end up changing our behavior?  4. Google combined all its cloud services under the “Google Cloud” brand, and rebranded its business apps to G Suite. 5. Facebook wants work to be as addictive as socializing. Facebook at Work, the company’s enterprise communication and collaboration network, is launching on October 10. 6. A week after GoPro announced its new Karma drone, DJI introduced its new folding drone, the Mavic Pro. At $999, the Mavic is smaller and better at tracking than GoPro’s offering. 7. Queen Bey is bringing her business skills to the tech world. Beyoncé and the management company she started, Parkwood Entertainment, have invested $150,000 into Sidestep, an app for buying concert merchandise and skipping the line to pick it up at the show. 8. Where will AI lead us in the future? Facebook, Amazon, Google, IBM and Microsoft came together to launch the new Partnership on AI. The alliance was formed for the purpose of conducting research and promoting best practices when it comes to advancements in artificial intelligence. 9. This year, ClassPass jacked up its prices from a $100 monthly payment to a $180 monthly payment, at its highest, marking the first wave of doubt over its new-found business model. Following the price hike, the company lost 10 percent of its user base, but it was also the price that had to be paid to get ClassPass back to profitability. Here’s where the company is now. 10. New tech-backed voting initiatives seem to be popping up on the daily, and Silicon Valley is ready to spend. But will VC-funded registration apps and big-dollar donations really change the course of this election? 11. Contractors are preparing to boycott online grocery service Instacart over the elimination of tips. The new payment structure is meeting criticism because it will eliminate tips, but guarantee a delivery commission. Only the full-service shoppers (contractors) are affected. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Popular Posts Featured Stories Nom Launches Redesigned App VIDEO | 3:17 | Apps Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Open source and coopetition are the new normal 20 hours ago | Ron Miller YC tries a new experiment: temporary partners 20 hours ago | Connie Loizos Latest From TechCrunch Apple adds former Wall Street Journal editor to its China PR team 1 hour ago | Jon Russell French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 2 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Telemedicine company Syounika Online snags top prize at TechCrunch Tokyo 3 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Three UK suffers major data breach via compromised employee login 3 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Comment moderation powered by Up Next Apple is screwing up HomeKit; here’s how they can fix it Posted Sep 30, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress 21 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation yesterday by Frederic Lardinois French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 2 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 19 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 8 hours ago by Jon Russell Three UK suffers major data breach via compromised employee login 3 hours ago by Natasha Lomas LinkedIn is now officially blocked in Russia yesterday by Ingrid Lunden Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago by Darrell Etherington The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer’s internet yesterday by Devin Coldewey
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Enterprise Apps   /   Google Introduces Free Version of Site Usability Testing Tool       Google Introduces Free Version of Site Usability Testing Tool     By Jaikumar Vijayan  |  Posted 2016-09-30 Print               Google Optimize will make it easier for site owners to identify and implement features for delivering a more personalized experience for users. Google has introduced a free version of a tool designed to help organizations deliver more personalized experiences for users visiting their websites. The company's new Google Optimize, released this week in beta form, allows website owners to test webpages and their entire site to discover opportunities for engaging visitors more effectively. With it, administrators and webmasters will be able to test different features on their site and then tweak them to deliver a more personalized experience for each customer. The tool is built on top of Google Analytics so site owners and administrators will be able to use existing site data to quickly identify areas for improvement, according to an official description of Google Optimize. A Google Optimize WYSIWYG editor gives administrators the ability to change anything on their site to test new features, without having to recode the site each time to do so. The editor lets administrators edit text, images and layouts on the fly by simply clicking on the feature they want to change. The goal is to give website owners an easy way to see how different features and tweaks on their site will work in improving user experience. "It's easy to understand and act on results," said Google Optimize product managers Jon Mesh and Dan Cary, in announcing beta availability of the tool on the company's Analytics Blog. "Google Optimize calculates results based on your existing Google Analytics metrics and business objectives. It's clear to see what you should do next to drive even more impact for your business." Google Optimize supports the ability for organizations to run different kinds of site usability tests. For instance, it lets administrators create and deploy what are known as A/B tests in which they can compare two versions of the same page to determine which one makes more of an impression on users. Similarly, Optimize enables easier creation and deployment of multivariate tests to determine the optimal combination of site features and functions, Mesh and Cary said. According to the two product managers, the free version of Optimize gives site owners everything they need to get started on usability tests for their sites. Optimize 360, the paid for version, offers more robust testing and site experiments and helps site owners more directly in delivering custom experiences for users, they said. Optimize is not the only Google analytics tool for which a free version is now available. Earlier this year, Google released a free version of its Google Data Studio reporting and data visualization product. The tool, currently in beta form, is available in 21 countries and basically enables businesses to extract insights for making better decisions regarding the usability of their websites. Google's goal in offering free versions of its analytics tools is to make it easier for website owners to compete on personalized marketing and customer experience. "We want to give all businesses the tools and access to compete—and ultimately, drive better online consumer experiences," Google Senior Director of Product Management Babak Pahlavan had noted in a recent blog post. Google Optimize will become available globally starting next month. The company has a sign-up page for those interested in using the tool.           LATEST ENTERPRISE APPS ARTICLES   Microsoft's AI Efforts Get a Boost from Nvidia, Elon Musk's OpenAI CA Technologies Unveils New DevOps, SaaS, Mainframe Tools Microsoft Takes Platinum Membership in Linux Foundation GE Unveils a Ton of new Predix Products for Industrial IoT Windows 10 Sticky Notes Grow More Insightful in More Languages                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWhat Is Workplace By Facebook? Director Julien Codorniou Tells Us At Disrupt London This December Save £250 On Tickets Now Cloud French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation Senior benefits platform Renew.com raises $3 million to help retiring baby boomers Open source and coopetition are the new normal Browse more... Internet of Things The R.Pi IoT Shield adds IoT connectivity to your DIY project GE Digital snags ServiceMax for $915 million How to facilitate the path to brownfield IoT development Browse more... Apple Apple adds former Wall Street Journal editor to its China PR team Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. Apple addresses ‘Touch Disease’ with reduced cost repair for iPhone 6 Plus Browse more... IoT The Almond 3 router actually makes it enjoyable to set up a Wifi and home automation network Aurora is a set of connectable, color-changing LED wall panels How to facilitate the path to brownfield IoT development Browse more... HomeKit Inside an Apple smart home Aurora is a set of connectable, color-changing LED wall panels Elgato intros a standalone motion detector for Apple HomeKit Browse more... Crunch Network Apple is screwing up HomeKit; here’s how they can fix it Posted Sep 30, 2016 by Daniel Conrad 0 SHARES Next Story Nutanix up 131% on first day of trading Daniel Conrad Crunch Network Contributor Daniel is co-founder of Beep Networks, and was an early product manager on Google's Android and Access teams. More posts by this contributor: Three reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the Internet of Things How to join the network The real magic of the Internet of Things happens when devices work together. It will be magic when Siri, on your iPhone, can adjust your thermostat or confirm that you locked the back door; when your door lock can tell your sound system you’re home and you don’t even have to push a button to start the music. That’s not the reality we live in today, because most devices can’t talk to each other. Without a common language, this magic can’t happen. Apple (through HomeKit) and Google (through Works with Nest) have introduced programs to enable this type of communication. As owners of the two dominant mobile phone platforms, they are both well-positioned to set standards for in-home device communication. And yet, Works with Nest adoption is light years ahead of HomeKit. Looking at the numbers: Apple’s website currently boasts HomeKit-compatible devices from 7 manufacturers. The Works with Nest page shows 95. Nest connects to washing machines, pet feeders and baby monitors. HomeKit works with Philips lights and not much else. Apple’s been making devices for a long time. They’re in a lot more homes than Nest, and their retail stores should give them a tremendous advantage in attracting partners. Also, connecting to iPhone should be easy. So why does Nest have an order of magnitude more device partners? Hardware is slow, software is fast The fundamental difference in approach is one of hardware versus software. Apple requires hardware integration. Nest does integrations in the cloud. Our team built one of the first devices that connected to Nest. The integration and certification test process took one engineer a few days to complete. Nearly everything happens in the cloud, not on the user’s local Wi-Fi network. It didn’t hurt that we were well-supported by the team at Nest, or that their documentation is publicly available and excellent. Or that Firebase is awesome. (Google actually acquired Firebase — maybe just to make Works With Nest even better?) Apple does things totally differently. You have to apply for access to the MFi developer program to even look at the documentation for HomeKit hardware integration. Seriously, you have to wait weeks for approval just to read the HomeKit device requirements. Apple requires an authentication chip be added to your hardware that you can only buy from them. Existing products can not be connected to HomeKit without this change to their electrical design. It’s like in a world with email, they’re asking us to use a fax machine. You also have to build your product with one of their approved manufacturers. If your current manufacturer is not on the list, you must move your line to a new factory. You have to test and certify your device in one of Apple’s approved labs. I understand there are only a few of them  —  a friend here in San Francisco had to send his devices to the U.K. for testing. I’ve even heard that Apple reviews your packaging to make sure the colors don’t clash with their branding schemes. I’m honestly choosing not to believe that that’s true —  but maybe it is. Integrations belong in the cloud Most importantly, Apple requires much of the device-to-device integration to happen on the local Wi-Fi network  —  rather than talk to servers, your device talks to an iPhone through the local Wi-Fi network, and the iPhone talks to the other devices. That means that HomeKit logic must be baked into the firmware on the device itself, and any future modifications or extensions of the system mean updating that firmware. This is not how it’s supposed to work in the days of the internet. Devices should be connected to the cloud. In the cloud, servers can talk to each other. We can fix bugs without risky over-the-air firmware updates. To be clear, there is a place for non-cloud connections between devices. We used to ship a music synchronization device, and the low-latency communications we needed required local communication. Nest offers the Weave platform for local communication between devices, too. Bluetooth devices can’t connect to a Wi-Fi access point, so they need to communicate with a phone directly. But there’s no reason to require integration at the device level when you can do it in the cloud. This is nuts It’s strange to me that Apple can get this so wrong. It’s like in a world with email, they’re asking us to use a fax machine. Related Articles Apple works to fit the smart home under a single roof Why Apple wants to be the smart home's nerve center Here's How To Use Siri Commands On iOS Devices With HomeKit Accessories My first thought is that they might want to limit the quantity of devices to improve the average quality. If they make it expensive enough, maybe only the best devices will get through. The Amazon reviews on First Alert’s HomeKit smoke detector suggest otherwise. In today’s day and age it’s often not the rich companies building the best devices. Maybe it’s just that Apple fundamentally still thinks like a hardware company. That is, when they think of integrations, they instinctively begin with lists of hardware requirements. Whatever their goal, the end result is that HomeKit is going to fail unless Apple changes its approach. I hope they do. God knows Nest could use a healthy competitor. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase HomeKit Description HomeKit is a framework in iOS 8 for communicating with and controlling connected accessories in a user’s home. Website http://developer.apple.com/homekit Full profile for HomeKit Nest Labs Founded 2010 Overview Nest Labs is a home automation producer of programmable, self-learning, sensor-driven, Wi-Fi-enabled thermostats, smoke detectors, and other security systems. It introduced the Nest Learning Thermostat in 2011 as its first product. The Nest Protect smoke and carbon monoxide detector was then introduced in October 2013. After acquiring Dropcam, the rebranded Nest Cam was introduced in June 2015. Location Palo Alto, CA Categories Sensor, Home Automation, Manufacturing Founders Matt Rogers Website http://www.nest.com Full profile for Nest Labs Nest Founded 2010 Overview Hatched in 2010, Nest is a full service early-stage venture capital firm focused on helping startups and talented founders from around the world build businesses that apply and commercialise innovation.Nest partners with leading corporations (OCBC, DBS, Infiniti and others) to run a series of mentor-driven accelerators within the healthcare, fintech, insurance, blockchain and smart cities &mobility … Location Sheung Wan, Categories Incubators, Finance, Venture Capital, FinTech, Innovation Management Website http://nest.vc Full profile for Nest Firebase Founded 2011 Overview Firebase is Google's mobile platform. Develop high-quality apps and grow your user base on iOS, Android, or the Web. Firebase is made up of complementary features that you can mix-and-match to fit your needs including: Free & unlimited Analytics, A Realtime Database, User Authentication, Crash Reporting, Push Notifications, and more. Learn more at http://www.firebase.com Location San Francisco, CA Categories Real Time, Developer APIs, Cloud Infrastructure, Developer Tools, Mobile Apps, Enterprise Software Founders James Tamplin Website http://www.firebase.com Full profile for Firebase Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Apple Internet of Things IoT HomeKit Cloud Popular Posts Featured Stories Nom Launches Redesigned App VIDEO | 3:17 | Apps Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Open source and coopetition are the new normal 20 hours ago | Ron Miller YC tries a new experiment: temporary partners 20 hours ago | Connie Loizos Latest From TechCrunch Apple adds former Wall Street Journal editor to its China PR team 1 hour ago | Jon Russell French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 2 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Telemedicine company Syounika Online snags top prize at TechCrunch Tokyo 3 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Three UK suffers major data breach via compromised employee login 3 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Comment moderation powered by Up Next Nutanix up 131% on first day of trading Posted Sep 30, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress 21 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation yesterday by Frederic Lardinois French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 2 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 19 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 8 hours ago by Jon Russell Three UK suffers major data breach via compromised employee login 3 hours ago by Natasha Lomas LinkedIn is now officially blocked in Russia yesterday by Ingrid Lunden Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago by Darrell Etherington The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer’s internet yesterday by Devin Coldewey
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Mobile Computing Car Tech Google expands Waze Rider pilot program to San Francisco users By Jose Vilches on Sep 30, 2016, 11:15 AM TechSpot Google has quietly begun rolling out its Waze ride-sharing service to users in the San Francisco Bay Area, following a pilot program that was initially available to more than 25,000 employees at select companies such as Adobe and Walmart. The service puts Google in competition with Uber’s UberPool and Lyft’s Line services, but with some key differences in the business model. While the aforementioned Uber and Lyft services are basically swapouts for taxis that let you split the cost of your trip with another rider headed in the same direction, Google said it intends to have the Waze app match drivers and riders already looking to move in the same direction. The driver is only reimbursed for mileage driven at a maximum of 54 cents per mile — Google says it doesn't believe drivers need to report any payment as income because it is considered gas money. Coordination, communication, and payment are automatically handled through the mobile apps. According to an account by a Wall Street Journal reporter taking a trip from San Francisco’s financial district to Oakland — roughly a 20-minute ride — Google paid the driver $6.30 and charged the rider just $3 — factoring in a discount for the service’s launch. The same ride outside of rush hour would cost $23 to $30 on Uber or Lyft, according to the companies’ apps. Those in the San Francisco Bay Area can register via the original Waze app, but riders must make requests via the separate Waze Rider app. For now at least, drivers aren't subject to a background check, nor are they required to provide a photo ID, they are just required to provide Waze with a schedule overview in addition to their home and work addresses. Related Reads Law enforcement fights back against the Waze app police tracking feature FBI reportedly hacked San Bernardino iPhone using zero-day exploit revealed by professional hackers Google integrates Google Voice with Hangouts, introduces free VoIP calls 2 comments 43 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… "Smart" security cameras could help catch texting and driving Snapdragon 835 launched along with Quick Charge 4.0 Samsung's latest acquisition and next-gen text messaging Popular 29 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill Load Comments 2 ... User Comments: 2 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 81 Mark Zuckerberg says Facebook will fight to protect the rights of Muslims 73 Trump says "dishonest media" of Facebook, Google, and Twitter suppressed damaging Clinton news 76 Open Forum: What do you think of the iPhone 7? 14 Getting 5.1 surround through S/PDIF 3.5mm jack 8 Rebuilding a PC Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Google Google delays Android Wear 2.0 until 2017 By Tim Schiesser on Sep 30, 2016, 9:30 AM TechSpot Google was originally expected to release the next major version of Android Wear late this year, however a recent post from the company has revealed the smartwatch operating system has been delayed until early 2017. The Android Wear 2.0 developer preview program will continue throughout the rest of this year and in to 2017, with watches set to get the final build early next year. Google announced the availability of the third developer preview several days ago, and the company says another developer preview will be released before the update is sent to OEMs. In the third developer preview, Google has added the Play Store to Android Wear 2.0. It may seem a little cramped, however users can now browse and install apps directly from their watch, rather than using the equivalent app on their smartwatch. Searching for apps is as easy as using voice commands, the tiny Android Wear keyboard, or handwriting. The Play Store on Android Wear also allows you to install only the watch app, provided the app supports this feature of Android Wear 2.0. This prevents apps you only use on your watch from clogging up the app tray on your smartphone. The choice to delay Android Wear 2.0 until next year seems to fit with the plans of major Android Wear OEMs such as LG, Motorola and Huawei, who decided to hold off releasing any new smartwatches during the fall. In early 2017 we could see a major relaunch of Android Wear complete with new devices running the updated operating system. Related Reads Google previews Android Wear 2.0, its largest platform update yet Android M officially unveiled at Google I/O Google wants to help find the Android smartphone that's right for you 5 comments 85 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Make Chrome faster and keep RAM usage under control US inventor's folding paper bike helmet wins James Dyson award EA: we develop games for high-end PCs, then port them to consoles Popular 29 comments Make Chrome great again: Performance and memory tweaks Samsung SSD 960 Evo 500GB Review: The king of the TLC hill Load Comments 5 ... User Comments: 5 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 8 Russia blocks LinkedIn for violating local data storage laws 22 US inventor's folding paper bike helmet wins James Dyson award 25 Update: Nvidia GeForce 375.95 Hot Fix solves low memory speed issues 7 UK's Snooper's Charter approved by parliament, set to become law in next few weeks 50 FBI ran active child porn site for two weeks to identify pedophiles Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad A year of Alphabet: Great for Google, less so for moonshots By Associated Press Published: 19:16 EST, 30 September 2016 | Updated: 19:17 EST, 30 September 2016 e-mail SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Reorganizing itself under the umbrella company Alphabet has done wonders for Google — but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons, which are suffering costly growing pains. A year after Alphabet took shape, Google's revenue growth has accelerated — an unusual development for a company of its size. That success, however, also underscores Alphabet's dependence on the fickle business of placing digital ads in core Google products like search, Gmail and YouTube video. As a result, it remains vulnerable to swings in marketing budgets and stiffening competition from another equally ambitious rival, Facebook. Alphabet was supposed to speed the process of turning offshoot businesses into new technological jackpots. CEO Larry Page predicted that separating these smaller "moonshots" from the massive search-and-advertising business would spur innovation by fostering a more entrepreneurial atmosphere. FILE - In this Monday, Feb. 1, 2016, file photo, electronic screens post the price of Alphabet stock at the Nasdaq MarketSite in New York. Google has been thriving since adopting Alphabet Inc. as its corporate parent in 2015, underscoring how much the company still depends on digital advertising despite spending heavily on quirky projects in search of another technological jackpot. The performance serves as a reminder of the challenge facing Alphabet as it tries to become something more than a one-trick pony and build an innovation factory. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) That hasn't happened during Alphabet's first year. MAKING THE SHIFT Until Page and fellow Google co-founder Sergey Brin created Alphabet (which turns 1 on Sunday), investors complained that Google was spending too much on high-risk efforts. New Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat, who joined Google in mid-2015, responded by reining in expenses to keep them more in line with revenue growth. A few months later, Page announced the plan to draw a dividing line between Google and the far-flung forays Alphabet now refers to as "Other Bets." The mishmash includes smart-thermostat maker Nest; the Fiber project, a high-speed internet service; and X lab, where the company is building robotic cars and designing the stratospheric balloons designed to beam internet service to remote areas. Other "Other Bets" include the biotech firm Verily and medical-research firm Calico, which has been studying ways to stop aging. Alphabet also runs funds investing in startups and mid-sized companies. Page argued that fencing off Other Bets would make Google "even better through greater focus." CORE SUCCESSES That part of Page's vision appears to be panning out. After subtracting ad commissions, Alphabet's second-quarter revenue jumped 22 percent from the previous year to $17.5 billion. It was the best performance in four years, adjusted for changes in currency exchange rates, says RBC analyst Mark Mahaney. Alphabet shares rose 25 percent over the past year, easily outpacing major market indexes. "Folks will be hard pressed to say that Alphabet hasn't been a success," S&P Global Market Intelligence analyst Scott Kessler says. Alphabet Inc. declined to comment on its first-year performance. But Sundar Pichai, who became Google's CEO in the restructuring, told investors in July, "There is an amazing energy right now." Among other things, Google has been making strides in the still-nascent field of artificial intelligence, hoping to create more convenient services that attract even more eyeballs for its advertisers. STALLED BETS But the demand for financial discipline and accountability appears to have taken a toll on Other Bets, which lose billions of dollars a year. Key leaders have defected from Alphabet's high-profile self-driving car project and its Nest line of internet-connected devices. Alphabet also has scaled back plans to expand its Fiber service to dozens of U.S. cities. Creating a holding company also was supposed to make it easier to diversify through major acquisitions. But Alphabet's biggest deal so far has been the $625 million purchase of a business software maker, Apigee Corp., which had annual revenue of just $92 million. Alphabet could make a much bigger splash if buys Twitter, as recent reports say it is considering. Twitter would give Alphabet a popular publishing outlet to monitor trends, mine data and sell even more ads. Alphabet declined to discuss whether it's mulling a bid, which would be expensive; Twitter might fetch between $20 and $30 billion, despite its problems with user growth and online harassment. LOOKING BEYOND Google is doing so well that investors aren't fixating on the losses with Other Bets, Kessler says. Only three Bets — Nest, Fiber and Verily — are generating even a smidgen of revenue. In nine months, the Other Bets companies have lost a combined $2.6 billion on revenue of $410 million. Another big loss is expected in the July-September quarter; the company reports results on Oct. 27. BGC analyst Colin Gillis still sees the gamble as prudent and expects at least one of the projects will come up with a breakthrough that lessens Alphabet's dependence on Google. Optimism is fine as Google keeps growing at a robust rate. But Wall Street will likely ratchet up the pressure if the company falters and nothing emerges from Other Bets to help pick up the slack. ___ This story has been corrected to change spelling of first reference to a biotech firm to Verily instead of Verify. FILE- In this Nov. 2, 2015, file photo, Alphabet CEO Larry Page speaks at the Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco. Google has been thriving since adopting Alphabet Inc. as its corporate parent in 2015, underscoring how much the company still depends on digital advertising despite spending heavily on quirky projects in search of another technological jackpot. Page predicted that separating the smaller operations from the massive search-and-advertising business would spur innovation by fostering a more entrepreneurial atmosphere. But that hasn¿t happened in Alphabet¿s first year. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'We're very much in love!' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson FINALLY breaks her silence on Jake Roche split reports as she discusses her dream wedding Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her bump as she and Marvin step out for the first time since announcing they are expecting a second child 'It's not about age': Joel Dommett's racy ex Natalia Noir gives his I'm A Celeb 'romance' with Carol Vorderman her approval... despite their 25-year age gap Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle A bit of all-white! Millie Mackintosh gets her groove on in a sexy swimsuit before packing on the PDA with beau Hugo Taylor on holiday in Mauritius Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED 'I can't wait until the baby arrives!': Pregnant Alex Jones shows off her bump in a scarlet blouse as she shares her joy about becoming a mother Gemma Atkinson shows off her perky posterior and toned physique in a plunging floral swimsuit as she hits the beach in Cape Verde 'I literally could cry': Fans go wild as Great British Bake Off hunk Selasi returns to TV to whip up a boozy rum cake on This Morning  Tasty treat Sophie Kasaei flashes her cleavage in racy top on night out with Marnie Simpson and Chloe Ferry amid rumours she's been axed from Geordie Shore AGAIN  'You can't do the self pity party': Tulisa wraps up as she heads to Radio One to discuss her fresh start after putting legal woes behind her Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Back to her best Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  Well, it is Sin City... 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'I don't feel sorry for myself':  Scarlett Moffatt reveals she suffers from facial paralysis... as she is ruled out of daredevil Bushtucker Trial on I'm A Celebrity...  TOWIE's Lydia Bright flaunts her killer curves and taut abs in skimpy brown bikini in saucy Instagram snap as she lands Down Under Feeling the heat Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the bitter BBC! 'Crybaby' corporation is mocked over pompous review dismissing Clarkson's £160m new show Jeremy's revenge: Clarkson, Hammond, and May show the BBC how it's done... The Grand Tour was more like Top Gear Max, by Jim Shelley  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth 'We're practising!' James Jordan reveals wife Ola's desire to have a baby as he discusses their steamy sex life... after her emotional chat with Lisa Snowdon 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues That's amore! Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Simply chic Trying to fight your age, Carol? Take it from me - it's a jungle out there! The waspish advice of an I'm A Celebrity survivor on freezing your face Pixie Lott flaunts her cleavage in a plunging gown as she shows off her dazzling diamond ring at engagement party with new fiancé Oliver Cheshire Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Jenny in the frocks Sheena's back in the big time: Singer beams for photographers in high heels and a figure-hugging frock at launch of her new musical  Looks back to her best 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel on TV... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy That's one way to unwind 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco, 30, on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Big Bang Theory star in candid mood 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife Over again Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates... after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn' Fiery redheads! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense exchange with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Heated discussion Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on US TV with husband hubby Keith Urban Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Some serious PDA Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Tickled pink Isla Fisher reveals she fooled friends and family by putting doppelganger Amy Adams on her family Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore flashes her stomach as she happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Frolicked in the surf Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker A true work of art: Amy Willerton flaunts her lithe legs in plunging black minidress as she attends exhibition Looked uber-glamorous at event Age-defying supermodel Twiggy, 67, shares the beauty look that will never date (and EVERY woman should take note) Shared her secrets 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style 'I left it kind of late to have children': Lisa Snowdon, 44, tells Ola Jordan she 'didn't find anybody' in time to start a family in I'm A Celeb heart to heart Lord Sugar shocks The Apprentice candidates with on the spot firing of Karthik Nagesan... before sacking Samuel Boateng for crushing loss in boat show task  Is The Apprentice fixed? Social media explodes with theories after fans spot a 'weird' continuity error - contestants wearing scarves in the SUMMER Handsome Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Leggy Sofia Richie shows off her slim pins in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA Turned her sidewalk into a catwalk 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Following ex-wife's recent breakdown Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala Always a golden girl I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet What a body Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK Hands on training 'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image 'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and her rapper beau Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday She's part of the family  'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with her backup dancer revealed in sneak peek of her show... and their chemistry is intense  'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Bonding time Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off X Factor to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with partner Lauren Silverman and son Eric A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Not your usual first car Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Blossoming relationship  'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  No bum deal 'That's about to happen': Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster which delayed start of her Australian tour Busty Jemma Lucy leaves almost nothing to the imagination in eye-popping plunge dress as she parties with Charlotte Dawson at Dating Awards Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  Different style Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London Red-dy to hit the town Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Untitled Lizzie Borden biopic Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles Thrown out Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA Always looks sophisticated  Scarlett Moffatt admits she has 'no confidence'... and that she even questioned why boyfriend Luke Crodden wanted to be with her 'It's a part of life I've missed out on': Larry Lamb talks of secret daughter he fathered at 21 on I'm A Celebrity... and admits he has 'no idea where she is' 'Best Christmas pressie ever!': Rochelle Humes posts baby scan snap just hours after announcing she and husband Marvin are expecting second child Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in  Hyde Park Blooming lovely! Geri Horner showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys casual day out with husband Christian Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split A sparkling occasion! Holly Willoughby twinkles in a glittering black coat as she helps switch on Regent Street festive lights 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram 'Lovely to see these!' Robbie Williams shows he hasn't lost his cheeky side as he sticks his head in presenter's cleavage at Bambi awards A Klass of her own! Myleene takes the plunge in a low-cut jumpsuit as she poses with a hunky shirtless male model in new fashion campaign  Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu Highlighted trim figure  Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers New sci-fi film Have yourself a Kerry Christmas! Ms Katona rocks a retro quiff as she switches on festive lights in Lincoln with her panto co-stars A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland Little bundle of joy  Caroline Flack opts for comfort over couture... but ensures her make-up is flawless as she makes an appearance at Winter Wonderland launch night Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged Ca-nine out of ten! Pascal Craymer flashes her legs in thigh-skimming leather dress as she helps dog charity celebrate its fifth birthday Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' as she reveals struggle with mental illness 'It wouldn't have lasted': Lady C reveals she broke up with Larry Lamb after he wanted to MARRY her as she divulges on their six-month romance 'The show is about to start!' I'm A Celebrity set for shake-up as Danny Baker and Martin Roberts arrive... after camp enjoy winning streak in trials Laura Whitmore beams as she attends VIP Winter Wonderland launch... amid claims of bitter feud with former Strictly partner Giovanni Pernice Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Petra Nemcova looks sensational as she showcases her endless limbs in a plunging blue gown on the red carpet at the Bambi Awards in Berlin If anyone can, Ferne McCann! Former TOWIE star catches the eye as she steps out in garish pink pyjamas... after reflecting on her recent nose job 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau BBC radio DJ Mark Goodier, 55, suffers a stroke - meaning he won't voice new Now That's What I Call Music advert for the first time in 25 YEARS  Coronation Street leaves soap fans howling after character Anna Windass causes MAJOR prop blunder Cru-tch of the matter Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in chic head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London 'Blood was coming out of everything: Pregnant Stephanie Davis breaks down in tears on Loose Women as she details her terrifying hospital dash  A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Trio of beauties  Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer Bryan Tanaka was there  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs Putting on The Ritz! Jenna Coleman and Laura Carmichael add a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as they attend exclusive fashion launch Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos BAZ BAMIGBOYE - Rosamund and the story showing love can conquer racism: Actress reveals how photo convinced her to star in new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE- King Glenda in talks to reign over Broadway: Actress could be set to move her role as Lear to New York after a series of rave reviews Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes her rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Very Blue Peter! Former presenter Janet Ellis on the shortlist for annual worst sex scene in fiction In her first novel The Butcher's Hook Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears sizzling swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot She knows how to make a splash Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing a snapshot of her baby boy Theodore dressed as a teddy bear Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Will Downton Abbey fans recognise Michelle Dockery in her raunchy new series? They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Pregnant Billie Faiers shows off her cleavage in tiny bikini as she cosies up to fiancé Greg Shepherd and daughter Nelly during Maldives getaway  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her envy-inducing abs in a striped bikini before cosying up to Hugo Taylor on romantic holiday in Mauritius It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave a statement  So THAT'S how you say it! Discovery of a 60s television show hosted by Roald Dahl shows fans have been saying his name wrong for decades  'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals she wishes she could give birth again as it was the 'greatest' experience of her life Happy memories Pregnant Teresa Palmer shares intimate photos and account of giving birth to son Bodhi, revealing waters broke while having 'special time' with husband Ooh la la! Newly-engaged Pixie Lott channels Parisian chic with beret, military-style coat and leather trousers as she returns to UK after French trip Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his new movie Sully 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks tells star-studded museum audience 'America has been in worse places than we are at right now'  'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on Australian TV I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center High spirits  Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumours  'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  New video  Abbey Clancy cuts a stylish figure in teetering heels and black flares as she attends fashion event in London Jessica Chastain delivers impressive performance in sneak preview for World War II drama The Zookeeper's Wife New preview  Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2million... nearly 50 PERCENT off original asking price 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... amid split rumours Still going strong Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls Royce Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Life imitating art! Ruby Rose enjoys VERY steamy smooch with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso as they show off rebooted romance in Veronicas video Shore about him? Geordie star Chantelle Connelly's mystery man revealed as MMA Boxer Kane Mousah... who spent four years in prison for gun charges 'I detoxed to firm up the wobbly bits': I'm A Celeb's Carol Vorderman, 55, on her post menopausal body, fun in her fifties and finding love in the jungle What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Not such the shy English guy now... Oliver Chris is Prince William's double as he dons his Irish Guards military regalia for King Charles III shoot Green Wing star was Wills' doppelganger Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael join mourners at a memorial service for Prince Charles's rich pal Mark Vestey Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  Seasonal spending  Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in television adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' . Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits All eyes on her EXCLUSIVE: Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey gave away all his personal prison property before learning his release has been blocked by judges  'Australia's No. 1 party boy would like to meet her': Playboy cricketer Shane Warne plans to meet up with Paris Hilton during her visit to Melbourne 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary A big sweetheart PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Kerry Katona flashes surgical tape on newly-taut stomach... after revealing she has undergone 'a s**t load of liposuction' Make-up free Danielle Lloyd flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting leggings as she steps out in Birmingham Casually clad for the outing Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Shameless star Jody Latham is cleared of 'harassing' a former contestant on The Apprentice in a feud over the actor's ex-fiancée Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Putting on a brace face  Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  She showed off her taut tum and slender physique Jungle Joel makes a terrified Tarzan in the tree tops as he's forced to climb 100ft above ground to reach stars in Great Ascent Bushtucker Trial Remember my name! Daisy Lowe rocks a personalised bomber jacket as she steps out on a dog walk after Strictly axe No way of forgetting Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Certainly turned heads on arrival  'Ten tiny fingers, ten tiny toes': Rochelle Humes announces she is expecting second child with Marvin... after revealing pressure from daughter for sibling  Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits son Silas 'Mum, put your t**s away!': Katie Price admits her children hate seeing her racy shoots as she reveals daughter Princess, nine, has no interest in modelling Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Google adds detailed college info cards to Search Brittany A. Roston - Sep 30, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit It’s that time of year — a bunch of people are agonizing over which college to attend, and Google plays a large part in their research. To help expedite and flesh out that research process, Google has announced the addition of detailed college data cards in Search, presenting a bunch of information about the institution in one easy-to-read place. The data presented is gathered from the U.S. Department of Education’s College Scorecard, says Google. You can see examples of data in the screenshots below — the info you get depends on what university or college you search, of course, and includes things like the cost of undergraduate attendance, graduation rates, acceptance rates, how much it costs for those who are getting federal aid, and how much the institution’s graduates make on average after graduating. Obviously, it doesn’t cover all the aspects of a university or college, but it does provide a snapshot of some of the most important information prospective students will care about, and that quickly speeds up the research process. If you’re only interested in colleges with a certain graduation rate, for example, this makes quick work of weeding out unwanted institutions. Of course, you have the option to star some colleges if you want, and to scroll through the search results for other sources of information. When researching colleges on mobile, I’m also presented with lists of public events at the institution with dates, as well as a score for the institution based on web reviews. The information doesn’t show up in desktop searches. SOURCE: Google Blog Story Timeline Google launches G Suite set of apps, new “The Keyword” Blog Google expands Waze Rider ride-sharing service to San Francisco Google Maps gains new voice commands via "OK Google" Tags EducationgoogleInternetSearchsearch engine Must Read Bits & Bytes Bucking trends, Acura reveals vision of tomorrow’s dashboard Now Alfa Romeo has an SUV, and we have so many questions 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Latest Headlines Ballu is part blimp and part robot Nov 18, 2016 Amazon Prime Video ready for global rollout soon Nov 18, 2016 SpaceX wants to launch 4,425 satellites for global internet connectivity Nov 18, 2016 Smaller Xiaomi Mi Mix packing 5.5-inch screen could be called Nano tips leak Nov 18, 2016 Scientists say asteroid strike that killed dinosaurs made a crater higher than Mt. Everest Nov 18, 2016 Latest Reviews Review: Logitech Z337 Bold Sound with Bluetooth 2.1 Speaker System Nov 16, 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
null
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 30 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 Android Basics: Use Google Play Music on your phone without using up a device authorization Justin Duino - 2 months ago @jaduino Android Basics Google Play Music View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google launched its music streaming service, Google Play Music, at I/O 2013 and has since improved it by including YouTube Red. With the $10 all-access individual plan, you get unlimited music and an ad-free experience on YouTube, which can be an awesome deal. But Google’s 10 device authorization limit for streaming music can sometimes get in the way… Due to copyright laws, Google wants to make sure people are not taking advantage of their Play Music accounts, which is why they have to enforce a 10 device limit. The caveat, though, is that you are only allowed to deauthorize a maximum of four devices per calendar year. While most users will probably not have an issue with this, there are times — especially if you’re an Android writer, for example — that you just don’t want to use up one of your authorizations. Thankfully, there’s an imperfect solution: streaming from your phone or tablet’s mobile browser. Full instructions below, in case you don’t know how to do this: Open up the Chrome browser on your phone or tablet Go to music.google.com. A splashscreen will load and direct you to the Play Music app to listen to music Tap on the three-dot menu icon in the upper right-hand side of the screen and check the box next to Request desktop site The website should now automatically reload with the full desktop version of the webpage You will now be able to scroll around the website and start listening to music without using one of your device authorizations Guides Android Basics View THe Guide Google Play Music View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google Maps for Android integrates Google Calendar events Next time you need to navigate to your next meeting, just open the Google Maps app. By Jake Smith for iGeneration | September 30, 2016 -- 20:40 GMT (13:40 PDT) | Topic: Mobility Google announced on Friday the integration of Google Calendar events into Google Maps for Android, thanks to an update starting to rollout worldwide on Google Play. Read this Google Maps, Offers and the big wearable technology picture Google Maps is getting a coupons and deals infusion in a move that will become increasingly handy as wearable technology accelerates. Read More Now, when you leave for a meeting, you will no longer have to open the Google Calendar app for the address attached to the event. An "Upcoming" tab within the Google Maps "Your places" section will list events pulled directly from Calendar. "With your Google Calendar events on the map, now you've got one more way to personalize and make the most of your Google Maps experience," wrote Zach Maier, product manager at Google Maps, in a blog post. The update also adds labeling for saved locations and Google Contacts integration to navigate to your friends house by searching for their name -- as long as their address is saved under Google Contacts. Earlier this week, Google added a new series of voice commands to Google Maps for Android, allowing drivers to use voice commands and ask questions without having to pickup their handsets. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Google, LinkedIn, Facebook suggest a focus on mobile before looking into AI Mobility Mozilla wraps single Firefox private tab into new Focus browser for iOS Tablets Barnes & Noble launches $50 Nook Tablet 7-inch, on sale starting Black Friday Mobility Apple to repair 'touch disease' on iPhone 6 Plus for $149 × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Google takes aim at Uber with Waze Rider 'carpool' app that lets commuters give each other rides Pilot project was run in Tel Aviv to test concept App is now available across Israel for Android devices System learns driver's daily commutes and finds others who need a ride Drivers can only take part on their commute  By Mark Prigg For Dailymail.com Published: 16:38 EST, 30 September 2016 | Updated: 09:37 EST, 1 October 2016 e-mail 71 shares 15 View comments Google has launched a new 'carpool' app that will let commuters give others going the same way a lift in its bit to take on Uber. The app will use Waze's navigation system to learn the routes drivers most frequently take to work and match them up with people looking for a ride in the same direction. It has previously been tested with firms around Google's office, but is now available across the Bay Area, according to the Wall Street Journal. WazeRider finds you the most convenient, affordable ride to work from fellow commuters already driving with Waze Commuters will pay fellow drivers a small fee for a ride to and from work. Google is limiting drivers and riders to two rides a day—intended to be to and from work—and made it cheap, restricting drivers from making a living on the app. Waze’s current pilot charges riders at most 54 cents a mile, far less than most Uber and Lyft rides - and, for now, Google doesn’t take a cut, the WSJ says.  It was first tested last year in Tel Aviv - but is now available across Israel.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Are geese taking over your town? Cities battle 'loud,... Riding the Heart of Gold to the red planet: Elon Musk to... Teddy Ruxpin is back! New version of hit 1980s toy revealed... Self-driving cars let loose in California: Groundbreaking... Is the big one about to hit? Fears rise amid 'quake swarm'... Share this article Share 71 shares Google bought Israel-based Waze, which uses satellitesignals from members' smartphones to offer real-time trafficinformation, for about $1 billion two years ago.  'WazeRider finds you the most convenient, affordable ride to work from fellow commuters already driving with Waze, the world's largest community-based traffic and navigation app,' the app page says. 'Ask for a ride, and we’ll connect you to a fellow commuter on your route who’s willing to help. The firm says the payments will be small, to 'help cover the cost of driving.' 'WazeRider will then suggest a nominal payment to help with the cost of gas & wear and tear.' The firm says the payments will be small, to 'help cover the cost of driving.'  Drivers will be limited to just two journeys a day and willnot be able to earn a salary from RideWith, a source close tothe company said, differentiating it from businesses such asUber, where drivers can turn a profit. The move will put Google in a head on battle with Uber Should RideWith be rolled out globally, this limitationcould help it avoid the backlash Uber is facing in a number ofcountries that want to protect professional taxi drivers. Waze does not expect there to be enough drivers to meetdemand at first, but as more sign on, passengers will be able toorder a ride either to or from work while chipping in a bit forthe cost of gas and wear and tear on the car, the source said. The new application, called RideWith, uses Waze's navigation system to learn the routes drivers most frequently take to work and match them up with people looking for a ride in the same direction. Read more: Google Quietly Expands Ride-Sharing Service - WSJ Share or comment on this article e-mail 71 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Driver's jaw is shattered after parking row at petrol station Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Party-boy surrogate son of celeb jeweler and his accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are... 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the source of mysterious 'alien signals' heading towards... The North Pole is 36 degrees HOTTER than normal as figures reveal Earth is on track for its warmest year on... Boobs or breasts? Translators reveal the challenges of translating the Marquis de Sade’s 120 Days of Sodom Do YOU have bad hair genes? Scientists discover the three mutations that can cause 'uncombable hair... Around the world in virtual reality: Google Earth VR will fly you to ANY destination from the comfort of... Are these the oldest dentures in Europe? Gruesome 14th century device was made from the teeth of dead humans 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who... New super-Earth is discovered nearby: Exoplanet is found orbiting a star 33 light years away - and there... Two Chinese astronauts return from the nation's longest manned space mission yet: Month-long stay could pave... Stunning image shows the moment THC molecules bind to brain receptors to give drug users a high Move over Netflix: Amazon Prime Video may soon be expanding its on-demand streaming to 200 countries Up to nine million customers at risk after Three Mobile data breach: Thieves access data - including... Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the international space station as Nasa cuts live feed Is alien life EVERYWHERE? Radical theory claims it may have become part of 'the fabric of the universe' Life on Earth may have been triggered by an ASTEROID: Impact 6 billion years ago provided the perfect... MORE HEADLINES Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the international space station as Nasa cuts live feed Mayan 'nesting doll' pyramid is found in Mexico: 32ft-tall mystery structure is the SECOND to be uncovered inside the Temple of Kukulcan - and there could be more Mystery around strange 'alien signals' deepens: Bizarre cosmic radio blasts release an unexplained flash of energy Is alien life EVERYWHERE? Radical theory claims it may have become part of 'the fabric of the universe' The North Pole is 36 degrees HOTTER than normal as figures reveal Earth is on track for its warmest year on record Do YOU have bad hair genes? Scientists discover the three mutations that can cause 'uncombable hair syndrome' Welcome to Ben Hur's shopping mall: Scientists uncover launderettes, bars, brothels and betting shops at scene of famous Roman chariot race The almost perfectly spherical star: Astronomers say strange find 5,000 light years from Earth is 'roundest natural object ever measured' EXCLUSIVE: Just in time! Lecturer, 51, claims that Apple Watch saved his life by alerting him to undiagnosed heart condition Can YOU outsmart Google's AI? Interactive drawing game tries to guess what you're doodling in 20 seconds The stunning spherical image that shows a solar eclipse as you've never seen it before The elusive spider that looks just like a LEAF: Arachnid lurks in trees and has remained hidden for years Boobs or breasts? Translators reveal the challenges of translating the Marquis de Sade’s 120 Days of Sodom Earliest-known tablet inscribed with the Ten Commandments is SOLD at auction for £682,000 Is this the world's YOUNGEST mummy? Scans of what was thought to be a 2,300-year-old hawk reveal it to be a miscarried baby MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant In LA 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school He is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank' - but once you leave you lose everything 88 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies After Nissan, JLR says Brexit must be fair for all ING plans reorganisation: Het Financieele Dagblad Business Standard Google rebrands cloud business The company has made good progress courting customers and improving its technology Julia Love  October 1, 2016 Last Updated at 00:06 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIKRl1 Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Google rebrands cloud business, adds more artificial intelligence We cannot use data of business customers for advertising: Google's global product strategist Google zeroes in on cloud offerings Google India showcases cloud-centric enterprise solutions Amazon, lifted by cloud services, reports $857-mn net income Alphabet's Google said on Thursday it renamed its business-to-business cloud computing brand and enhanced some enterprise applications using artificial intelligence, the company's latest gambit to better compete with Amazon.com and Microsoft in the lucrative cloud business. Discussing the rebranded Google Cloud, Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google's enterprise business, said the company has made good progress courting customers and improving its technology. Cloud computing uses remote internet servers to store, manage and process data, and Google offers a range of apps like word processing and email, as well as the ability to host data and offer resources for developers. The new name replaces the Google for Work brand. "We are closing the gap incredibly fast" with competitors, Greene, a former CEO of VMware who joined Google last year to ramp up its cloud business, told experts and journalists at an event. Analysts say Google trails Amazon and Microsoft in market share but is gaining under Greene. Although the business is not big enough to break out separately in its quarterly earnings statement, Google reported a 33 per cent surge in "other revenue" in its most recent quarter, which analysts said was probably due largely to gains in cloud computing. Greene has moved quickly to streamline engineering and appointed new leadership to beef up the company's cloud business. This has helped improve sales, Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said during the company's latest earnings call. Earlier this month, Google acquired cloud software company Apigee in a deal valued at about $625 million. The company on Thursday also announced a partnership with consultant Accenture to develop cloud services for clients in industries such a retail, healthcare and finance. In addition, the company said it had woven more artificial intelligence into its apps to help employees work more efficiently. Using machine learning to crunch troves of data, Google says its apps will prompt users to, say, open files at certain times of day or propose meetings based on their habits. reuters Google recently added a US data center in Oregon in order to speed up service and next year will open more in Virginia, Mumbai, Singapore, Sydney, São Paulo, London, Finland and Frankfurt. Reuters Read More On Google | Cloud Business | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Google rebrands cloud business The company has made good progress courting customers and improving its technology The company has made good progress courting customers and improving its technology Alphabet's Google said on Thursday it renamed its business-to-business cloud computing brand and enhanced some enterprise applications using artificial intelligence, the company's latest gambit to better compete with Amazon.com and Microsoft in the lucrative cloud business. Discussing the rebranded Google Cloud, Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google's enterprise business, said the company has made good progress courting customers and improving its technology. Cloud computing uses remote internet servers to store, manage and process data, and Google offers a range of apps like word processing and email, as well as the ability to host data and offer resources for developers. The new name replaces the Google for Work brand. "We are closing the gap incredibly fast" with competitors, Greene, a former CEO of VMware who joined Google last year to ramp up its cloud business, told experts and journalists at an event. Analysts say Google trails Amazon and Microsoft in market share but is gaining under Greene. Although the business is not big enough to break out separately in its quarterly earnings statement, Google reported a 33 per cent surge in "other revenue" in its most recent quarter, which analysts said was probably due largely to gains in cloud computing. Greene has moved quickly to streamline engineering and appointed new leadership to beef up the company's cloud business. This has helped improve sales, Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said during the company's latest earnings call. Earlier this month, Google acquired cloud software company Apigee in a deal valued at about $625 million. The company on Thursday also announced a partnership with consultant Accenture to develop cloud services for clients in industries such a retail, healthcare and finance. In addition, the company said it had woven more artificial intelligence into its apps to help employees work more efficiently. Using machine learning to crunch troves of data, Google says its apps will prompt users to, say, open files at certain times of day or propose meetings based on their habits. reuters Google recently added a US data center in Oregon in order to speed up service and next year will open more in Virginia, Mumbai, Singapore, Sydney, São Paulo, London, Finland and Frankfurt. Reuters Julia Love Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Google rebrands cloud business The company has made good progress courting customers and improving its technology Alphabet's Google said on Thursday it renamed its business-to-business cloud computing brand and enhanced some enterprise applications using artificial intelligence, the company's latest gambit to better compete with Amazon.com and Microsoft in the lucrative cloud business. Discussing the rebranded Google Cloud, Diane Greene, senior vice president of Google's enterprise business, said the company has made good progress courting customers and improving its technology. Cloud computing uses remote internet servers to store, manage and process data, and Google offers a range of apps like word processing and email, as well as the ability to host data and offer resources for developers. The new name replaces the Google for Work brand. "We are closing the gap incredibly fast" with competitors, Greene, a former CEO of VMware who joined Google last year to ramp up its cloud business, told experts and journalists at an event. Analysts say Google trails Amazon and Microsoft in market share but is gaining under Greene. Although the business is not big enough to break out separately in its quarterly earnings statement, Google reported a 33 per cent surge in "other revenue" in its most recent quarter, which analysts said was probably due largely to gains in cloud computing. Greene has moved quickly to streamline engineering and appointed new leadership to beef up the company's cloud business. This has helped improve sales, Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said during the company's latest earnings call. Earlier this month, Google acquired cloud software company Apigee in a deal valued at about $625 million. The company on Thursday also announced a partnership with consultant Accenture to develop cloud services for clients in industries such a retail, healthcare and finance. In addition, the company said it had woven more artificial intelligence into its apps to help employees work more efficiently. Using machine learning to crunch troves of data, Google says its apps will prompt users to, say, open files at certain times of day or propose meetings based on their habits. reuters Google recently added a US data center in Oregon in order to speed up service and next year will open more in Virginia, Mumbai, Singapore, Sydney, São Paulo, London, Finland and Frankfurt. Reuters Julia Love Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Trending: Video: New MacBook Pro show-and-tell 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. What IT admins love/hate about 8 top network monitoring tools SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet IT users review 6 software test management tools 12 steps to lower your espionage risk More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Cloud Computing Machlis Musings By Sharon Machlis Executive Editor, Online & Data Analytics |Follow About | The focus here is on data: from R tips to desktop tools to taking a hard look at data claims. News Analysis Google Sheets Explore: A work in progress I take Google Sheets' new natural-language queries for a test drive. Computerworld | Sep 30, 2016 12:52 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Google Sheets Explore More like this Free data visualization with Microsoft Power BI: Your step-by-step guide Lessons from high-profile IT failures 60+ R resources to improve your data skills Video How the FCC fast-tracked its journey to the cloud Spreadsheet software that will understand natural-language questions about your data is certainly a cool concept. Microsoft Power BI's cloud service -- its analytics platform, not Excel -- has offered this capability for a while, but having it percolate down to spreadsheets will put it before many more potential users. I've been taking Google Sheets Explore for a test drive this afternoon. First thoughts? It's got a lot of potential, but at the moment I'd caution you not to depend on it to understand exactly what you mean in the same way that, say, Google search can sometimes figure out what you want even if you've misspelled a word. Here's why. One of the sample problems Google uses in its blog post about Explore is "what are the top three items by sales price?" That's a pretty clear question and a fairly simple response: Return the three items with the largest sales price. But what if your spreadsheet has catgories as well, and you want the three priciest items in each category? I tried to find out something similar, using a spreadsheet with a month's worth of commercial airline flights arriving in Boston. When I typed in a question asking for the top three delays by airline, I got the three most-delayed flights altogether (along with which airline was responsible for each). Typing "What were the top three ARR_DELAY grouped by Airline" didn't work. Neither did "What were the top three ARR_DELAY for each Airline?" When I asked "What was the Mean ARR_DELAY by Airline" I received the appropriate response. "Average ARR_DELAY" worked as well. However, "What was the Median ARR_DELAY by Airline" returned the median for all flights. That's curiously inconsistent behavior, especially since Google Sheets pivot tables can calculate medians by group. For those who were hoping Explore would be a simple way to type out natural-language instructions whenever you want a pivot table, the platform isn't quite there, at least yet. Next up: Counts by group. "What is the COUNT of each Airline" gave me just the total number of rows in my spreadsheet. So did "What is the count by Airline" If I typed in "Airline," I got a list of unique Airlines in the data. Was this an impossible request? No, it turns out that "Distribution of Airline" is the correct phrase to get a count grouped by Airline. ("Airline Distribution," however, couldn't be understood.) "Count of [some other column] by Airline" also ended up giving me a count of records for each Airline. I'll be the first to admit that "Distribution of [variable of my choice]" is a lot easier to remember than creating a new pivot table. But if Explore is truly designed to be "natural language" as opposed to a simplified SQL requiring specific syntax, it needs some better understanding. To be fair, Power BI has similar problems understanding my queries, although it sometimes seems to provide a bit more guidance while developing questions. Being a BI tool, it has some other advantages, such as natural-language requests for visualizations -- you can ask it to generate a graph of your results. Google Sheets Explore offers some automated visualizations of your data, and you can easily add those to your spreadsheet with a single click. But as far as I can tell, if a visualization isn't generated in Explore automatically, there isn't a way to ask it to make you one. But back to Explore's natural-language capabilities. One of the best tips for using this new functionality is to look carefully at the Answer text which displays just under your question and above your results. It will tell you how it interpreted your question, such as "Average of DEP_DELAY by Airline" if you asked it "What is the mean of DEP_DELAY by airline?" That's probably the best way to ensure what you've requested is also what Sheets has understood. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Cloud Computing Business Intelligence (BI) Enterprise Applications Google Google G Suite Google Drive Sharon Machlis is Executive Editor, Online & Data Analytics at Computerworld, where she works on data journalism projects and in-house editor tools in addition to writing and editing. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper Add Firm Ground to the Cloud White Paper Gartner Magic Quadrant for Application Security Testing White Paper Is Your IT Infrastructure Roadmap Meeting Your Evolving Business Strategy? Video/Webcast Sponsored The Cyber Security at Your Company is at Risk White Paper The Evolution of the CIO Go Top Stories Research chip modeled after the brain aims to bring smarts to computers The dream of creating intelligent computers has inspired the development of exotic chips based on the... Tech skills earning the highest cash premiums -- no certification required Some employers pay cash premiums to their tech professionals for specific hot skills and... Going back to a small phone is a really big deal Some reflections on size and our most personal handheld gizmos. Last chance to take our IT Salary Survey! Computerworld's 2017 IT Salary Survey is closing soon; take it now and enter to win one of three $500... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
18 Nov 2016 Local World Business Sports Tech titans join to study artificial intelligence Posted on 1 October 2016 - 03:38am MAJOR technology firms have joined forces in a partnership on artificial intelligence, aiming to cooperate on "best practices" on using the technology "to benefit people and society." Microsoft, Amazon, Google, Facebook, IBM, and Google-owned British AI firm DeepMind on Wednesday announced a non-profit organisation called "Partnership on AI" focused on helping the public understand the technology and practices in the field. The move comes amid concerns that new artificial intelligence efforts could spin out of control and end up being detrimental to society. The companies "will conduct research, recommend best practices, and publish research under an open license in areas such as ethics, fairness, and inclusivity; transparency, privacy, and interoperability; collaboration between people and AI systems; and the trustworthiness, reliability, and robustness of the technology," according to a statement. Academics, non-profit groups, and specialists in policy and ethics will be invited to join the board of the Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society (Partnership on AI). Microsoft on Thursday meanwhile took a further step on artificial intelligence, announcing a unit devoted to "democratising" the technology, with more than 5,000 computer scientists and engineers. Microsoft expected its new AI and Research Group to speed up putting human-like thinking into virtual assistants, applications, services and computing infrastructures. "We are focused on empowering both people and organisations, by democratising access to intelligence to help solve our most pressing challenges," Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella said in a release. "To do this, we are infusing AI into everything we deliver across our computing platforms and experiences." The new unit will include scientists from Microsoft Research, Bing and Cortana product groups, and its Ambient Computing and Robotics teams. Late last year, SpaceX founder and Tesla chief executive Elon Musk took part in creating nonprofit research company OpenAI devoted to developing artificial intelligence that will help people and not hurt them. Musk found himself in the middle of a technology world controversy by holding firm that AI could turn on humanity and be its ruin instead of a salvation. Google, Apple, Facebook and Microsoft are among technology giants that have been investing in making machines smarter, contending the goal is to improve lives. "If we create some digital super-intelligence that exceeds us in every way by a lot, it is very important that it be benign," Musk said at a Code Conference in California in June. A danger, he contended, was that highly advanced artificial intelligence would be left to its own devices, or in the hands of a few people, to the detriment of civilisation as a whole. — AFP Share this news: Lifestyle Opinion Property Education Media & Marketing Community Photos Home Contact Us RSS Archive Advertise with Us View desktop version Copyright © 2016 Sun Media Corporation Sdn. Bhd. All rights reserved.
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   On topic: Tech news to know now By Levi Sumagaysay / September 30, 2016 at 10:48 AM Here’s what’s on the Friday menu. Google Cloud, a new unit headed by former VMware CEO Diane Greene, combines Google cloud services and corporate software as the company tries to compete with Amazon and Microsoft. (Reuters) Google’s Indonesian offices raided by authorities after warning on tax-audit refusal. (Bloomberg) Facebook plans major ad campaign to encourage users to use Facebook Live. (WSJ) Marc Andreessen says he’s “free as a bird” since taking a break from Twitter. (Bloomberg) Apple’s big European tax bill: Apple and Ireland are expected to argue that the EU kept them in the dark about a shift in the focus of the investigation. (Bloomberg) Udacity’s self-driving car engineering nanodegree program has received more than 11,000 applications for 250 spots. (Reuters) Can Facebook save endangered languages? It’s not an “ROI” kind of thing, says a company exec, but the social network now has 101 language options and is working on translating more. (CNNMoney) Apple’s next iPhones will be made of glass, says one analyst. (Business Insider) Today is ICANN handover day, when control over the organization that oversees internet domain names is being transferred from the U.S. to an international governing body. But four states have filed a lawsuit to block the transfer. (USA Today, The Hill)   Photo: Former VMware CEO Diane Greene on Sept. 7, 2007.  She joined Google last year and is senior vice president of its enterprise business. (Pauline Lubens/Mercury News) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr     More Posts in GMSV Off topic: Wild turkeys, loneliness, California state parks, toilet museum November 18, 2016   On topic: Tech news to know now November 17, 2016   Social media and the election: Fake-news writer feels bad, pro-Trump bots, more November 17, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames… Too many Asians in Silicon Valley? Trump’s alt-right… George Shultz’s grandson was a Theranos whistleblower, Tech companies and people on pro- and anti-Donald Trump… Shareholders to decide on future of Tesla, SolarCity and…     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
null
Skip to navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to secondary sidebar Skip to footer We Tech-Geeks Welcome TechGeeks!!!! Enjoy unlimited access to tech news and tutorials. Home Technews Tools Reviews Tips and Tricks Windows Tutorials About Twitter Facebook RSS Feed ← Multiple Android Wear smartwatches not pairing with the iPhone 7, Google is aware of the issue Google spoke with companies about building Google Home-like devices → Variety: Google wants OEMs to turn Cast devices into Google Home devices, with major exclusivity caveat Oct 1 Posted by ishubhamsingh A week ago, a Chromecast Preview Firmware changed all references of the companion Google Cast app to Google Home. The reasoning for that change seemed simple at the time: presumably you would control Google Home and your Chromecasts from the same app. But a recent report from Variety sheds light on Google Cast’s role in Google’s smart home ecosystem. It’s no secret that adoption of Google Cast in WiFi speakers has grown exponentially. Read More Variety: Google wants OEMs to turn Cast devices into Google Home devices, with major exclusivity caveat was written by the awesome team at Android Police. from Android Police – Android News, Apps, Games, Phones, Tablets http://ift.tt/2ddeUR7 via Blogger http://ift.tt/2ddxKrg Share this: Twitter Facebook Google Like this: Like Loading... Related About ishubhamsingh Hello TechGeeks!! I am Shubham Singh -a student,a mistakemaker,a learner,a TechGeek like you,who wants to share all that i know about softwares,cracks,keygens and general computer tweaks & tricks with you through this blog. View all posts by ishubhamsingh » Posted on October 1, 2016, in android, Android Police – Android News, apps, Games, Phones, tablets and tagged Android Police - Android News, apps, Blogger android, Games, IFTTT, Phones, tablets. Bookmark the permalink. Leave a comment. ← Multiple Android Wear smartwatches not pairing with the iPhone 7, Google is aware of the issue Google spoke with companies about building Google Home-like devices → Leave a comment Comments 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search for: Recent Comments Popular Posts Archives Tags Categories ishubhamsinghIt is safe inspite of being large... RobertOzonejust received automatic update last night (windows.imersivecontrolpanel_xxxxxx) now when phone power Michael LeungIs it safe? The battery volume is very large donmarkReblogged this on Donmarks.net and commented: whatsapp now lets you search all of your conversation francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. francisprabhuReblogged this on NEW GENERATION MEDIA TECHNOLOGY. samsung galaxy s6 manualIf you feel your Android is a bit sluggish, you might find a new launcher helps speed things up a bi lincolnmohanLooking forward to getting this handset! Gordon GoreReblogged this on mobileconsumernz. Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch coming on Sept. 25 (55) Nokia rolls out Windows Phone 8 Amber update for Lumia smartphones (33) NOW BOOK RAILWAY TICKETS WITH IRCTC’S APPS FOR WINDOWS 8 AND WINDOWS PHONE 8 (6) VTU 3rd sem CSE/IS lab programs!!!! (4) Cell phone buying guide: Things to know when shopping for a cell phone (3) Samsung Announces colorful Galaxy Tab 3 kids for children (3) HP EliteBook Revolve 810 :Review (2) ANDROID 4.4 KITKAT WILL BE RELEASED IN OCTOBER: NESTLE (2) APPLE IOS 7 GUIDE: HOW TO DOWNLOAD AND INSTALL ON YOUR IPHONE, IPAD OR IPOD TOUCH (2) OnePlus 2 will feature a big 3300mAh battery (2) November 2016 (680) October 2016 (1192) September 2016 (948) August 2016 (1273) July 2016 (904) June 2016 (12) May 2016 (13) April 2016 (61) March 2016 (838) February 2016 (276) January 2016 (40) December 2015 (4) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (261) September 2015 (1056) August 2015 (986) July 2015 (849) June 2015 (890) May 2015 (1041) April 2015 (58) July 2014 (1) March 2014 (2) January 2014 (9) November 2013 (8) October 2013 (16) September 2013 (16) August 2013 (29) July 2013 (5) June 2013 (3) android Android Authority Android News Android Police - Android News apple apps Blogger Blogger android Blogger Android Police - Android News Blogger and Updates Blogger devekopment Blogger feature Blogger IFTTT Blogger microsoft Blogger news Blogger reviews Blogger tutorials Blogger WMPoweruser feature Games Google highlights IFTTT MakeUseOf microsoft mobile reviews MSPoweruser news Phones port reviews Rumours samsung tablet reviews tablets TalkAndroid tutorial ubuntu Web Upd8 - Ubuntu / Linux blog Windows Windows 8 windows 8.1 windows 10 windows phone WMPoweruser app (1) Google android device manager (1) anti-theft (1) smartphone security (1) google glass features (1) google glass promo (1) Google glass (1) HP elitebook revolve 810 (1) elitebook revolve reviews (1) elitebook revolve specifications (1) Truecaller (1) truecaller fb app (1) marissa mayer (1) rocketmelt (1) safe identity (1) online security (1) anonymous online (1) htc india (1) htc one dual sim specifications (1) HTC one dual sim (1) samsung galaxy tab 3(8 inch) (1) galaxy tab 3 feature (1) galaxy tab 3 review (1) sony vaio pro 13 (1) sony ultrabooks (1) sony vaio pro 13 reviews (1) sony vaio pro 13 features (1) sony vaio pro 13 price (1) nokia asha 501 reviews (1) nokia asha 501 price (1) nokia asha 501 specifications (1) facebook hashtags (1) hashtags handling (1) smartphone buying guide (1) phone features description (1) cellphone buying guide (1) superspeed usb (1) high speed usb (1) usb 3.1 (1) Google music search service (1) Google india (1) Raring Ringtail (1) 10 Things to do (1) ubuntu 13.04 (1) repacked (1) Stardock Start 8 1.16 Full Reapck (1) Start8 1.16 (1) stardock (1) ccleaner professional edition (1) Ccleaner 4.03.4151 with crack (1) Ccleaner free download (1) ccleaner business edition (1) Freebie (1) All version crack (1) Licence key (1) Free (1) WinX HD video converter 4.0 with licence (1) HD video converter (1) bluestacks (1) android emulator (1) android on pc (1) recover files (1) keygen (1) flash drive virus (1) Virus (1) Shorcut files recover (1) remove virus (1) shortcut virus (1) Malwarebytes (1) windows store (1) upgrade (1) windows bleu (1) preview (1) powershell (1) command-line (1) applist (1) software list (1) default (1) namo phablet reviews (1) smart namo smartphone (1) smart namo phablet (1) narendra modi phablet (1) htc one play edition 4.3 update (1) galaxy s4 android 4.3 update (1) Android 4.3 devices (1) 4.3 update (1) Moto x design (1) Moto x review (1) Moto x price (1) Moto x specifications (1) WideUpdates.Com (1) hindi language support (1) hindi (1) hindi handwriting input (1) translate (1) firefox metro (1) firefox 26 (1) browsers (1) mozilla (1) skype HD video call (1) skype update for ios (1) skype 4.10 (1) lock screen lock screen (1) lock screen (1) enable slideshow (1) Galaxy s4 air gesture (1) android air gesture (1) air gesture control (1) samsung galaxy tab for kids (1) Galaxy tab 3 kids version.tablet for kids (1) HTC sense 5.5 (1) new htc (1) HTC leaks (1) HTC One Max (1) HTC news (1) android 4.3 (1) 8.1 skinpack (1) windows7 (1) windows 8.1 theme (1) ios 7 skinpack (1) ios7 theme (1) s7 (1) acer aspire s7-392 (1) acer aspire s7 (1) Acer (1) aspire (1) acer ultrabook (1) micromax a240 (1) news.reviews (1) micromax canvas doodle 2 review (1) doodle 2 (1) micromax csanvas doodle 2 feature (1) get your imagination bigger (1) doodle 2 teaser (1) canvas doodle2 (1) shahzam 4.0 (1) android apps (1) music apps (1) shahzam encore (1) shahzam update (1) computer science engineering (1) infix (1) cse (1) 3rd sem vtu prog (1) engineering (1) c programs (1) lab programs (1) VTU (1) ise (1) queue prog (1) postfix (1) 3rd sem (1) Microsoft buys nokia (1) 7.2 billion dollars (1) nokia sold (1) android 4.4 features (1) Android next (1) samsung smartwatch (1) galaxy gear features (1) samsung galaxy gear (1) smartwatch (1) android watch (1) galaxy gaer specs (1) iphone 5s 64-bit (1) Apple A7 (1) 64-Bit architecture (1) A7 chip (1) apple 64-bit (1) A7 chip 64-bit (1) dell venue (1) dell (1) dell tablets (1) dell 8.1 tablets (1) windows 8 railway app (1) Railway official app (1) irctc official app (1) IRCTC (1) IRCT windows 8 app (1) Indian railways (1) latest memory card (1) fastest memory card (1) sandisk (1) Sandisk Extreme Pro Cfast 2.0 (1) 450mb/s (1) 120GB memory card (1) SanDisk Cfast 2.0 (1) HP.hewlett-packard (1) leap motion (1) air gesture control pc (1) android launch (1) apple ios 7 guide (1) iphone upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade (1) ios 7 upgrade guide (1) narendra modi game (1) modi run game (1) play store (1) narendra modi (1) new generation sidebar (1) modern sidebar (1) modern ui(metro) sidebar (1) metrosidebar (1) windows 8.1 pre-orders (1) logitech gamepad for iphone (1) gamepad for iPhone (1) Logitech (1) game controller support in iOS 7 (1) SquareEnix (1) Google Play vending machines (1) tokyo (1) japan (1) Android game vending machines (1) GungHo (1) Bittorrent chat (1) server less message client (1) bittorrent (1) bittorrent secure messaging app (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 price in India (1) Celkon Mobiles (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 (1) Celkon (1) AR Rehman (1) Celkon RahmanIshq AR45 specifications (1) surface 2 first look (1) surface 2 intro (1) surface 2 first impression (1) surface pro 2 (1) surface pro 2 specs (1) microsoft surface pro 2 (1) windows 8.1 tablet (1) surface pro 2 hands on (1) surface pro 2 price (1) Import photos to Dropbox (1) Dropbox for Mac (1) dropbox (1) iPhoto (1) Dropobox update (1) Dropbox adds screenshot uploader (1) galaxy round (1) curved display (1) samsung galaxy round (1) announced (1) yahoo mail 1TB storage (1) new yahoo mail UI (1) yahoo mail updated (1) mail (1) android land (1) noida (1) bangalore (1) spice (1) kormangala (1) android land india (1) samsung galaxy j launch (1) galaxy (1) samsung galaxy j (1) official launch (1) ntt docomo (1) google maps multiple destination (1) google maps upcoming events (1) google maps updated (1) Google maps beta (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx price (1) Datawind (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 (1) Datawind UbiSlate 3G7 price (1) Datawind UbiSlate 9Ci (1) Datawind UbiSlate 7Cx (1) ubuntu release (1) linux (1) ubuntu 13.10 final (1) 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 (1) ubuntu 13.10 download (1) windows 8.1 upgrade (1) flipboard (1) Flipboard for windows (1) store (1) magazine app (1) ussd (1) ADR (1) Facebook India (1) politician's background (1) politics (1) Know Your Neta (1) Facebook USSD (1) gaming console (1) sell (1) ps4 (1) xbox one (1) xbox (1) nullsoft (1) media player (1) aol (1) winamp shutdown (1) rip winamp (1) winamp (1) windowsphone app (1) windowsphone (1) telegram for windows (1) telegram (1) telegram IM (1) IM app (1) mobile phones (1) evleaks (1) custom android UI (1) nokia's android (1) leak (1) 1520v (1) mwc 2014 (1) lumia 1525 (1) lumia 1820 (1) lumia (1) upcoming lumia smartphones (1) wp group (1) micromax russia (1) micromax (1) eddy (1) eddy tablet for kids (1) metis eddy tablet.kids tablet (1) display size (1) iphone 6 (1) report (1) vaio flipvaio india (1) sony (1) sony vaio flip hybrid (1) moto g india launch (1) announcement (1) motorola (1) moto g (1) moto g specs (1) moto g features (1) xolo Q7005 Launched (1) Xolo Q7005 Specs (1) xolo Q7005 (1) xolo (1) xolo Q7005 features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i features (1) Karbonn titanium S5i (1) Karbonn titanium S5i specs (1) karbonn (1) Karbonn titanium S5i price (1) windows phone 8.1 beta sdk (1) windows phone 8.1 features (1) windows phone 8.1 (1) Nokia x (1) nokia x rooted (1) nokia x gapps (1) lollipop (1) oneplusone (1) release (1) oxygen os (1) oneplus (1) cyanogenmod 12 (1) technical preview (1) leaks (1) appgap (1) phone2pc (1) universal apps (1) spotlight (1) astoria (1) micflip (1) reversible micro-usb (1) reversible usb (1) usb c-type (1) codec (1) guide (1) hevc (1) howto (1) video codec (1) yahoo (2) online privacy (2) samsung tablets (2) facebook (2) full (2) 8 (2) System (2) windows8.1 (2) skinpack (2) android 4.4 KitKat (2) android 4.4 (2) android kitkat (2) iphone 5s (2) Iphone (2) windows 8.1 tablets (2) windows phone 8 (2) ios 7 (2) windows 8.1 release (2) windows 8.1 final (2) surface 2 (2) Nokia (2) nokia normandy (2) rumour (2) microsoft edge (2) project spartan (2) continuum (2) Uncategorized (3) tips and tricks (3) tablet reviews (3) Utilities (3) Windows 7 (3) Google (3) samsung (3) apple (3) normandy (3) highlights (3) devekopment (3) pc and laptop reviews (4) Windows 8 (4) windows8 (4) mobile reviews (5) tutorials (5) ubuntu (5) port (5) MakeUseOf (6) tutorial (7) tools (8) windows 8.1 (9) feature (9) Windows (13) reviews (14) windows 10 (14) MSPoweruser (40) news (62) Web Upd8 – Ubuntu / Linux blog (186) IFTTT (193) TalkAndroid (729) Android Police – Android News (1,460) WMPoweruser (1,688) windows phone (1,715) microsoft (1,736) and Updates (1,965) Android News (1,965) Rumours (1,965) Android Police – Android News (2,129) Android Authority (3,171) Games (3,589) Phones (3,589) apps (3,590) tablets (3,592) android (9,456) Recent Posts Samsung has experienced the worst year-on-year market share and sales drop in its history November 18, 2016 Samsung rolls out second Android 7.0 Nougat build in Europe November 18, 2016 Amazon introduces early Black Friday Alexa-exclusive deals November 18, 2016 CyanogenMod 14.1 now available on OnePlus One, OnePlus 2, Nexus 6 and more November 18, 2016 BLU’s $50 R1 HD gets updated to support T-Mobile Band 12 and VoLTE November 18, 2016 Like us on FB Like us on FB Blog Stats 74,393 hits Follow We Tech-Geeks on WordPress.com Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.com Blog at WordPress.com. %d bloggers like this:
null
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Get Your Streaming Video to Stop Buffering So Darn Much How to Send Articles to Your Kindle for Later Reading with Tinderizer, Instapaper, or Pocket How to Contact Customer Support and Actually Get a Human Why You Shouldn’t Download DLL Files from the Internet Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek How to Fix Kodi’s YouTube “Quota Exceeded” Problem Are you sick of Kodi’s YouTube plugin constantly crashing, and giving you cryptic error messages like “Exception in ContentProvider” and “Quota Exceeded”? Here’s how to fix that problem with just a few minutes of work. We’ve shown you how to watch live TV on Kodi, but to be honest I don’t do that very often. YouTube is better than television, and Kodi puts YouTube right on my TV. The remote-driven interface makes it easy to browse my subscriptions, and to check out any channel’s complete archives and playlists. Binging YouTube channels is bliss. But lately, YouTube on Kodi is buggy, with error messages popping up when I try to do basic things. The problem, it seems, is related to the API keys used by add-on developers. Google (which owns YouTube) caps API usage, and Kodi’s rapidly growing user base means the YouTube plugin hits that cap every day, typically long before I start watching videos in the evening on the west coast. I was able to write these instructions thanks to steps outlined on the official Kodi forum, by forum member jmh2002. That outline is great, and I’m thankful for it, but I thought users might like easy-to-follow instructions with screenshots. Hopefully Google and the Kodi team can work out a long-term solution. In the meantime, however, you can fix YouTube yourself, by creating your own API keys. Here’s how. Step One: Set up a Project In Google Cloud Console First, head to Google Cloud Platform. Once there click “Project”, then “Create project.” Name your project whatever you like; I went with “YouTube-Kodi”. While you’re doing this, feel free to ignore any calls to pay for Google’s service. That’s for serious developers, and you’re just some person trying to get YouTube to work. Step Two: Enable YouTube Data API Next, head to the Libraries section on Google Cloud Console. Click “YouTube Data API”. On the next page, click “Enable.” There is a chance you’ll be told to create a project first, even though you just created one. If that happens, you’re going too fast, apparently. Wait a few minutes and try again, you speed demon you. You may also need to click “Create Project” and select your new YouTube-Kodi project from the list. Step Three: Create an API Key Next, head to the credentials page. Click “Create Credentials”, then “API Key”. A window will pop up with your shiny new API key, a 39-character string of numbers and letters. Copy the entire key, and save it in a document on your computer. Label it “API Key” for your own reference. Step Four: Create Some More Credentials Staying on the Credentials page, click “Create Credentials” followed by “OAuth client ID”. On the next page, click “Other”, then choose whatever name you’d like. (I went with “Kodi”.) Click “Create” and you’ll be given two new keys: a “client ID”, a 45-character string of numbers and letters followed by “apps.googleusercontent.com”. Copy this to your reference document, removing “apps.googleusercontent.com” and labeling the key “Client ID” for reference. You’ll also get a “Client Secret”, which is a 24-character string of letters and numbers. Copy this to you document, labeling it “Client Secret” for reference. Step Five: Paste Your Keys Into YouTube Now we’re ready to fire up Kodi and finally fix this thing. If you haven’t already, sign into your YouTube account inside the Kodi YouTube plugin. You’ll be asked to head to youtube.com/activate and enter an 8-digit code. You can do this on any device, not just the device Kodi is running on. Do this twice, as instructed. Next, pull up the sub-menu for the YouTube plugin. You can do this by selecting the plugin, then pressing the letter C on your keyboard. Open “Add-on settings”, then head to the “API Key” tab. Ensure “Enable Personal API Keys” is turned on, then paste the keys you gathered earlier in the appropriate places. (My keys are blurred out in the image above so you don’t steal them. Get your own keys, guys.) A Few Features Are Still Broken After setting up my own API keys, YouTube basically works for me again. Browsing my subscriptions and popular videos is fast, as is browsing YouTube channels. Error messages are a thing of the past. Having said that, two features still don’t work for me: my Watch Later List, and my History. These features have problems outside the API, and hopefully will be patched in future releases of the add-on. Beyond that, I couldn’t be happier. I have YouTube back in Kodi, and all is right with the world. I hope this tutorial helps you too. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (1 REPLY) Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Justin Pot is a technology writer and enthusiast who lives in Portland, Oregon. Follow him on Twitter and Facebook, if you want. You don't have to. Published 09/30/16 DID YOU KNOW? Between 1949 and early 1952 The White House was completely renovated from the inside out; the entire internal structure was removed and for a period of time the building was simply a shell supported by steel beams. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Use the Windows Device Manager for Troubleshooting When Will 3D Printers Be Worth Buying For Home Use? How to Check for Dangerous, Superfish-Like Certificates on Your Windows PC What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow Mac How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs How to Troubleshoot Issues With PC Games How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without a Fax Machine or Phone Line Uninstall or Disable Plugins to Make Your Browser More Secure Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2016 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved Get exclusive articles before everybody else. Get downloadable ebooks for free! Get geeky trivia, fun facts, and much more. Enter Your Email Here to Get Access for Free: Go check your email!
more_vert androidAndroid App facebookFacebook gplusGoogle + twitterTwitter youtubeYouTube rssRSS Feed search close android facebook gplus twitter youtube rss whatshotNews starsReviews phone_androidPhones tabletTablets appsApps gamesGames network_cellCarriers forumForums attach_moneyDeals Download the App Our Team Tip Us Top 5 Android Apps & Games of the Week (September 30, 2016) Joe Fedewa Sep 30th, 2016 +13,352 Every week, hundreds of Android apps and games are submitted to the Play Store. If you’re not paying attention 24/7, it’s easy to miss some of the best stuff. Each week we will highlight five of the best new or overlooked apps and games. You’re sure to find some hidden gems in these recommendations. Go forth and download! 1. Revolution Icons There’s been a lot of talk lately about Google mandating round icons for Android. We don’t know for sure how that will end up, but if you want to try the circular look, Revolution is an excellent icon pack. Over 1,500 icons have been recreated with the circle theme in mind. Apps that don’t have custom icons are automatically converted to circles. The icon pack is free and has no ads or permissions. DOWNLOAD: Revolution Icon Pack – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: No Rating: 4.1/5 Installs: 10,000 – 50,000 2. News Pro News Pro is a unique news reader from the Microsoft Garage team. The app delivers a customized selection of news stories based on the networks you choose to use. If you tweet a lot about football you’ll find stories about the NFL. You can tap on a topic to see more stories and customize the news by tapping “see more” or “see less like this.” If there’s a specific website you don’t like you can prevent it from showing up in the app. DOWNLOAD: News Pro – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: No Rating: 3.6/5 Installs: 100 – 500 3. Candid Candid is a place for discussing your favorite things candidly. Everything is anonymous, which means you can say what you really want to say without anyone knowing your identity. You can see posts from people in your neighborhood or dive into broader topics to have conversations with people from around the world. Anonymous communities can get toxic, but moderators keep the conversations civil. You might be surprised what you find. DOWNLOAD: Candid – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: No Rating: 3.7/5 Installs: 100,000 – 500,000 4. Orbt Orbt is a game all about orbiting planets. All you have to do is touch the screen to stop your planet from being sucked into a black hole. Every time you touch the screen the orbit pulls away from the black hole. As you’re orbiting there will be all sorts of things being sucked in around you. Avoid those obstacles and the black hole as long as possible. The closer you are to the black hole the more points you can earn. DOWNLOAD: Orbt – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: 4.7/5 Installs: 1,000 – 5,000 5. Roofbot In Roofbot you are in control of a hovering robot on rooftops. To play the game you simply swipe in the direction you want to move. You can only move one space at a time, and the space you were previously on drops away when you move. To finish a level you must pick up and drop shapes in the correct spots and get to the end. The path you take is very important because you can’t go over the same space twice. DOWNLOAD:Roofbot – Google Play Price: Free In-app Purchases: Yes Rating: 4.6/5 Installs: 10,000 – 50,000 More Best Apps & Games Our Download This series includes the best apps and games you should be downloading. We also have more lists for the best apps and games on Android. Check them out below! 100 Best Android Apps Best Android Apps for learning languages Best Android apps for college students Best Android Games for Killing Time Most Addictive Android Games of 2016 Reader-voted best apps local_offer    Android Games  Best Android Apps  Download This   Auto-load comments: Off On View comments (3) stars Further Reading Top 5 Apps/Games - 10/28 Best Apps/Games 10/14/16 Top 5 Apps/Games (Oct 7) Top 5 Apps/Games Sept 23 Best apps/games of the week videocam Top Trending Videoslaunch 1 play_circle_outline more_vertOnePlus 3T charging proves solid closeOnePlus 3T vs Pixel XL Charge Test: who can get to the finish line first? With the OnePlus 3T, OnePlus thought it was a good time to remind people just how good their Dash Charge technology is. That’s why they took one of the current kings of battery life — the Pixel XL — and put their own OnePlus 3T head-to-head against it. 2 play_circle_outline more_vertNokia's smartwatch prototype surfaces closeHere’s a look at the Nokia smartwatch that could have been Don’t look now, but Nokia had plans to make a smartwatch at one point in time. Those plans have apparently been shelved, but someone was able to snag a prototype to show off to the world. 3 play_circle_outline more_vertHuawei Mate 9 Porsche Design first look closeHuawei Mate 9 Porsche Design, Mate 9 Pro first look [VIDEO] If the Huawei Mate 9 is too bland for your sophisticated taste is smartphones, the Mate 9 Porsche Design could be the phone you’re been waiting for. 4 play_circle_outline more_vertMobile Roar 156 LIVE closeWatch the Mobile Roar Podcast LIVE at 2PM Eastern! Do you have more phones and tablets than any one person should? Do you enjoy a good laugh? We’ve got the perfect show for you! 5 play_circle_outline more_vertMobile Roar 156: SPectacle closeMobile Roar 156: Daydream View review, LeEco Le Pro 3 impressions, and Snapchat Spectacles After taking the last couple of weeks off, we have finally returned with another episode! A lot has happened in the past few weeks. Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Phandroid.com, 2007-2016
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Review: Google’s Daydream View is casual VR done better w/ a game-changing controller Trending in Google Corporate Google Home Review: A solid start, but not yet as capable as its Echo archenemy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Feature Request: Four ways that Google Pixel’s fingerprint sensor could be much more useful Trending in Google Corporate LG V20 Review: For spec-hungry Android enthusiasts, it’s the best Android phablet you can buy [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: Lenovo’s YOGA Book is a futuristic take on a 2-in-1 tablet, and it’s pretty fantastic [Video] Trending in Google Corporate Review: The Xiaomi Mi Box hits the 4K/$69 sweet spot for Android TV September 30 GOOG: 777.29 2.28 Your Google Calendar events will now appear on Google Maps Justin Duino - 2 months ago @jaduino Android Google Google Maps Google Calendar View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Google has announced that you will now be able to view your upcoming Google Calendar events in Google Maps. This can be a helpful tool because now, instead of opening up a calendar event and then copying the address into Maps, you can just pull up a list of upcoming events without leaving the Google Maps app iself… Once you have received the latest version of Google Maps — which is currently rolling out worldwide to Android users — open up the sidebar and tap on “Your places.” Here you will find a list saved addresses, saved locations, and now a new tab called “Upcoming.” Here you will see all of your upcoming events from Google Calendar as well as any reservations or bookings from Gmail. To make sure that your events will appear on Google Maps you first have to make sure an address has been added to the “where” section of a calendar event. As long as Google sees that the event has an address and you’re using the same Google account for Calendar and Maps, you should have a list of everything that is upcoming. In addition to these changes, you can now add custom labels to specific addresses so that you can navigate to them more easily. Simply type in the address, click on the label button, and add a custom name to the location. The next time you plan to take a trip to that address, all you need to do is either start typing in the name of the place or use a voice command to set up directions. Lastly, you’ll now be able to see all of your Google contacts addresses from within Google Maps and have full control over what personal content you want to see on your maps. Simply go to the Settings menu from the slide out menu and toggle on or off whatever content you want or don’t want to show. Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide Google View THe Guide Google Maps View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.

null
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Google Cloud Platform to launch Brazil region The new site will cater for growing cloud computing demand from local businesses. By Angelica Mari for Brazil Tech | September 30, 2016 -- 19:09 GMT (12:09 PDT) | Topic: Google Google has announced plans to launch its cloud platform in Brazil to cater for growing service demand from local organisations. Brazil will be the first Latin American country to be part of the Google Cloud Network and becomes the eighth region of the portfolio in addition to Northern Virginia in the US, Singapore, Germany, Australia, India, Finland and the UK. The Industry Cloud: Why It's Next Read More The Brazil-based infrastructure will be available from 2017 and will serve businesses that require local data hosting. The location will remain undisclosed for security reasons and services will be charged in US dollars. Google's global infrastructure expansion is part of an overall refocusing of its cloud strategy and plans to become predominantly a cloud services provider by 2020. The firm is eager to catch up with other providers such as Microsoft and Amazon Web Services, who have been making investments to accommodate cloud demand from Brazilian businesses. According to IDC, the Brazilian cloud services market should see yearly growth of 20 percent by 2020. The segment - which was largely spared by the recession as local users sought to boost efficiency while reducing cost - should also see a jump in market revenues from $328.8m in 2013 to $1.1bn by 2017, according to Frost & Sullivan. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Artificial Intelligence Google's DeepMind AI: Now it taps into dreams to learn even faster Security ​Google's request for map of Korea denied Mobility Google, LinkedIn, Facebook suggest a focus on mobile before looking into AI Artificial Intelligence Google Translate: 'This landmark update is our biggest single leap in 10 years' × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Google Rebrands Enterprise Platform As Google Cloud, Business Apps As G Suite Google Rebrands Enterprise Platform As Google Cloud, Business Apps As G Suite Friday, 30 September 2016 Google rebranded Thursday its business-to-business cloud computing brand as Google Cloud and also enhanced some enterprise applications with new intelligent capabilities. Google Cloud brand includes Google's all cloud services, including the Google Cloud Platform, enterprise mobility, and Chromebooks. Google Apps for Work has been named as G Suite. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Vodafone India ties up with Google Cloud to bring G Suite to Indian enterprisesVodafone Business Services (VBS), the enterprise arm of Vodafone India, has announced it has tied up with Google Cloud to offer G Suite to bring people together... BGR India 1 day ago - Technology Mach7 Technologies Showcases Interoperability, Collaboration and Their Ascent to the Cloud at RSNA16BURLINGTON, Vt.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--#RSNA--Mach7 previews new release of Enterprise Imaging Platform, complete Cloud-based deployments through partnership with... Business Wire 1 day ago - Press Releases The Google Assistant Developer Platform will be ready in DecemberGoogle’s major push into home automation and artificial intelligence has been sort-of realized with the Google Assistant. It lives inside of the Pixel and... PC World 1 week ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Business Wire Google just made a very smart hire in its quest to topple Amazon in the cloud (GOOG, GOOGL)Google has hired Sam Ramji, the CEO of the Cloud Foundry Foundation, to serve as a senior executive under Google Cloud boss Diane Greene, Business Insider has... Business Insider 19 hours ago - TechnologyAlso reported by •Business Wire •The Verge AI beating humans? Not in my lifetime, says Google's cloud chiefThe head of Google's cloud business says she doesn't expect machine intelligence to exceed that of humans during her lifetime, despite recent rapid progress that... PC World 2 days ago - Technology Nutanix Announces AHV Certification for SAP® Business Suite powered by SAP NetWeaver®SAN JOSE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nutanix, (NASDAQ: NTNX), the next-generation enterprise cloud platform company, today announced that it has achieved SAP... Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases Nutanix Unveils Powerful One-Click Networks to Broaden Enterprise Cloud PlatformVIENNA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Nutanix (NASDAQ:NTNX), a leader in enterprise cloud computing, announced today at its inaugural .NEXT Europe Conference that it will... Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases Office 365 and G Suite now in 59 percent of organizations worldwideCloud adoption has hit an all time high in 2016, largely driven by productivity packages like Microsoft Office 365 and Google's G Suite, according to a new... betanews 3 days ago - Technology You Might Like Other recent news in Business VOLKSWAGEN plans 23,000 job cuts in Germany Tesla shareholders approve $2.6bn SOLARCITY takeover THREE MOBILE: Arrests made over data breach South Korea nixes GOOGLE mapping plans AIRBNB offers travel services in push to diversify Ford tells Trump no Lincoln SUV production going to MEXICO GERMANY's Producer Prices Drop At Slower Pace In October Attorney: Adoptee Deported to SOUTH KOREA, a Country He Never Knew Trump selects Sessions for ATTORNEY GENERAL BUCKINGHAM PALACE set for $458 million refurb Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Jared Kushner Barack Obama Roddy Piper Angela Merkel Current Topics Attorney General Volkswagen Security Adviser National Security Taliban Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories DOCTOR WHO: Is Season 10 The Last For Peter Capaldi? Who Will Run For President In 2020 - And Why Are So Many Looking To Hollywood? Blackberry's Last Encore.. And It's Got a Keyboard Further BREXIT Delays? Why The UK's EU Departure May Now Be Coming Even Later MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Google to set up data centre in India by 2017 India's public cloud services market is projected to grow 30.4 per cent to reach $1.26 billion in 2016 Google will set up its first India data centre in Mumbai by 2017, hoping to take on global incumbents such as Microsoft and Amazon, who have a presence in the country, and allow local customers to host their applications on the internet. Google controls a majority market share in India in search, email and on smartphones through is Android operating system. It also has a significant presence in offering enterprise applications such as mail and other services, but lags behind Microsoft and Amazon in its cloud business. Amazon has three data centres, one each in Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai, with over 75,000 customers, including taxi hailing app Ola, Tata Motors and television network NDTV, on its cloud. Last year, Microsoft set up three data centres in India offering its Azure cloud to local customers. ALSO READ: Google rebrands cloud business, adds more artificial intelligence Google, which already hosts applications of its Indian customers such as Wipro, Ashok Leyland, Smartshift by Mahindra & Mahindra, Dainik Bhaskar Group and INshorts.com on its global cloud platform, expects a India presence to service local customers faster. Google calls it data centre Cloud Region. "By expanding to new regions, we deliver higher performance to customers. In fact, our recent expansion in Oregon resulted in up to 80 per cent improvement in latency for customers," said Brian Stevens, vice-president, Google Cloud, in a statement. Google Cloud Platform takes the infrastructure, machine learning and networking services used to power Google services and makes them available to businesses and developers to build high performance applications and data analysis at a low cost. As India's start-up community continues to grow, Cloud Platform provides the full stack of services to build, test and deploy their applications, the firm said. In addition to its focus on Indian customers, Google is continuing to build its partner ecosystem to support customers as they move to the cloud. In India, Google already has deep partnerships with a multitude of born-in-the-cloud partners including Searce Co-Sourcing, Cloud Cover, PowerUp Cloud and MediaAgility as well as global partners like Wipro, TCS, Tech Mahindra, PwC and Cognizant. The opening of the Cloud Region opens up newer opportunities for several new cloud partners who will benefit from building their services on Google Cloud, the firm said. Moulishree Srivastava Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Govt to ask RIL to pay for migrated ONGC gas D Mart to add 60% more store space Business Standard Google to set up data centre in India by 2017 India's public cloud services market is projected to grow 30.4 per cent to reach $1.26 billion in 2016 Moulishree Srivastava  |  Mumbai  October 1, 2016 Last Updated at 00:47 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2THlZbU Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Google zeroes in on cloud offerings We cannot use data of business customers for advertising: Google's global product strategist FB chatbot is the start of AI in social network Cloud services high on Microsoft India priority list Google will set up its first India data centre in Mumbai by 2017, hoping to take on global incumbents such as Microsoft and Amazon, who have a presence in the country, and allow local customers to host their applications on the internet. Google controls a majority market share in India in search, email and on smartphones through is Android operating system. It also has a significant presence in offering enterprise applications such as mail and other services, but lags behind Microsoft and Amazon in its cloud business. Amazon has three data centres, one each in Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai, with over 75,000 customers, including taxi hailing app Ola, Tata Motors and television network NDTV, on its cloud. Last year, Microsoft set up three data centres in India offering its Azure cloud to local customers. ALSO READ: Google rebrands cloud business, adds more artificial intelligence Google, which already hosts applications of its Indian customers such as Wipro, Ashok Leyland, Smartshift by Mahindra & Mahindra, Dainik Bhaskar Group and INshorts.com on its global cloud platform, expects a India presence to service local customers faster. Google calls it data centre Cloud Region. "By expanding to new regions, we deliver higher performance to customers. In fact, our recent expansion in Oregon resulted in up to 80 per cent improvement in latency for customers," said Brian Stevens, vice-president, Google Cloud, in a statement. Google Cloud Platform takes the infrastructure, machine learning and networking services used to power Google services and makes them available to businesses and developers to build high performance applications and data analysis at a low cost. As India's start-up community continues to grow, Cloud Platform provides the full stack of services to build, test and deploy their applications, the firm said. In addition to its focus on Indian customers, Google is continuing to build its partner ecosystem to support customers as they move to the cloud. In India, Google already has deep partnerships with a multitude of born-in-the-cloud partners including Searce Co-Sourcing, Cloud Cover, PowerUp Cloud and MediaAgility as well as global partners like Wipro, TCS, Tech Mahindra, PwC and Cognizant. The opening of the Cloud Region opens up newer opportunities for several new cloud partners who will benefit from building their services on Google Cloud, the firm said. Read More On Google | Google Cloud | Amazon | Microsoft | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Get advantage of both worlds with mutual funds MIT Sloan Executive Program in General Management Invest in mutual funds through SIP for your financial health Should You Rely Only on Your Corporate Health Insurance? Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 5 Investors, 50 Entrepreneurs, Instant funding Home loans: Think beyond interest rates Choose a mutual fund that strives for growth! MIT Sloan EPGM: Get Alumni benefits, Apply Now PPFAS MF: Managing money using Value Investing principles! Google to set up data centre in India by 2017 India's public cloud services market is projected to grow 30.4 per cent to reach $1.26 billion in 2016 India's public cloud services market is projected to grow 30.4 per cent to reach $1.26 billion in 2016 Google will set up its first India data centre in Mumbai by 2017, hoping to take on global incumbents such as Microsoft and Amazon, who have a presence in the country, and allow local customers to host their applications on the internet. Google controls a majority market share in India in search, email and on smartphones through is Android operating system. It also has a significant presence in offering enterprise applications such as mail and other services, but lags behind Microsoft and Amazon in its cloud business. Amazon has three data centres, one each in Mumbai, Delhi and Chennai, with over 75,000 customers, including taxi hailing app Ola, Tata Motors and television network NDTV, on its cloud. Last year, Microsoft set up three data centres in India offering its Azure cloud to local customers. ALSO READ: Google rebrands cloud business, adds more artificial intelligence Google, which already hosts applications of its Indian customers such as Wipro, Ashok Leyland, Smartshift by Mahindra & Mahindra, Dainik Bhaskar Group and INshorts.com on its global cloud platform, expects a India presence to service local customers faster. Google calls it data centre Cloud Region. "By expanding to new regions, we deliver higher performance to customers. In fact, our recent expansion in Oregon resulted in up to 80 per cent improvement in latency for customers," said Brian Stevens, vice-president, Google Cloud, in a statement. Google Cloud Platform takes the infrastructure, machine learning and networking services used to power Google services and makes them available to businesses and developers to build high performance applications and data analysis at a low cost. As India's start-up community continues to grow, Cloud Platform provides the full stack of services to build, test and deploy their applications, the firm said. In addition to its focus on Indian customers, Google is continuing to build its partner ecosystem to support customers as they move to the cloud. In India, Google already has deep partnerships with a multitude of born-in-the-cloud partners including Searce Co-Sourcing, Cloud Cover, PowerUp Cloud and MediaAgility as well as global partners like Wipro, TCS, Tech Mahindra, PwC and Cognizant. The opening of the Cloud Region opens up newer opportunities for several new cloud partners who will benefit from building their services on Google Cloud, the firm said. Moulishree Srivastava Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Technology Google Technology Google Translate now 'as good as a human' - could it save you on holiday? The search giant is using artificial intelligence in its smartphone app to make it even more accurate  Share  Comments ByJeff Parsons 19:20, 30 SEP 2016 Updated19:22, 30 SEP 2016 Technology (Photo: Getty Images)  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Things are très bien (or, if you prefer, muy impresionante) at Google these days. The company is just about to release a cutting-edge new smartphone and has also made big improvements to its translation app. Like just about everything else in tech at the moment, it's using artificial intelligence (AI) to improve the Google Translate app. In fact, Google reckons it's now about as good as a human translator. Read More Google Trips wants to help you plan your holiday and be your personal tour guide abroad It's using a new algorithm called the Google Machine Neural Translation, which it says cuts down errors by 80% compared to previous versions. Google Translate can also capture pictures and translate them (Photo: Google) Instead of breaking a sentence down into individual words, it reads it as a whole and checks the context against a gigantic digital dictionary stored in its memory banks. Read More Google set to launch giant internet-beaming space balloons over Indonesia That means it can often figure out new ways of arriving at a correct translation and doesn't have to be told to follow certain rules. “You don’t have to make design choices,” Mike Schuster, a Google Translate engineer told Quartz . “The system can entirely focus on translation.” Read More Google Maps finally introduces offline navigation - but not everyone will get to enjoy it Suchandrika Chakrabarti using Google as her guide in Rome. Pictured - Google Translate (Photo: Daily Mirror) At the moment, the new system is only being used to translate from English to Mandarin and vice-versa. But the search giant says it'll be rolled out to other languages in due course. The Google Translate app is available for free on both iOS and Android. Because you're able to download language dictionaries to your phone, you don't have to have an internet connection to use it. Helpful if you're trying to avoid costly foreign roaming charges. poll loading Can you speak a foreign language? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @MirrorTech Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Google Apps Mobile phones Smartphones tech all Most Read Most Recent NintendoNintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Nintendo is going back to the glory days with this brand new version of the classic NES console - here's everything you need to know about it TechnologyNintendo Switch UK price LEAKED - and Mario's next console looks surprisingly affordable High street retailer GAME is reported to be setting the next generation console's price at a wallet-friendly price iPhone rumoursiPhone 8: Release date, price, rumours and news about Apple's 2017 iPhone Apple has only just launched its iPhone 7, but many eyes are already turning to next year's model, the iPhone 8, which is expected to be Apple's biggest launch in years TechnologyThis simple trick will let you screenshot a Snapchat message without notifying the sender If you want to screenshot a Snapchat message without the sender knowing, all you need is this simple trick Virtual realityGoogle Earth VR lets you go anywhere on the planet without leaving the house The search giant has released a virtual reality version of Google Earth with guided tours of famous landmarks ThreeThree Mobile suffers cyber attack 'leaving personal data of SIX MILLION customers at risk' Crooks accessed phone giant's upgrade system to order hundreds of high-value handsets using an employee login Virtual realityGoogle Earth VR lets you go anywhere on the planet without leaving the house The search giant has released a virtual reality version of Google Earth with guided tours of famous landmarks MarsMars space suit concept revealed as scientists discover potential hotbed of alien life on Red Planet A new concept has been unveiled for a space suit able to withstand the harsh conditions on Mars CarsRevolutionary new WATERLESS car wash cleans and waxes - even when there's a hosepipe ban The amazing system saves around 480 litres of water per wash and does away with pressure washers NintendoNintendo Mini NES Classic Edition: Release date, price, games and how to pre-order Mario's nostalgic new console Nintendo is going back to the glory days with this brand new version of the classic NES console - here's everything you need to know about it Most Read Most Recent TeenagersTragic British girl, 14, to be cryogenically frozen so she might live again after historic court victory The youngster knew she only had weeks to live when she wrote a heartbreaking letter to a judge asking to be frozen until a cure could be found ChocolateStill angry about Toblerone? Wait until you hear what's happened to Maltesers... It really is the lighter way to enjoy chocolate! TV NewsI'm a Celeb's Scarlett Moffatt is battling facial paralysis in the jungle as she's ruled out of Bushtucker Trial The Gogglebox favourite, 25, was diagnosed with Bell’s palsy after being knocked over by a car when she was 11 Dr PhilFather who forced daughter, 11, to have sex with him for money: 'I never felt guilt' He was sentenced to prison for 20 years and felt it was “harsh” Shopping & DealsWhen is Black Friday 2016? Deals predictions, stores to watch and online shopping tips ahead of the huge November blow out If you're counting down to the retail bonanza, here's our guide to get you prepared I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of HereI'm A Celebrity stars to battle it out in 'Hunger Games-style' live trial that WILL divide the camp The campmates will be hoping that the odds are in their favour January transfer windowTransfer news LIVE: Arsenal, Man United, Liverpool and Chelsea latest as the January window approaches Join us throughout the day as we bring you all the latest news and rumours ahead of the January transfer window Cliff RichardCliff Richard lifts his glass in celebration after traumatising sex abuse claims shattered his life The iconic star is on the road to recovery after several over two years of hell Big Fat Gypsy WeddingsFuneral of Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star's grandfather descends into bloody brawl leaving two mourners injured The funeral was held for “Big” John Connor, whose granddaughter-in-law is Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star Dimples McPhee DivingBritish tourist dies while scuba-diving in Great Barrier Reef in third fatality in a week The man, aged 60, was found unresponsive while diving in Agincourt Reef, 100km north of Cairns Top Stories CrimeSick mob beat and burn boy to death 'as punishment for stealing food in Nigeria' WARNING: DISTURBING CONTENT A vicious group gathered round to beat the boy then attach a burning tyre to his neck DivingBritish tourist dies while scuba-diving in Great Barrier Reef in third fatality in a week The man, aged 60, was found unresponsive while diving in Agincourt Reef, 100km north of Cairns HospitalsMystery death of 'vivacious' young woman who fell ill on plane home after getting engaged on dream holiday Majella Donoghue, 30, died in hospital with new fiancé Barry Doherty by her side after becoming seriously unwell on a flight from South Africa Jeremy ClarksonJeremy Clarkson 'sulked over chicken wrap dinner' just moments before airport bust-up The ex-Top Gear host looked unimpressed when an assistant sent to find him something to eat came back clutching a chicken wrap, a fellow passenger said Fire'Customer' sets himself on fire in bank causing explosion which injured 27 including three children Chaotic scenes at Commonwelath Bank in Melbourne, Australia, after blaze as branch was busy with customers PrisonsFemale prison officer bound to chair and hooded by inmates at one of UK's most dangerous jails Struggling to breathe, unable to move, protest or escape, the young woman had to wait a “substantial length of time” to be rescued by a colleague Dr PhilFather who forced daughter, 11, to have sex with him for money: 'I never felt guilt' He was sentenced to prison for 20 years and felt it was “harsh” ChocolateStill angry about Toblerone? Wait until you hear what's happened to Maltesers... It really is the lighter way to enjoy chocolate! Big Fat Gypsy WeddingsFuneral of Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star's grandfather descends into bloody brawl leaving two mourners injured The funeral was held for “Big” John Connor, whose granddaughter-in-law is Big Fat Gypsy Wedding star Dimples McPhee Court caseWife of boarding school teacher who 'had sex with pupil on her wedding dress' said he made her lie Hannah Atherton, 40, claimed she'd thrown away the gown when officers began probing claims that her husband Simon Ball had sexually abused three girls Bobbi Kristina Brown deadBobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend is ordered to pay $36million in damages for her death Earlier this year Gordon was found "legally responsible" for the death of Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston's daughter Battle for MosulISIS brutally execute prisoners with machine gun from point-blank range Islamic State released another horrendous execution video as it emerged the group is rife with internal divisions News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Latest News Dow 18,904 +35.68 +0.19% Nasdaq 5,334 +39.39 +0.74% S&P 500 2,187 +10.18 +0.47% 9:15 A.M. ET Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 9:10 A.M. ET Tesla's stock jumps as SolarCity merger approval will free stock to rally 9:09 A.M. ET Regal Entertainment shares are down 5.5% premarket 9:07 A.M. ET My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — what can I do? 8:59 A.M. ET Volkswagen Plans to Cut up to 30,000 Jobs 9:00 A.M. ET Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 9:00 A.M. ET An Illustrated History of Thanksgiving Stuffing 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 8:56 A.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 8:53 A.M. ET Diana Containerships' stock jumps 15% in premarket trade, after tumbling 69% on Thursday 8:53 A.M. ET DryShips' stock surges 12% in premarket trade, after plunging 85% the previous session 8:52 A.M. ET Updated If someone brings Merlot to your Thanksgiving, don’t leave 8:52 A.M. ET Actuant CFO to step down in December 8:49 A.M. ET Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 8:48 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 8:48 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 8:48 A.M. ET Updated Oil flat as investors keep tabs on OPEC deal prospects 8:43 A.M. ET Opinion Will Trump doom his economic agenda by strong-arming the Fed? 8:43 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 8:40 A.M. ET Updated Will Donald Trump cover the White House in gold? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until New York Markets Open Market Snapshot Analyst Ratings Home Press Release Agosto Inc. Leading the Charge to Digital Transformation With Google Cloud By Published: Sept 30, 2016 2:09 p.m. ET Share Sep 30, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- The Tier 1 Google Cloud Partner Enables Private and Public Sector Organizations to Deploy All Aspects of G Suite MINNEAPOLIS, MN--(Marketwired - September 30, 2016) - Agosto Inc., a tier 1 premier Google Cloud partner has helped 280+ companies "Go Google" -- at state agencies, Groupon, and just about every type of business in between. So as Alphabet Inc.'s largest subsidiary embarks on a mission to rebrand its widely-adopted Google Apps for Work suite to the new name "G Suite" and Google for Work to "Google Cloud", Agosto stands poised to help even more companies leverage the public cloud. Agosto President Aric Bandy attended Google's Horizon conference, an invitation-only event, yesterday in San Francisco. "Listening to Diane Greene talk about the original promise of the Cloud, and how we are delivering that promise at an enterprise level, really resonated with me," said Bandy. "The launch of Google Cloud and G Suite is more than a name change. After ten months of acquisitions and partnerships, Google has heavily invested in product updates and infrastructure, and that's how we can make digital transformation a reality for our customers." Google Cloud is the enterprise-focused division that offers the public cloud infrastructure -- Google Cloud Platform -- as well as G Suite, enterprise versions of Android and Chrome OS, and application programming interfaces (APIs) for machine learning and enterprise mapping services. G Suite encompasses the ecosystem of apps Google has built and continues to improve upon, as well as the deeper integration with machine learning and artificial intelligence, which leads to improved work efficiencies. Team Drive shifts the focus from individual users to teams, streamlining productivity facilitating continuity of progress for projects even as roles change. Agosto has been previewing Team Drives with a small set of customers, and will begin to extend this capability to more customers through an Early Adopter Program. Agosto compiled a comprehensive list of Google's new brands to explain what has changed and what will stay the same, which can be seen here. About Agosto Founded in 2001, Agosto is a cloud services company that helps organizations leverage Google Cloud products in the private and public sectors, providing technical solutions, change management and training, custom development, migration and deployment from legacy systems, ongoing admin support, and product development. Agosto is the second largest Cloud Platform reseller globally, and was named Google Global Partner of the Year for Cloud in 2013. The company has been included in the Inc. 500 | 5000 four times. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minn., and with offices in Toronto, Ontario, Agosto's clients include 1-800-Got-Junk?, the State of Wyoming, Unilog, Groupon, Jaguar Land Rover, and the Library of Congress, among others. For more information, visit www.agosto.com. Follow Agosto: Twitter | Blog | LinkedIn. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/9/30/11G116409/Images/New_Google_Branding-bfe63fbb1e88b71d92200bf07533f479.jpg Embedded Video Available: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EZmXEFGFeNA Media Contact Elisabeth Grant Branch Out Public Relations egrant@branchoutpr.com 612-599-7797 © 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Sections SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home Submit Follow Us Follow SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Search Engine Land Need to know FAQ: All about the Google mobile-first index In March 2017 Google retiring Map Maker to speed up the Maps editing process Subscribe to SearchCap SUBSCRIBE SEO SEM Mobile Local Retail Google Bing Social Home SEO Everything you need to know about SEO, delivered every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE Authority & link building with real-time Penguin Google recently released Penguin 4.0, and the Penguin filter now updates in real time. Columnist Marcus Miller explores what this means for SEO and link building. Marcus Miller on September 30, 2016 at 10:37 am More So it happened. Google finally released Penguin 4.0 — the last Penguin update of its kind, as it now processes in real time as a part of Google’s core ranking algorithm. In this post, I want to take a look at what Penguin is, how this update affects the SEO community as a whole and how the brave and the bold can continue to safely improve their organic visibility without fear of repercussions from punitive search engine algorithms. The announcement After a few weeks of turbulence in the SERPs, the announcement that many had predicted was finally made. The Penguin 4.0 announcement had two key points: Penguin is now running in real time. This is really good news. There are lots of folks out there who have paid the price for low-quality SEO yet are still not seeing a recovery after removing or disavowing all of their spammy backlinks. Certainly, a house built on dodgy links will not spring back to a position of strength simply by removing those links; however, there are many businesses out there that seem to have been carrying algorithmic boulders around their digital ankles. Hopefully, these folks can now move on, their debt to a punitive algorithm update paid in full. Penguin is now more granular. This element is a little more curious, in that Penguin 2.0 seemed to add page-level and keyword-level penalties, making it more granular than the 1.0 release. However, we can only imagine that things have got much more advanced, and possibly individual links are considered rather than the seemingly aggregate approach that was taken historically. Only time will tell the degree to which this granular approach will impact sites, but I suspect it will be a good thing for those looking to play by the rules. It will also be interesting to see how this fits in with the other 200 or so factors or “clues” that Google uses to rank websites. We now we have both Panda and Penguin integrated into Google’s core ranking algorithm (though Panda does not run in real time), so it’s possible that the weight of the various known ranking factors may have changed as a result. One other interesting nugget is that there will be no more notifications for Penguin updates. Penguin now constantly updates as Google crawls the web, so tweaks to the finer points of this system will no longer be announced. Personally, I think is a good thing — folks can concentrate on doing good marketing (and SEO) rather than nervously waiting for the hammer to fall on some overused link-building tactic. Links are still important It’s important to remember that links are still important. Google has clarified this a number of times now, with Googlers such as John Mueller, Gary Illyes and even Matt Cutts clarifying the importance of links as a ranking signal, while also often warning of the problems of focusing on just links as a marketing and SEO strategy. Of course, if we can step back a little, this makes perfect sense. If you have a simple five-page website, no corresponding social or PR noise, and 5,000 links… something does not quite add up there. Why would people cite that resource so widely? On the other hand, if you have worked hard on your site and have a hundred or so great content pieces, solid reputation signals and 500 or so editorial links with wildly varied anchor text spread across the web with no discernible pattern, then this does look a little more natural. Add on some PR and social activity, and we start to see a pattern that looks like a real business. So links are important — critically so for SEO. But links are one of many factors and should not be looked at in isolation. In fact, great links should often be the side effect of great marketing. So take off your reverse-engineering hat and put on your smart marketing hat, and you are moving in the right direction. What Google wants I always find it useful to briefly analyze Google’s recommendations. You can be sure those press releases and webmaster guideline pages are carefully worded, and often we can derive more clarification of what is needed. From the Penguin 4.0 announcement: “focus on creating amazing, compelling websites.” From the Link Schemes page: “The best way to get other sites to create high-quality, relevant links to yours is to create unique, relevant content that can naturally gain popularity in the Internet community. Creating good content pays off: Links are usually editorial votes given by choice, and the more useful content you have, the greater the chances someone else will find that content valuable to their readers and link to it. From the Webmaster Guidelines: “Think about what makes your website unique, valuable, or engaging. Make your website stand out from others in your field.” From the original Penguin announcement: “focus on creating amazing, compelling web sites.” This is the same statement again, so they must mean it, folks! There is a common thread here: quality. Whether it’s website quality, link quality or content quality, Google clearly wants to drive this point home. “The best way to get other sites to create high-quality, relevant links to yours is to create unique, relevant content that can naturally gain popularity in the Internet community.” That statement says it all. The only problem here is that Google is often a little (wildly?) optimistic. Creating great content often is not enough on its own. You have to let people know about it. You have to build relationships with folks who may be interested in what you have to say. You want to build relationships with other bloggers and website owners. You will then want to look at ways to use these relationships to start building the kind of links that will move the needle. High quality, in Google’s eyes, means making your site valuable to your target audience. Create something that is really, truly helpful — then let people know about it. Don’t do this the other way around and start building links in volume where there is nothing of value to link to. This, in a nutshell, is the problem with most link-building efforts — they are tackled completely back to front. Links are built before on-site value has-been created. The solution to this is simple: Start with your site. Build something of value. Then layer your link building over the top. Link building tactics The following is a brief overview of some link building tactics that still have merit and are based on the thinking above. Basic prospecting. Using a range of advanced query operators, you can often find resource pages or even (shock, horror!) highly ranking and well-maintained directories that are relevant to the product or service you provide. The more content you have on your site, the easier it becomes to find sites that are linking to similar resources and that will consider linking to you. Search for your keywords +resources, +links, +directory and other terms that indicate a relevant resource. Then do the requisite research. (More details.) Competitor research. Often, reviewing the links your competitors have will reveal some sites that will consider linking to you or your content. Again, make sure you have something of value before requesting any links — and remember that just because a site links to your competitor, it does not mean that link is helping them rank. Think quality. See some smart thoughts on how to do (and not do) competitor research the right way here. Guest post prospecting. Guest posts are a still a great way to generate exposure for your business and tap into a site’s audience. Remember, though, quality must come first. Likewise, if you have an opportunity to link to a piece of content within the body of the article and it adds value, then do it in a natural way to get an editorial vote within that article. I would tend to look for blogs in your space initially and manually review whether they have guest authors. You can also prospect, again on Google, using search strings like “Keyword” + “guest post,” “keyword” + “write for us,” “keyword” + “contributor” — I favor this approach rather than tools, as the sites returned highly are likely to be authoritative. Content + outreach. Once you have a bedrock of great content on your site, you can find sites that link to other articles and then go about contacting the owners to see if they will link to your content. Ideally, your content should improve on what they already link to so that link can be swapped out or yours can be included in addition to the original link. The Skyscraper Technique can work well here; however, it is not perfect for every situation. Broken link building. This is similar to #4 in many ways, but you are looking for broken links on sites you have identified as potentially providing a valuable link (or vote) for your business. You may well need to create some content to fill the gap when you find an opportunity, but this approach where you are helping the site owner and providing a simple alternative can yield great results. Identify sites you would like a link from, then crawl those sites with Screaming Frog or Xenu Link Sleuth to find opportunities. Lots of legwork here, but you can find diamonds in those 404s! Local organizations. With local businesses, I like links that help tie you into that physical location. Often you will be able to find clubs or some such that will accept some sponsorship in return for a safe, branded link on a page of their site. Play it safe here; do this for the right reasons, and you can generate some solid ties with local businesses, leading to more eyes on your business and some great local links. Press and PR. Further to having an amazing site, doing great things in the real world can also have benefits in getting exposure in the press and relevant publications. This will, in many cases, generate a link back to your site, again helping you build trust and relevance. This is not meant to be an exhaustive list, and really, I don’t like to attempt link building from a tactics perspective without having a clear and unique strategy tailored to each business. We see tactics that deliver great results for one business completely fail to deliver for another. This game is all about determining what is right for you and adding links to your site that enrich the web and make the linking page a better place. Of course, to do this, you have to focus on ensuring your site is the very best it can possibly be so the linking site is improved by the link to yours. Final thoughts The best SEO often comes down to common sense. Spammy directory listings did not make sense. They were there purely for SEO. This backwards approach meant many sites were top-heavy with links with no content. All that time and effort spent, and no real value added to the site. I talked about the psychology and history of this in a post on my own blog called “Ass Backwards Link Building” that really dives into how search engines work, the mentality of many low-end SEO agencies and how their practices are directly out of alignment with Google’s own “give, give, give” mentality. Sure, Google shows us ads. Lots and lots of ads. But they gave us free access to the world’s information. In my mind, that is a good trade-off. Unfortunately, though, we live in a world where we have folks looking for a cheap SEO solution, and there will always be some provider who will fill that gap — the demand for cheap SEO creates cheap SEO. Around and around we go… unless, of course, Penguin 4.0 finally puts pay to risky, low-value tactics. I sincerely hope that Penguin 4.0 puts and end to the often daft link-building tactics of the past. Penguin may well need some fine-tuning, but link building in 2016 and beyond will mean tackling your website first — building something great, and then letting people know about it. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Marcus Miller Marcus Miller is an experienced SEO and PPC consultant based in Birmingham, UK. Marcus focuses on strategy, audits, local SEO, technical SEO, PPC and just generally helping businesses dominate search and social. Marcus is managing director of the UK SEO and digital marketing company Bowler Hat and also runs wArmour aka WordPress Armour which focuses on helping WordPress owners get their security, SEO and site maintenance dialled in without breaking the bank. Related Articles Google updates Penguin, says it now runs in real time within the core search algorithm Google says Penguin recoveries have started to roll out now Why I Never Mine Competitors' Backlinks Link prospecting tips and tricks Channel: SEOGoogleGoogle: Algorithm UpdatesGoogle: Penguin UpdateGoogle: SEOLink BuildingLink Building: GeneralLink Week ColumnSEO - Search Engine OptimizationSEO: General Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research The Periodic Table of Seo Success Sign up for our daily newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow Us Follow Subscribe Subscribe Marketing Land After backlash Facebook puts limits on "ethnic affinity" ad targeting options New Features No clone: Instagram Stories get links, mentions & more Subscribe to Marketing Day SUBSCRIBE MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Analytics & Conversion Analytics news and expert advice every Thursday. SUBSCRIBE What’s new and cool at Google from SMX East 2016 At this year's SMX East, Googlers Jerry Dischler and Babak Pahlavan shared recent updates and what's coming to AdWords and Google Analytics. Columnist Mark Traphagen was on hand to cover the highlights. Mark Traphagen on September 30, 2016 at 12:31 pm More At this year’s SMX East conference, which took place this week in New York City, Search Engine Land reporter Ginny Marvin and contributing editor Greg Sterling hosted a conversation with Google executives Jerry Dischler, the vice president of AdWords (@jdischler) and Babak Pahlavan, the global head of products and director of Google Analytics (@babakph). Dischler shared recent updates and changes to the Google AdWords platform, while Pahlavan covered the same for Google Analytics. Read on for highlights from their conversations. Left: Jerry Dischler, the vice president of AdWords. Right: Babak Pahlavan, the global head of products and director of Google Analytics. Jerry Dischler on Google AdWords updates Expanded Text Ads Dischler was asked why there has been a delay in the complete rollout of Expanded Test Ads (ETA), and how they are performing for those who already have access. He reported that advertisers already using ETA seem to getting good results. Googlers tend to be optimistic, so they took on the challenge of changing the creative framework for AdWords for the first time in 15 years. However, Dischler admitted, the changeover is not happening as smoothly as they had hoped it would. They’ve found the advertisers who are embracing ETA tend to be those who always have put great care into their optimized testing of creative, and, in general, they are seeing great results. Those who aren’t seeing results are usually just dipping their toes in the water, either not using dynamic elements or using one-size-fits-all creative. Google hopes advertisers will realize that employing the best practices they should already know will yield them more success with ETAs. Dischler said Google has decided to wait until after the holiday season to make the switch final, so users can have more time to adjust to it. If advertisers don’t immediately see a CTR increase from ETAs, Dischler suggests they try more and different things, using the same best practices as they always have. He encouraged them to keep testing and learning. With non-branded, generic ETAs, there can be big differences in performance when you optimize both parts of the headline; for branded ETAs, shorter headlines work better. Reintroduction of device bidding In late spring of this year, Google announced it would bring back the ability to bid separately by device type (desktop vs. mobile vs. tablet). When asked why Google reversed course after dropping this capability previously, Dischler said advertisers told them they had legitimately different use cases for different devices. For example, a traveler in New York looking for New York hotels on a mobile device is much closer to a buying decision, so it makes sense that an advertiser would want to bid higher on mobile vs. desktop. A few years ago, advertisers seemed mobile-averse, but they’ve made a dramatic shift to mobile-first, and they needed the tools to target appropriately. What works well for device bidding is looking at current bids first from a blended point of view, then looking at performance by device and adjusting individually up or down, according to performance. On the other hand, a demonstrated worst practice is bidding down tablets, or any other device type, without giving it due consideration. Results will differ for everyone. Look at blended first, then adjust each platform up or down. Store visits In this multi-device world, we should measure the entire ROI chain — online and offline. Ninety percent of retail sales still happen offline, for example, so tracking where online ads bring someone into a physical store is critical to measuring the full value of your ads. According to Dischler, Google finds that for many advertisers, the offline benefit of ads is actually larger than the effect online. So Google has made Store Visits available to thousands of advertisers in 14 countries and is expanding their availability. The company has expanded it from search to display as well. Its desire, Dischler says, is to be able to offer a single measurement across all Google ad platforms. One of the factors that makes Store Visits tracking work is the fact that hundreds of millions of Google users have opted in to location sharing. Google augments its data with Google Maps information, as well as input from WiFi and other signals. The company also employs human reviewers who will physically go to a location so they can tune precision. Dischler says Google is now able to pinpoint the location of a shopper with over 99-percent accuracy. Greg Sterling, Ginny Marvin and Jerry Dischler react to an audience comment at SMX East 2016. Audience targeting Remarketing Lists for Search Ads (RLSA) have been a runaway success. Some advertisers are saying it’s the biggest change in the last five years for better targeting and ROI. Larger advertisers should certainly try out RLSA, Dischler suggests, adding that advertisers will be able to manage RLSA at the campaign level in the next few weeks. Cross-device RLSA will be out this week as well, allowing targeting of users across devices. Customer Match is designed for customers whose email address you’ve collected online or offline, allowing you to target them in search by matching those addresses to users. It also can be used to create persistent customer IDs for analytics. Dischler also announced that Similar Audiences is now in open beta. This feature lets advertisers target their ads to audiences that are similar to the people they have on their lists. Demographics targeting is also going from open beta to release. It targets by age, gender and income. Asked about the methodology used to pinpoint similar audiences for search, Dischler notes that Google is currently using search history but is looking to improve it with more signals. Can you layer demographics with Similar Audiences? Not yet, he said. Local ads updates Google recently introduced a cluster of local ad features. They’re conducting lots of experiments, but the features are not yet broadly available. They’re exploring how to make online ads drive even more traffic to physical stores, with things like Promoted Pins on apps and multiple new ad formats. They’re putting lots of investment into this area. Local inventory ads are now more established. Best Buy drove over one million incremental store visits with them the last holiday season. As for ads in the Local Pack in Search, there are currently two different iterations, one in experiment and the other launched. The launched type shows up when a user expands from the Pack to a full list; the experimental type shows up before expansion. Babak Pahlavan on Google Analytics updates Google Data Studio Google Data Studio, a free version of Google Data Studio 360, is a dashboarding and reporting tool launched earlier this year. You can be up and running and reporting quickly by just connecting to data sources, instead of exporting first. Google has been focusing on a second notion of collaboration and sharing. The aim is to easily share reports in an organization, with the ability to collaborate on the information. Google launched 360 Enterprise and the free version for US users earlier this year. Data Studio is now rolling out, not only to the US, but also to a number of other countries. Greg Sterling and Ginny Marvin talked to Babak Pahlavan onstage at SMX East. Google Optimize free version Pahlavan said more free tools are coming. Optimize 360 Enterprise was announced earlier this year, but the objective is to improve measurement for all size users. Pahlavan announced a free version of Optimize at SMX East that will be available later this year. To get on the waiting list for it, go to G.co/optimize. It natively integrates into Google Analytics, and works right out of the box. Conversions and goals are easily brought into Optimize. Motley Fool said they went from days to minutes for the same analysis by implementing Optimize 360. A major gold and silver coin retailer was able to double their per-user revenue by using data from it to tailor on-site experiences for users. Smart Goals Smart Goals are for advertisers who have not set up their own goals. It uses machine learning to give them more potential conversion information. SG is helpful for e-commerce sites that don’t have much transaction data. It automatically sets up goals for them. Users actually get a preview of what performance could look like with a certain optimization. Pahlavan also announced a new session quality score that exposes more of the data from Smart Goals. The score shows a likelihood of conversion for a session, allowing you to optimize that user’s experiences and/or create targeted remarketing for them. Autotracking Autotrack library is a collection of plugins that shortcut complex setups. Designed for the developer community, they ended up becoming wildly popular. But Pahlavan sill advises more advanced customers to use Google Tag Manager. Another 20 tags are being announced for Tag Manager. He was asked: “If you already have your own custom HTML tag for a tracking purpose, should you drop it for a plugin?” Google recommends all customers switch to Tag Manager as soon as possible, as it gives more control and customization. Mobile app insight cards Insight cards in the Google Analytics mobile app leverage machine learning. They eventually will be available on desktop Analytics as well. Insights automatically analyzes your signals to call out trends you might want to know about. Google tests it with their own site that sells Google souvenirs to Googlers. Pahalvan shared that he got alerted to a site speed concern with the test site’s Indian servers that they might not have noticed for weeks on their own. Insights doesn’t use pre-defined benchmarks; it continually learns from your own data to call out what is truly interesting but previously might have been hidden in your data. Further insights from the audience Q&A AdWords Extended Test Ads are being tested in a lot of new ad formats. Why did they restrict Keyword Planner data from users without active AdWords campaigns? Dischler answered they wanted “good actors” using it while keeping out “bad actors.” He said the spend limits are low, so most account holders should be able to still get data, as well as agencies representing advertisers in most cases. There are no plans to extend Store Visits for channels outside paid search, other than the expansion to Display. Analytics Data Studio data sources will continue to expand the sources you can connect to. In October, Google will roll out templates for reports for data visualization. Five reports per account for now, but they are analyzing where more demand may exist. What about creating remarketing in AdWords vs. Analytics? Is one better than the other? You can use your Google Analytics lists in AdWords; they are complementary. There are no plans to add more ad slots in Google Search. They have to look at the space available to both expanded ads and organic results on a query-by-query basis according to intent. What is Google doing about Analytics referrer spam? Dischler said they have an active project in the works to combat such spam. They don’t share stats externally, but they do take spam seriously. Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Marketing Land. Staff authors are listed here. About The Author Mark Traphagen Mark Traphagen is Senior Director of Online Marketing for Stone Temple Consulting. His primary responsibility is building the online reputation of Stone Temple while testing strategies and tactics that will benefit STC clients. Mark writes for numerous top industry publications, and is a regular speaker at various SMX events and other national marketing conferences. Related Articles Up close at SMX: Using paid search and social together What's the Google AdWords Health Score and how is it different from existing tools? The right way to get dynamic with Google AdWords Improve B2B marketing results with Google Analytics Analytics & Marketing ColumnChannel: Analytics & ConversionGoogleGoogle: AdWordsGoogle: AnalyticsInternet Marketing Industry: Search Marketing Expo - SMXSearch Marketing Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences March 21-23, 2017: SMX West June 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our SMX Events Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco See all the dates and locations. Learn More About Our MarTech Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers 10 Ways to Decrease SEO Costs While Increasing Performance The Social Marketing Paradox: Why Brands Fail To Create Customer Relationships The Definitive Guide to Social Customer Service Success The Social Customer Service Playbook: The Most Vital Metrics and How to Interpret Their Impact Data is the Secret Ingredient for Social Media Marketing Success See More Whitepapers Webcasts Social Media Marketing 3.0: Best Practices for Ramping Up Social ROI Take Back Control of Your Content Personalized Local Content: Frightful or Insightful? See More Webcasts Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Get our daily Marketing Day newsletter. SUBSCRIBE Follow Us © 2016 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWhat Is Workplace By Facebook? Director Julien Codorniou Tells Us At Disrupt London This December Save £250 On Tickets Now Google Open source and coopetition are the new normal Kubernetes founders launch Heptio with $8.5M in funding to help bring containers to the enterprise Google’s DNI fund puts €24M into 124 news projects across Europe Browse more... New Google Tilt Brush demo shows what it’s like to paint with friends in VR Posted Sep 30, 2016 by Lucas Matney (@lucas_matney) 0 SHARES Next Story So now we have a federal CISO One of the more fun usages of virtual reality to have already emerged is Google’s Tilt Brush. The VR painting simulator is often one of the first things I demo to first-time VR users and it really allows people to lose themselves in a VR world and make it whatever they want it to be. Art is more fun with friends, and it appears Google is discovering that as well. Today, the company is showing off a new prototype of the app that allows you to “share ideas, draw and create with others” as you design and build VR creations. Update: Tilt Brush multiplayer isn’t available yet but Google is “exploring ways to develop this concept further.” Tilt Brush is currently only available for the HTC Vive because of controller restraints on Oculus at the moment, it’s just a prototype at the moment but the team is hoping to develop it into a full-fledged feature soon. In addition to the multiplayer feature, Google’s VR team is continuing to use Tilt Brush as an experiment in building a creative platform. Tilt Brush is experimenting with some other cool features including custom avatars, so users can personalize their VR look; Portal Brush, so they can peer out into the real world using the HTC Vive’s front camera; and a few other techniques to bring animation into the VR world. Tilt Brush is constantly checking out new updates, but this is a particularly huge one given the massive potential for increasing the scale of creations and the level of collaboration. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Google Founded 1998 Overview Google is a multinational corporation that is specialized in internet-related services and products. The company’s product portfolio includes Google Search, which provides users with access to information online; Knowledge Graph that allows users to search for things, people, or places as well as builds systems recognizing speech and understanding natural language; Google Now, which provides information … Location Mountain View, CA Categories Search Engine, Blogging Platforms, Ad Network, Email, Video Streaming, Software, Information Technology Website http://www.google.com/ Full profile for Google Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes Google Popular Posts Featured Stories Nom Launches Redesigned App VIDEO | 3:17 | Apps Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago | Matthew Lynley Open source and coopetition are the new normal 20 hours ago | Ron Miller YC tries a new experiment: temporary partners 20 hours ago | Connie Loizos Latest From TechCrunch Apple adds former Wall Street Journal editor to its China PR team 1 hour ago | Jon Russell French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 2 hours ago | Ingrid Lunden Telemedicine company Syounika Online snags top prize at TechCrunch Tokyo 3 hours ago | Haje Jan Kamps Three UK suffers major data breach via compromised employee login 3 hours ago | Natasha Lomas Comment moderation powered by Up Next So now we have a federal CISO Posted Sep 30, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress 21 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 19 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation yesterday by Frederic Lardinois French IoT startup Sigfox confirms €150M Series E at €600M valuation 2 hours ago by Ingrid Lunden How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming 19 hours ago by Jeff Kavanaugh Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 8 hours ago by Jon Russell Three UK suffers major data breach via compromised employee login 3 hours ago by Natasha Lomas LinkedIn is now officially blocked in Russia yesterday by Ingrid Lunden Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 17 hours ago by Darrell Etherington The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer’s internet yesterday by Devin Coldewey
