I need a bigger monitor, don't you think  amazon   walmart?! 👀  blackfriday  shopping  amazon  tv  google 
I need a bigger monitor, don't you think amazon   walmart?! 👀  blackfriday  shopping  amazon  tv… 
Every year my grandparents for xmas got me a Walmart gift card&i hated it. this year since I am adulting that card will be coming in clutch.
Learned a new term today at the  tmcf_hbcu  LI2016 today from  Walmart associate  TylaMorris! -  semiadulting
Why was there a clown on 80 before you get to Walmart? Thought we were past that
Just walked into the men's bathroom at Walmart
 CourtsSide Walmart dnt sell it ?
You know you live in the "country" when Walmart is your source of entertainment...😊😊😊
I hate this place. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Jasper, IN) 
Enter to win a Sparkling Xmas Wreath and a Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways  booklove101 
They're making a Popeyes by Walmart 😍😍😍😍
 madewithprayer Sorry about that! Have you already tried clearing out your cache and browser history, or switching to another browser? -Red
Can't believe I'm back at Walmart like I wasn't just here an hour ago for a whole hour 😡
 PopCrave take them back pls where's the receipt i would like to return this please  Walmart
100,000 People Have A Message For Walmart About Its Food -  startup 
 jimEastridge1Ship Michelle out of the WH along with that ugly Bow back to Hawaii Melania would make walmart dress look like a million bucks
Lastnight at Walmart when some random girl asked me if I remembered her 😂😂😂
Had to go to Walmart and buy new razors because apparently I never bought any. Pretty sure I did and my mom lost them 🙄
You can't get through Walmart without seeing the whole town
Have you heard ‘walmart prices’ by DoubleCupCj on  SoundCloud?  np 
😂 I swear the next time I'm in Walmart 
I need to go to Walmart, I'll go later.
M&M’s Just  0.37 At Walmart!  Walmart  m_M_s
Half Price Purina Dog Chow At Walmart!  Walmart  purina
 Walmart 6pm on Thursday?? Your people deserve to be with family.
A verbal/physical fight at the new Walmart in Richmond over a parking spot...it's not even Dec yet!
Omg I lost my friend in Walmart 😳
I had a sample of stuffing at Walmart today and just really want some stuffing rn
 R_Carroll2 dude from what I'm hearing from everyone (even Walmart employees) have said that all of them pretty much the same.
 IGNUK  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble
 Movies  MMA… 
Grouchy and indifferent bag tags  walmart. 
i say Walmart
 pairodice00 What item were you looking for? If it's not too late, we'd like to help. -Red
placed an online order  Walmart for food In store on 11/14 for a person in dire need of food, they have yet to fill the order  shameful
 Walmart No one ever showed to assist. Several associates walked by. Probably not their department. I ended up leaving.🙄
Enter 2 win a Sparkling Xmas Wreath by & a Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways  booklove101 
Enter to win A  165 Walmart Gift Card! from  SweepWidget
 Walmart no help
Chanel vs. Walmart  AMAs 
 maes_hilary What happened, Hilary? We'd like a chance to make things right. -Iris
Chanel vs Walmart 
Walmart: Hamilton Beach Power Deluxe 4-Quart Stand Mixer for just  19.96 (reg.  44.99)! 
How to get Banned from Walmart 😂😂 
The teenager is skipping school, she must be at THE MALL! Bitch, there's no mall in fucking Granbury, the kids have to hang out at walmart
y'all i hate going to walmart
Enter to  win a Pasta Lensi Prize Pack w/  50 Walmart GC  mommysfabfinds  giveaway 
. Walmart is testing  Blockchain technology as a way to tackle  foodsafety issues 
 IconsofFright  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble  Movies… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Fargo, ND 
me and hogan literally just spent  35 in walmart on yoyos and dart guns to play w/ lol.
cant trust anyone who doesnt buy their leggings from walmart like bitc ,,,,,,,, they have such nice leggings n spandex for like  15 wyd
Chanel Vs Walmart 
 reincelestial that too. But Native pride t-shirts sold at Walmart couldn't dare have a white pride T-shirt the whole store would close down
Walmart is the most depressing store available
cashier at walmart: "i wonder why honey is so expensive"
me: "bees are dying at an alarming rate"
I hate coming to Walmart
When u spend 50 dollars in Walmart and u was suppose to spend 20 smfh
A bit belated, but happy 7th anniversary  KrisAllen!! I remember getting my copy at Walmart and it being the 1st on… 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart 
coming to walmart on a sunday & realizing you made a mistake ☹️
Walmart free shipping :O
 SRTDIABL0 Please check if it says Sold & Shipped by This may be sold by one of our Marketplace Vendors. -Red
mom is fixing to go off on a Walmart lady over the phone 😂
 CBranGames usually it’s just Walmart. If you don’t have a local card shop go with an online store like  potomacdist
Pecan Sticky Buns


win a Sparkling Xmas Wreath by and a Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways  booklove101 
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Enter 2 win Sparkling Xmas Wreath by and a Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways  booklove101 
Kids Ride On Motorcycle 6V Toy Battery Powered Electric 3 Wheel Power Bicycle Red  54.94+ FREE shipping  Save 65.01  
 WilliamThomasD6 Yeah I think Walmart and GameStop is
Omg u wrong! If we win I'm coming to Walmart buying a auburn shirt & u got to let me post it on the book💪🏾😂 
Why is everyone want soup?? Like buy some at Walmart and eat it
Walmart Ad Price Match Highlights: 11/20 CVS Ad 
2016 Christmas Candy at Walmart! 
Oh nah Ally look like a Walmart cleopatra mixed with Dora the explorer with that wig why they always do her dirty l… 
All the rednecks are at Walmart
When Walmart tries to shade Chanel 
i was at walmart and i saw this boy when he passed by me and he was smiling at me and im just like wtf
So much to do but I'm at Walmart buying Christmas decorations for my balcony
wanted to go to Sally's to go buy hair dye so I might go to Walmart to see what they got 🤔
 kaceybess We think you will too! Feel free to let us know how it goes. -Iris
Get me tf out of Walmart
In Walmart ages  BenSheridan2  walmart
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
Quote of Friday, "it's so pretty, like the Walmart version of Yale"  mcknz16
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Police we got kicked out of walmart!! Vlog 06
 Lexanerin Well, it was the comparison of Lexa & Ontari as Chanel & Walmart ;)
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 kland2002 im prolly going Thanksgiving night to walmart.
She acting like she ain't never drug me to Walmart 🙄
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Manchester, CT 
Walmart is a scary place on Thursday/Black Friday... but they have so many things I want on sale 😩
chanel vs walmart 
 One2ManyFrogs Thanks for giving us all the info. Please feel free to share this with our team at as well. -Red
 DaltonlPatrick  Walmart i think walmart likes my participation
Gucci vs. Walmart 
Hey,  washinthesink, what big retailers carry Vanguard cards? I've gotten back into the anime and want some cards! My Walmart has none :(
Grandpa: "so I go to Walmart to buy an electric can opener"    Me:*electric can opener, that'd be a sick name for a heavy metal band*
 iHorrorNews  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble
 Movies… 
Channel vs Walmart 
Lmao I dragged you cuz no1 wants to o to Walmart alone 🙄 
Walmart bringing in self checkouts & govt subsidized foreign workers.Well thats good for local employment & our economy...NOT!  nlpoli
Y there so many methheads at walmart
Just gonna leave this here. 

Currently in the Christmas section at Walmart and oh god this is overwhelming 😳
Walmart Black Friday LIVE NOW 
Channel Vs. Walmart  AMAs 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Katy, TX 
Well, just found out someone stole my card number and spent  412.00 at the Walmart on Atl Highway. Great..
chanel X walmart  AMAs 
 FreeBreNasty I love in southern TN close to GA. This is normal they act like Walmart isn't around the block
Missing summer and the lake and our Walmart runs 💔 morganbrugger  BruggerMadison 
 Walmart Hal, I did before I asked on here and this is all they said - Hi John! Thanks for your excitement and I wish you good luck!
 chocabunga walmart stay lit
I wish Sake House had a punch card because I really could use it since the Bluffton and Beaufort Walmart has one right across the street.
Just dropped  288 at Walmart.  bigfamily
Tell me why ally is always the shitty awkward Walmart vs Chanel one in the red carpets.. 
💀Allys weave looks like she bought it at Walmart for 2 dollars 😿 
Scented or natural?
Huggies wipes are just  1.47!  StockUp

~~~~> 
 EthanWi94033873 Please check with your local Walmart in Canada for more info. Happy shopping! -Iris
The people who came up with WalMart's Black Friday commercial have clearly never been in a Walmart on Black Friday.
There's always so many birds at walmart ..and it freaks me out
I've seen far better at WalMart! 
 erikalaurenluvs. Hi. I've never stepped foot in ant Walmart. I never will.
TONIGHT!  TeamRAW VS  TeamSDLive  SurvivorSeries  Walmart  Target 
tHERES XMAS MUSIC IN WALMART YIPPY 
 UPtv  GilmoreTheMerrier Walmart, apple pie!! Yep they correlate?!?!
let a nigga go to walmart
Nothing says Christmas like the yearly brawl brought to you by  Walmart -UGLINESS FOR PROFIT
Walmart off wendover is poppin rn
Got into an all out argument at Walmart with some Toledo trashball because I didn't say "excuse me" while just looking down an aisle?
flonase cost at walmart & flonase over the counter walgreens & generic flonase 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART 
Enter for a chance to WIN a  50  Walmart e-gift card!  SweepsEntry  NatureMadeAtWalmart (No Purchase Necessary)
Poor kid?....
Smelling that funky person next to you in  Walmart????
Funky smellin mutha fuckas???? 
Grab  NatureMadeAtWalmart vitamins and supplements! Enter for a chance to win:  SweepsEntry (No Purchase Necessary)
Just entered to win a  50  Walmart gift card thanks to  NatureMadeAtWalmart. Here's how:  SweepsEntry 
 Valentines  Gifts VINTAGE 1998 WALMART SNOWFLAKE CHRISTMAS 20"  TeddyBear  Valentine  Gift 
Luke's reaction to Jess working at WalMart 😂😂😂 Poor Jess.  GilmoreTheMerrier
Rocking the walmart 2.0s 
 InspiredByFire I ran outta Walmart with my juices and took off to my dorm.  I cannot stand y'all. I want to go home
I came to walmart with no make up and I feel so good
Walmart 
So I'm walking around Walmart right and all I see is people with cowboys Jerseys on 😤😤 the world is really coming to an end  😣😭😭
 AlienAlexis_ walmart 😂
 MileysKoi omg i tweeted the same thing but instead i put walmart version 😂
WALMART Black Friday ads are here!!!! 
I'm still upset that Walmart doesn't have Hercules and neither does Netflix and I really need it in my life lbh
 relationshipgoals eating an entire pizza between the two of you in a Walmart parking lot before going shopping 😂😬
Man who's a bitch gotta fistfight to buy a wall calendar in this Walmart
Stuck for two+ hours in a Pleasanton, CA Walmart due to a tire blow-out and seeing so many wondrous things: 
 animetitty shelly threw up in walmart the other day they could be friends
Drove all the way to Walmart just to realize I forgot my wallet 🙄😤
10 Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
Wow everyone this holiday by making  pioneerwoman's Cranberry Sauce  recipe... by  brettbmartin via  c0nvey
Waiting in line at Walmart is sooo painful. It's like trying to pass a golf ball size kidney stone. The agony.
Aye  Walmart y'all WiFi is trash!!!
Haiti tony rodham bought mine 2012 industrial complex gap, target, walmart buy from them
 Walmart prepaid. And please let me know about straight talk.
I swear every time I go to Walmart I see about 10 dance moms.
i fell asleep on my steering wheel in a walmart parking lot
 ReTweet  Makeup  BrushCleaners  Essential Tools Makeup Brush Cleaner 
Just peeped this guy at Walmart. It deadass makes me miss being home in NY, b 
Deadass thought this guy in Walmart was 21 savage😂
Look it what i found in walmart 
managed to perform a crappy parking job at the bank, walmart, autozone, and stop&shop today, but at least I can drive now 😂
Waited in a 30 min line at Walmart for 4 things & the cashier said im a trooper, offered me a free mtn dew and told me i was beautiful
THEY ARE PLAYING FALL OUT BOY AT WALMART I LOVE IT !!!!!
Someone told me Amazon is in the same boat as Walmart when it comes to bad business practices. I guess I missed the memo...
It took everything in me not to spend my grocery money on a 7 week puppy outside of Walmart 😭
lol i'll go to walmart tomorrow 😊❤️ 
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart how many songs are on this?
I need a new phone. Should I check out  walmart for plans and reliability? They looking re… 
 Valentine  Gift VINTAGE 1998 WALMART SNOWFLAKE CHRISTMAS 20"  TeddyBear  Valentines  Gifts 
.....effin the whole scene up.....without a haircut.....in Walmart clothes....
Target Holiday 2016 Commercial Ginger’s Back via  YouTube Walmart & Target TRICKY to get hired Application process
Walmart needs to hurry tf up I'm tired of sitting in here.
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
Wooooow. I'm hurt. There's no cayenne pepper, red pepper flakes or hot sauce in the house. We need a Walmart trip asap cause I can't.
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
 InspiredByFire so I'm in Walmart picking up some juice right? This man decides he's gonna spit game at me while I'm in line.
12V MP3 Kids Ride on Truck Car R/c Remote Control, LED Lights AUX and Music Pink  WAS  400  NOW  199.99 
Navidades con Walmart | "Shaky, shaky, shaky" via  YouTube Geau Colonge purchase SECONDARY Shopping
I'm loving this  recipe for No-Bake Peanut Butter Bars  ad  PioneerWoman... by  KickingWKelly via  c0nvey
OH BOY!  We can buy more cheap shit from China at Walmart! 
Walmart: The Happiest Place on Earth
We have some fine looking people who work at Walmart.🙂😍
WALMART or TESCO?  ShawnMendes New Artist Of The Year Un-Leashed By  TMobile  AMAs  ShawnOnAMAs
 osuseq I completely forgot about goodwill. I might head there before Walmart. I need two or three. Lol.
Outstanding!
70 feet long!
Provost Diesel Pusher w/matching
Trailer rolls up in this Walmart parking lot. This is... 
 mynameischerise We love them too! Why not spread the word that you can ask for them in your local store's bakery. -June
The guy who will be in charge of the EPA couldn't run a chemistry kit from Walmart  TrumpIsComing
Walmart’s ‘Suicide Scar Wound’ Makeup Kit Sparks Public Outrage 
I was finna talk so much shit about this car that parked badly in Walmart and fucked up my space....it was my mama car 😂😂
Kroger Columbus Commercial Montage (1987-1989) via  YouTube PRIMARY for it. Walmart SECONDARY
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs 24 HOUR CHALLENGE IN WALMART! (How to Get Banned From Walmart!)
Eyebrows are Gucci 😍....... More like Walmart 🤔
Walmart during the holidays gives me anxiety
I learned the hard way that Walmart is a amazing place to lose your shoes, jacket, and keys
WHY IS IT SO FUCKING COLD I JUST WANNA GO TO WALMART
It would be a shame if  Walmart actually let their employees off to spend time with their families. christmas  thanksgiving  neverheardofem
M&M's Just  0.37 At Walmart! 
 heathermaru  Who_Is_JayMaple I am thankful there was a nearby Walmart 20 miles away. I still say u should've stuck yo ass out the window.
Who's idea was it to change all the items to new isles?  walmart ????? This was an absolute horrible idea!!  Walmart  Walmart
12V MP3 Kids Ride on Truck Car R/c Remote Control, LED Lights, AUX and Music WAS  400 NOW  199.99 
Ashdown Walmart dry asf my mama need to bring ha ass🙄
I want an ugly Christmas sweater from Walmart
 BuzzFeedNews think how much more cheap shit from China the average American will be able to buy at Walmart!
I love Walmart
 ___BrownHenny lmao we about to fuck Walmart up
 IAmScottNichols This is not what we like to hear. Can you please tell us more at as well? -Red
So let me tell y'all about my Walmart trip ! I had exactly  50 in my account. My total wa exactly  49.50 😩😭
Nothing like going to  Walmart and being instantly pissed because someone decided it was a good idea to move items to new isles  notSMART😡👎🏼
 osuseq tight. I'm going to Walmart tomorrow lol
I went into Walmart just to look at pokemon moon. but they sold out. I couldn't even have that small satisfaction godmt
 momtoya666 it's out of stock at Walmart :/
Why the fuck Walmart this packkk
 niyah_lajae I'm off at 7 I'll run to Walmart and grab you one
im in walmart and suddenly i just, wanna have a sleepover w hyejin and mamamoo in general
 usvetram  Patrickm55P  DrottM  sarahal15586515 
The local Walmart would've been cleared out of little boys and girls underwear in no time!
shoulda went to walmart before I came home 🔫
 goldengamingod  TheBrookeMarks Yup.  I'd even prefer that troll face over the new Chief Walmart
On the road, 
pulled up in a Walmart Parking lot 
Bought three Walmart fish exactly a week ago and today the last one died😅👌🏼  qualityfish
 lilannie11 We can see how that must have been frustrating & we apologize, Ann. Sorry again for the inconvenience. -Iris
The fact that Dillion's has a single bathroom compared to Walmarts like 3 stalls and 4 urinals is why Walmart is better
Wen you go in Walmart for one thing an come out spending over 100 smh I gotta stop!!!
Today a friend of mine got married and I bought a  6 pizza at Walmart.  perspective
A Christmas tree Christmas tree ornament  redundant  redundant   Walmart Frankfort - Leonardwood Rd 
Help ME win and enter for your shot at a  600 Walmart Gift Card from  CBS6. 
hope walmart got some pussy in they black friday ad i been needing some
 TessaPacion We just checked, and it's in stock now at our Champaign store! -Red
we bought new fluffy pajamas at walmart and we're getting finding dory and CA civil war on redbox!!!! yayyy
He be looking like the walmart version of 2 chains 
My sisters keep leaving me alone in Walmart I'm SCARED
This is our game. 🇨🇦🏒
(Thanks Walmart for my new favourite shirt ✌🏻️) 
channel vs walmart 
 GentsOkstate I think I just saw you in a tie-dye hoodie at the Walmart  Neighborhood market.
The Pioneer Woman 27-Piece Nonstick Cookware Set  89 (Black Friday)   Walmart | FB Forums via  frugalbuzz
Lmfaooo y'all listen to this,  so I was in Walmart waiting in line right and there was this couple in front of me right?
Joel: what brand are your pants?
Me: Walmart
Joel: Same. 
Ended Badly For The Bad Guys: Wentzville couple carjacked by 2 teens, 1 adult at Walmart via  KSDKNEWS
When  Kai_Jorgensen lost me in Walmart for 30 minutes and he didn't have his phone 
Walmart need to turn on the damn heat 🙄❄️
It's a baby in Walmart that is eyeing me down😂 .. he is so cute 😻
Yesterday a lady from Walmart thought Karina was my daughter but I didn't get super mad but made the moment weird by laughing super loud.
OF YALL WANT A FREE CAT GO TO THE WALMART PARKING LOT 
⒍ Fantastic Beasts
⒎ Guayama
⒏ Navidad
⒐ Walmart
⒑ Bad Bunny

2016/11/20 19:33 AST  trndnl 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Paramount, CA 
comparing good lingerie and make up to walmart clothes¿😂 
Running to Walmart for bathroom stuff. . I have way too many sets 😂 I can't help it tho
What a wonderful time of the year 🤗 I just hear a mother in Walmart threaten her kid by saying Santa is watching 😂
Hey  Walmart, is this your way of bypassing  plasticbag ban? Do you really think people will reuse these? Or is thi… 
One time my brother left me stranded in a Walmart parking lot because he thought it'd teach me what to do if I ever… 
en walmart
At Walmart my brother forgot my other Christmas Gift 🎁 so stopped again listening to  LukeBryanOnline my Kill the L… 
I mean daily...what do they care what you don't  like if you watch anyway?  Good for you avoiding Walmart 
 JoeyMRobles Oh no, that doesn't sound up to our standards! Did you speak with any managers about the service you received? -Iris
Walmart employee: "getting ready for a family Thanksgiving?" Me: "This is for my class on Tuesday. Just something festive.
There's a lady at Walmart giving away free kittens 😭
Tf I have to spend like  50 just for pants where in the hell is your man shopping Walmart??? 
 FS_SETHsational Play Titanfall and it 27 dollars at Walmart on black friday
i thought i was feeling better until i puked in walmart
Target or Walmart haha  ShawnMendes + New Artist Of The Year Un-leashed By  TMobile +  AMAs    ShawnOnAMAs
Shoutout that girls ass in Walmart right now. Damn ok
Black Friday 2016 Best Deals On iPhone And iPad From Best Buy, Walmart, Target…  designgeeks
Walmart before midnight will never again in my life
 TheDotGeek Thanks for asking! There is no One Hour Guarantee this year. -Red
Just had to climb the shelves at Walmart to reach the Apple cider.
Walmart has Purple Rain for  5 dollars.
I checked in at Walmart on  Yelp 
Libby's Canned Vegetables Just  0.08 At Dollar General Or Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** ... 
Half Price Purina Dog Chow At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Half Price Purina Dog Chow At ... 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Duluth, GA 
Bitch in front of me literally when in her pants to scratch her ass. Things you see in Walmart
Walmart fucked up charging for bags 😂😂🏌
 kmersh06 Walmart has fuzzy blankets for  5 and just the fleece for  2
I seen literally the cutest guy ever at walmart 😭😭😍😍
Walmart never ceases to surprise me!  naturalhair  naturalista  teamnatural  naturalbeauty… 
Am i really trynna go to walmart in this weather? 🤔
 coyotekissesxo hey wanna do meth in an abandon Walmart
 Alchemist_00a So sorry again for the inconvenience. If you reach out at then our team can look into this. -Iris
I'll be in walmart and see something as simple as a dice set & be like "i wish i had a man to give these to." 💀.
"I got all of Walmart up my sleeve"
 Walmart - why doesn't your checkout have captcha to block bots?  NES classic in cart twice and magically removed when I finalized...
Broke my auxiliary cord so omw to Walmart
 Walmart please ban  ashley_hicksss she's there everyday and sits in the parking lot and sings T pain
walmart then lele house to see Ty ☺️
when my momma cant reach something on the top shelf at Walmart she makes me jump to get it💀  TrackProblems
 breetrevi I got it at Walmart 2 for 5 😊
find this at your local walmart 
I'm at  Walmart in Pearl City, HI w/  photolulu  808manong 
 Leg_edd google Black Friday 2016 and look at the ads that are already posted, like target, Walmart and Best Buy.
WALMART STOLE MY HUB CAPS
This new pick up system at Walmart would've changed my whole intern life at  newrivertv
I say sorry way more at Walmart in one day then I do in 2 months
I just screamed in Walmart. 
Walmart gang🤘🏾 lmfao but I'm sooo mad at u, we said we would keep in touch! But other that I hope everything's good, miss u💕-⛽️💯
Gas is 1.83 at Walmart on Tryon
There is a difference between being the first and being best -  JohnBell  walmart associate at the  tmcf_hbcu  LI2016
Try glasspro from Walmart. Only like  10 a pop and they're amazing. They might crack when you have a long drop but… 
i saw a dog who taking a shit at the bar and i being silly at walmart good bye
 FreeMemesKids I hope yer mum gets tombstoned by a Walmart employee you amphibian retard
I'm glad Walmart are selling bts albums I'm going there soon 
I LITERALLY say this everytime I buy produce from Walmart and continue to buy produce from Walmart 
Cody and Luke Walmart meet and greet 
Oh, I tuned them out on election night.. CBSNews morning,noon,& night..NOT at our house.
Ps..I boycott Walmart too.… 
Half Price Purina Dog Chow At Walmart! 
Libby's Canned Vegetables Just  0.08 At Dollar General Or Walmart! 
 JFlatbread rip Oliver and Walmart's relationship 2016-2016
 Anthonyvarju  RubberHaki who's the Walmart guy?
Keri Flashing Her Pussy in Walmart 
My fans are hard core. lol They sit in the Walmart lot and wait.  I do come loaded with blessings though.  I get it. Lol  CouponManATL😳🤑😆😉🔥🎉
The amount of times I've gone to Walmart to get something for a project and walked out with just ice cream
I get that Christmas is soon but damn, it hasn't even been thanksgiving yet and y'all wearing Santa hats at Walmart… 
i was out for 4 hours when i only needed to go to walmart
Nothin says Walmart Shopin like walkin in wearing a greasy wife beater that's jus small enough to let your gut hang out during a snowstorm
"I'm gonna go to a sketchy Walmart on Friday. It really gets my adrenaline pumping. Gets me LIT." -Austin Helms
So I was at Walmart and  beccatoungette surprised me by coming up and asking me to move.I attacked her because I haven't seen her in 2 dayz
The cost of entry is to do your job and so it well. Anything above that is up to you -  JasmineHudson at the  tmcf_hbcu  LI2016  Walmart
What I just learned in Walmart. 1) goth/ALT folks in No RI are to be pitied or nurtured.
when you first told me your dogs name and i thought it was walmart and now i call him walmart 
I wanna go to Walmart ..I don't need anything just something about Walmart makes me just wanna go and walk around
I'm learning how to budget my money & let me tell y'all; I did so good at Walmart. Spent less than  30 to meal prep for two weeks!  winning
Whyyy Wouldn't I Buy More Carmex When I Was Just At Walmart Lol
I went to Walmart for detergent and tissue only got to the register bill a 100.00 wtf 😒😩🙄
Woman Notices Girl Walking Oddly In Walmart, Sees ... 
 llleeeeeennnyyy this is us at Walmart 😂 
 NNovak441 It's our pleasure to help you save money and live better! We wish you and your family a wonderful week. -Iris
What a day - snow snow & more snow
- my driller got mad at me, said I should go work at Walmart :) lol as if
The Walmart near campus strangely has been hiring so many black girls lol & they're all so sweet & charismatic.
 erikalaurenluvs I don't advocate shopping at ANY WalMart location. Not just supporting China... you're supporting the economy of Arkansas😐
 youngxking the walmart on san mateo 🙄
This holiday  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookiestreats I love giving cookies as gifts!  ad 
OMFG guess who's gonna go to walmart soon 😩 
SAGGING BED FIX 💤💤⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️💲59 
 rjjohnson71A people still go to Walmart in your neck of the woods!?
Mad bc this girl took the last bag of xtra flamin hot Cheetos at Walmart :/
 deathvving Hi - Do you have a care plan associated with your laptop? -June
Just in case you're wondering how many days until Christmas, Walmart lets you know as soon as you walk in the door! 
Been awake for about an hour today and came to Walmart not realizing how much of a culture shock it'd be to hear ppl speak English again 🙄
I'll be making this Baklava  recipe for the  holiday.  ad  baklava  walmart... by  FrugalFreeGal via  c0nvey
Marijuana gold rush? Walmart of Weed? Not so fast 
 danthompson_TN  saulyoung thanks! I found Walmart can print an 8×20 image, mounted, > 20, ready within a day. Too good to be true?
Great night for Chinese food after this Walmart run
 Walmart Hey, Iris! Could I DM you? I need a bit more than 140 characters for this one! Don't worry! It's nothing bad or anything! I promise
I've had it with these flop bitches dressing like they just came back from their Walmart shift
I hate going to Walmart alone bc dudes are frfr creepy
 SoDamnTrue that's honestly not true tho that's like comparing Walmart brand to Gucci the fuck
 noturgrlfriend walmart has rly good smelling sugar scrub by tree hut and freeman face masks are good. kaylee says to look for cute nail art
Sooo Walmart of us
 CrystalLynn316 We're sorry for not answering sooner. You can learn more about Walmart Marketplace here at -Red
That moment you rapidly wave  _leahcross_ in Walmart, and she keeps on struttin'.  WhyIDontGoToWalmart
Just helped an old man put stuff into his van at Walmart bc I saw him struggling to even open the door and he just told how he was called a
Turkey Acquired! 

 averyrockyfriendsgiving   Walmart Marietta - 1785 Cobb Pkwy S 
when my parents go to walmart and text me saying they are playing a Justin Bieber song 😂💓💓
you can now order bangtan albums online from Walmart, BestBuy and Target. look at that free shipping though 👀 
1 year during Black Friday me and H went shopping at Walmart. They were out of carts and we were force to use garbage cans to haul our load.
 Traveling over the holidays? Don't leave w/out these!  ad 
For the first time ever, Walmart has every single line open. 😂
📰MUST SEE📰 Walmart Black Friday Ad is out!

See the low prices: 
 Walmart  WalmartNewsroom  cobbpolice1 police is here 45 minutes wasn't that bad it is just cold out here.
CHANEL X WALMART 
Black Friday 2016 Deals And Ads: The Best TV Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, And Amazon 
I hate going to Walmart 🙄
Cesar out here telling Walmart people what to do 😂
 erikalaurenluvs by rule I avoid all Walmart stores, and the steelyard for that matter. Glad you got out alive.
This lady at Walmart asked me how old am I, once I told her I was 20 she was like "omg i thought you were 16 or 18" 😭😭😭
My moma saw one of her classmates in Walmart and gne say she should've talk to him he might would of been her husband TF!
Walmart perfected GameStop's Hammer Slam Dark Bowser amiibo yesterday
was gonna serve joke looks at walmart but this is actually kinda cute imo fuck outta here 
When you go to Walmart just to get a break from your kids 
A wild Seaking appeared! It will be 498 meters from the 300W Walmart until 4:55 PM.  SLC  PokemonGO 
Man, hulkhogan sure has let himself go.  WWE  HulkHogan  damn   Walmart Seagoville 
walmart..... walmart? what the fuxk? 
So, are these man purses? Seen at Walmart on Baseline. 

..."research, done by a Northwest community group,... 
My mother and I always clip coupons and then forget them when we go to Walmart lol
Walmart got me fucked up 
Top DreamWorks Trolls Gift Picks from Walmart – Get 20% Off  TrollsatWM via  StacieinAtlanta 
Questioning my life as I wait in the Walmart self check out lane with a Metallica cd pack of Marlboro reds and a rated r movie
I guess everyone going hunting tomorrow decided to have a meet up at Walmart
 Ironman0509 We'd love to see your fun  holiday pic too, Steve! -June
Boycotting  HamiltonMusical ?
Yall know you cant just pick those tickets up w/ the Red Lobster gift cards in the Walmart chckout line right?
 QueenIttyBitty Walmart got some deals right now
like this tweet if you have ever had a 100% smooth sailing trip to Walmart         b/c I HAVE NOT!😡
 Lexanerin Oh man, that's sad. Especially as this Chanel/Walmart comparision was starting w/ Clexa/Lexa, wasn't it? ;)
 KenzieR1017  Walmart me too. It's so sad people are willing to leave their families to buy stuff they prob don't even need to buy.
i did my make up just to go to walmart whdbsh
Came all the way to Walmart to get a rug & new sheets & forgot my flipping card. 🙃
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Arlington, TX 
It took you two days to reply. I was also told in store it was valid online only. So, get together and get your sto… 
 FrankKemp3 oh yeah. Walmart.
Spice up your holiday cookie tray with  BettyCrocker this holiday. 
me & jay just accidentally went to walmart at the same time & we're at home like we really can't avoid each other how do these things happen
 jordyverde I have to go to Walmart too so I'm like 😅😅
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist MANNEQUIN Challenge In Walmart !!
 Carlcjsmith  _OgKD Black Friday Walmart Its 25
Nothing says "'Tis the season" more than a trip to Walmart. 😫🙄😤
I literally hate Walmart with a passion
The ladies at the return service   Walmart are so rude
 Coreyyy We do price match our website. Learn more about how we do that here at -Red
 pineapplespring We're so sorry you had such an unpleasant experience. Mind also reach out about it at -Iris
"Strait Out of the Box: Part 2" available now  Walmart , featuring 56 tracks plus 2 brand new songs!… 
 Alexisamourr  brandiiF_ walmart
 thewholeidea  saulyoung I guess it depends on what it is. I've used Walmart for some prints, mostly because it's cheap
*some lady says hi to my mom   walmart*

me: mom, who was that?
mom: i can't remember to save my life. 😂
beautiful rainbow outside walmart.   Aberdeen, Washington--Come As You Are 
yeahh can't fade produce from walmart 
Walmart. 
currently in a Walmart toilet paper fort
BUT NO WARHEAD CANDIES!
WTH WALMART!
I have to go to Walmart but nothing in me wants to step out the house
me: lowkey standing under the speaker   walmart while 'last christmas' is playing
why does keke look like the walmart version of rihanna lmao 
Like seriously though right? WALMART of all places had NO WARHEADS!
They had Warhead candy canes and squishy warhead gummies...
TaiAsia McDuffie when you upgrade from walmart to Value city 😂
'Tis the season for feeling guilty every time you walk into Walmart and don't donate to the Salvation Army
 CashvilleMyCity Our online  BlackFriday offers officially begin at 11p.m. CT, on Wednesday, November 23. Happy shopping! -Iris
It used to be this way at our WalMart in Houston but lately, I've been able to breeze through.  Those... 
psa: phillip at walmart is fine as wine
My dad was in the car w me when I was going to Walmart and he got mad bc I drive too fast.
I was going to do my 200 subs Q&A today but as I went to walmart to get some warheads for the challenge... THEY DIDN'T HAVE WARHEADS! WHY!!!
Been at Walmart with my mom for almost 3 hours 😒
 Fashion  Music  TaylorSwift We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together  CD SINGLE Only At WALMART… 
we can hit up Walmart get some snacks and shit watch movies
Casinoooo! And then Walmart to adult. Hopefully I win 😅
But y'all still hype for them sales at Walmart.
I'm at Walmart Supercentre -  walmartcanada in Stouffville, ON 
When you find  HeathHussar at Walmart 
BILL CRAWFORD: More taxes for rank, file; less for wealthy, Walmart - Daily Journal 
Came to Walmart for 4 things. I've been in line for 15 minutes because the cashier is talking about her life. Never been so aggravated
 heatherjns Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Walmart and Starbucks to open in the Janion downtown?

Photo by JanionGuy at VibrantVictoria.

MORE:... 
I fucking hate coming to Walmart! 😒
Chanel vs walmart   MTVStarsJustinBieber 
Hobo-like Fat Amy goes to walmart
Going to get some stuff frm walmart to cook😋rotel dips , hot wings & ion know what else🤔
Kicking it at Walmart 
 HolidayDinnerIn3Words no Walmart shopping
Funny How 2 Do's... How to Annoy Walmart employees. Please check out this post and follow me if you liked it.… 
 CNNPolitics only because CNN can't stop being a tabloid news paper at the checkout lane at Walmart.
Two Walmart trips, chilly weather, a yummy lunch and time with the in-laws all to get this… 
 mtgsnl We're sorry to hear about you and your child's experience at our store. Can you please share this at -Red
He just called this girl a Walmart version of  Marissa_Isabela 😂😂😂 I died
 hoezierharry still, me, dumbass, who buys produce at walmart
 Juulie268 vs wa vs, a walmart draws u a get
 redpanda136 oh I'm at Walmart 😂
 hoezierharry also, me, dumbass, sits n tweets about it in the produce section at walmart
Libby’s Canned Vegetables Just  0.08 At Dollar General Or Walmart!  Walmart  Libby_s
I feel stupid driving this motorized cart at Walmart.
 whoawaitwalmart have you seen these babies yet?!  obsessed & under  6  walmart  sundayshopping  shopping… 
Shopping in Walmart for the 1st time I feel grown AF
Walmart is a gateway to meth.
walmart  
 blablue88 Some former Clexas trashed them. There were comparisons like "Chanel vs. Walmart". It's ok if you move on, but don't shit on what
Going to Walmart for fun...welcome to the country
me, dumbass, cant open those stupid little plastic bags in walmart
Whose version did you get? There were reports from employees who claim their wages are lower than at all other hote… 
 pandaman62 Sorry you didn't have a great checkout experience. Can you please tell us more about it? -Red
Jahonna: "Tia can I have some lipstick"
*Jasmine in the back* "Jahonna that's top of the line shit not your moms Walmart lipstick"
*talking about Black Friday with Payton" "yeah Walmart is a shit show on Halloween!"🙄🤔
What do you think of these easy holiday cookie recipes?  ad pic.twitter.com/AADN2py655  donnadrexel
walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video from  flamingassasin1 Hiding from my. Mom in walmart
 walmart's best  BlackFriday deals start today at  BestBuy https:
Fuck Walmart right now.
Help! What are good Black Friday stores this year? Ya girl is not doin Walmart lmao I'm not trying to get trampled on
 CharlesLeeReyna We would encourage you to check with your local store for more information to be extra sure. -Red
I'm at a Walmart and already established myself as GothKing of N Springfield, RI just by walking around. Why am I here?
 dasokaybre I can kinda understand the time (depending) but the amount they will pay is RIDICULOUS. Like I buy from Walmart or something lol
I'm at Walmart lol please update me on what happened 
Saw  Walmart 's  BlackFriday Commercial using  JamesBrown  GetUpOffaThtThing. So glad it wasn't  I'm Black & I'm Proud!
Man Loses Over 300 Pounds And Totally Transforms His Body By Walking To Walmart 
goodbye Walmart
 Walmart left everything in the counter and left, i'll be taking my money to a small merchant.I don't get those type of employees there. 2/2
 cabellfi That's certainly not what we like to hear & we apologize, Carole. What happened? -Iris
This dude at Walmart was deadass talking to his blood sugar machine like it was his phone...
some kid at walmart thought i worked here lmao
I have a ? - Do the slimeball companies like  WholeFoods,  McDonalds,  Walmart also get tax deductions for insourcing to private prisons?
 TheFloridaFoxs They're missing the whole"roll back" concept at your walmart 😂
Do you think my parents would agree to a quick little detour to Walmart
Friendsgiving was a success🤗  j_reiffer cinnamon bun apple pie was bomb😩😍 ok now to Walmart and Target😭
 Walmart tell you employee's    Bayamon in PR, to be less rude to buyers, speciañly when doing home renovation and spending over  3,200. 1/2
Amazing group of associates representing  walmart at the  tmcf_hbcu  LI2016! By the way, these… 
I got kicked out of Walmart
I fucking hate Walmart
A Walmart labor group made a chatting app for the company's employees. Walmart hasn't taken the news well: 
Walmart be killing me with this shit. I just bought these on friday and they already rotten asf. 
Can't even go inside  Walmart Someone stole my license plate.  WalmartNewsroom Sitting up here waiting on the slow… 
Niggas get fresh jus to come to Walmart Lmao smh
PSA: They have a ton of ugly(cute) Christmas sweaters at Walmart right now 😍🎅🏽🎄
But all the cashiers at Walmart 21 & older
Tim O'Brien: President Trump's Conflicts Would Be Amazing via  BV
 Walmart I did not as this is the new stocking program. I'm a former 20 yr associate and it just doesn't make sense on busy weekends.
Walmart..
Baby has really bad gas and I feel horrible doing a walmart run and C has stomach pains oh lord 😭
made rotisserie chicken for Jeremiah like 3 weeks ago and I just told him it was the pre made one from Walmart he never knew  scammer
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Orlando, FL 
 rjj714 They look happy to see you! Are you ready to deck the halls? -June
 Walmart why in the hell do yall have 30 lanes and only have 2 opened?
It's all fun and games till you have to take a shit at Walmart
 Walmart you need to make sure your employees understand your own return policies. Also maybe some basic manners
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart I LOVE THAT SONG BUT I DONT GO TO WALMART THIS IS NOT OK IM
when walmart has better wifi than u
Well I mean it was rated worst Walmart in America for a reason. Straight 🚮 
Walmart is the only place where you're able to buy Christmas lights, a turkey thermometer, work shoes, and milk all in one place.
50-plus jaw-dropping  BlackFriday 2016 tech deals, by alphadoggs  -  samsung  apple  android  leeco  walmart
This boy says im fake bc i wont give him head in exchange for a ride to walmart?
 timgephart  HEB If everyone looks like People Of Walmart wannabes and there's more Bud Light than Cabernet, you know.
When you come through my line at Walmart how ever you put the shit on the belt is how it will go in your bag.
Passing Walmart😇 
 Gonoles2017 Thanks for letting us know. Please reach out to us here at so we can help. -Red
convert short rss to FULL CONTENT  RSS!  WebTraffic  ArticleSpinner Walmart Cyber Monday…
In walmart lookin like somebody mama
If I was dying of some rare disease and the steelyard Walmart was the only place that had the cure, I'd die before going back there 😂
Time to get me some snow boot Walmart specials for  30 damn that
 erikalaurenluvs thats my regular walmart lol :P
I'm gonna go to Walmart to buy beer and chocolate chips, what else do I need to buy to not look like the saddest man. It can't be perishable
Went to Walmart for toothpaste, 20 dollars later....🙃
Don't get fucked up in Walmart like that
I can't ever find shit in WalMart
Who's stacking up on those Walmart specials! 
 txr46  Walmart ...into this for you?  *HeidiE 2/2
 txr46  Walmart Hello!  I’m here to help! I wouldn’t want you to miss out on this great promotion. Can you send me a DM so I can look... 1/2
Paramedics Helping the Hungry is Dec 3rd   grt northern Rd Walmart. Hoping to beat last years totals with your help!
Stopped into  Walmart & found these  PattiLabelle  SweetPotato  pies on  sale!  2.88! Lawddddd 👅 
 Phil_LeMasters So sorry about that, and for not replying sooner. Which store was it at? We'd like to find it for you! -Red
Walmart Cyber Monday Deals 2016 Online  Sales — Walmart to stream Cyber Monday 2016 live show with product demos 
No  Walmart here in Germany 😪😪😪  GraceVanderWaal   PerfectlyImperfect 
 GlenSteen 
FYI, Humana is now owned by Walmart
Boycott both of these predatory corporations !
Black Friday for Walmart starts at 6pm... politely fuck off Walmart.
Having random people stopping in Walmart to tell me they like my hair is kind of hilarious 🙄😂  Summahh96
Like holy shit i have a wallet thats didnt come from walmart who tf do my grandparents think i am
I'm "Sho Nuff" bout to enjoy this black cinema gem. When did  Walmart roll back their  5 movie… 
 VeronicaWilhite We truly appreciate that you took time out and sent us your valuable feedback. This will help us improve. TY! -Katz
Name brand vs Walmart generic 
. ColeWhitt  floridalottery  TriStarRaceTeam way to hide after yesterday's embarrassment. Hopefully ur not hiding, but applying   WalMart.
can i ask for a valid reason that walmart is closed rn
Seeing how thick the fucktards are   Walmart explains how Trump won the election
 SenSanders iPhone, clothes etc do u think ppl want to sacrifice cheap prices hell no they like shopping at Walmart and target etc 4 cheap
 Aranzamendi If you'd like, you can also share what happened at & our team will follow-up as well. -Iris
 ablondeprincess Hi Leslie - We suggest calling between Monday-Friday, during normal business hours. Thanks for asking. -June
I seriously don't even know what I wanna do for a living and don't wanna work a 'run of the mil' job at Walmart or McDonald's.
I'm thankful for Walmart employees who help me find items that ended up being right in front of me the whole time
 gurabicha walmart? 😂
 TMobileHelp Just spent 30+ mins on the phone w/telesales--was told I need to go to  Walmart to get a SIM card to use free lines promo. Why?
You ever go to Walmart and grab the retarded shopping kart? You know the one with the fudged up wheel, that makes a shit ton of noise...😒
 100vendj update: we're walking around walmart and he keeps saying "SKATE OR DIE" to random people
I found a Final Destination DVD with all five movies on it at Walmart and, since my sister loves those movies, I was gonna buy it for her
what happened to the walmart girls tho????
Oh my god I almost just witnessed a fist fight at Walmart
 RonIsHandsome Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Really almost stole on this white dude in Walmart. Had my cart dude purposely drives down the aisle an hits my cart
Bought Christmas chocolate at Walmart. I was not rung in by Sandie Rinaldo as per my dream last night.
Also scored my  SlingerMail supplies!
The Walmart store opening up next to Aspen is the best thing to happen in Stillwater since Coach Gundy's mullet
WALMART SELLS EVERY BRA SIZE THERE IS EXCEPT 34 D. WTF. I CANT AFFORD VS BRAS! 😭😭😭
I liked a  YouTube video PUBLIC DISTURBoeingNCE PRANKS AT WALMART PART 1 ft. Ana Garrett
 aaa_sshleyy  imrachel_hi  annajtat I think Walmart is like 10 cents per picture
 erikalaurenluvs any Walmart anywhere are terrible I'd rather go to hell then a walmart
I'm lost at Walmart...
Bruno Mars - Grenade (Walmart Soundcheck Live):  PlayingNow on -
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in San Diego, CA 
PSA: WALMART HAS STACY'S PITA CHIPS I REPEAT WALMART HAS STACYS PITA CHIPS
I just witnessed a woman at Walmart ask a black man if he liked chocolate and he said "I am chocolate" lmao I'm done
 NomadicNative  GeorgeStrait  Walmart you getting tix to any of his Vegas concerts? I think I wanna go to Aprils
So Walmart with the shit I see 
Avoid Walmart at all cost...the holiday nightmare has begun!  😳
When you start dancing in Walmart because  TheBookodMormon is stuck in your head...
Happy to find this at Walmart! I had it when it came out, but then apparently lost it and forgot, but now I have it… 
Going soak and go to Walmart I need meds and some other stuff
I lose my mind at the creatures that be up in Walmart.
 Mirandafaye11 no it's like hyvee Walmart or lowes I think
It's SNOWING AGAIN. But I promised my housemate I'd goto walmart with her
Walmart trips with my drunk parents are great 😂😂😂
You know it's time to stop buying fast food when instead of handing over your debit card you hand over your Walmart discount card instead😂
 zobelraev The ones by me are shopped by the same people who shop at Walmart in my area. This is why I go to different stores XD
I would not wish the steelyard Walmart on my worst enemy 😂
I walked right past the thermals when I was at Walmart a couple days ago, what was I thinking
I need to make a trip to Walmart soon
Free Porn Video : Fat Latina Checked Out At Walmart  Follow  Wizzporn 
Just got kicked from  Walmart explanation on my channel later
Thora refused to go in the dressing room at Walmart so she tried on a pair of pants in the middle of the store
Tell me why I'm in buceess . And I'm lost . Why can't I find a soda in this big ass gas station , I feel like im in Walmart
I didn't realize how over dressed I was at Walmart lol.  Hair and make up done, cute shoes and my coach bag.   outofplace
 Lamont2g We apologize for the confusion. Please reach out to our team at so we can assist you. -Red
 kenziepass nothing says Sunday like a trip to walmart
Check out Vintage Coaster Set 6 Piece Genuine Oak  Walmart via  eBay
"Babe ima run to walmart and get some more foil"

*comes back with 8 double doubles*
I be at Walmart everyday lol 
this old man at walmart let me skip him in line & i almost shed a tear
When you have to run into Walmart for a birthday present but you… 
 TinyKogasa  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
Walmart US starts advertising its  blackfriday sales -  deals  sales  christmas  thanksgiving… 
Behind the scenes, getting ready for our Black Friday event! Be sure to get your ad at toda… 
 Lobovoltron chanel x walmart
I'd use Walmart as an excuse constantly
the manager of walmart is always at mcdonald's. how do i know? well i'm always at mcdonald's too
If Walmart had an in n out inside instead of McDonald's they'd be so lit they'd actually need to use all the checkout lanes
 maddyclayton mom said i should go to walmart for the pads and crate but i'm down anyways
At Walmart going to drive my older brother  JasonWilliams84 nuts with  LukeBryanOnline cd playing in my yellow xterra
I DROVE TO WALMART ON THE FREEWAY 
ARE YALL PROUD OF ME
WALMART ISNT = TO WALGREENS GUM PRICES. THE BEST IN TOWN PI.
Soooo who wants to take me to Walmart 😇
How do you prepare for the holidays? I stock up on LACTAID® to  TameTummyTrouble. Get yours here! food  holidays  ad
 notstate Hi Jes, please share some more details so we can direct you further. -Iris
 WalMart Tells  Workers: Don’t Download  Labor Group’s Chat App

 6 Walmart Wine Ranked Among the Best in the World  Wine  Winery
hi waha28 here i fuck sexy girls in my house and then i being silly at walmart what song poardy should i make
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart ...I got a message from Walmart and I didn't even contact them!?!  :0  Talk about reaching out to customers!!  :-)
Finally got this here.  Maybe you can get it too! 
 
Im on a Walmart Adventure...
------------------------
 ankh   alkebulan  ashbyfleamarket… 
 TristiMeservy your cute Walmart haircut 😉
 2.00 OFF ONE COVERGIRL SO LASHY! Mascara product (excludes trial/travel sizes) Printable  Coupon here -  
50-plus jaw-dropping  BlackFriday 2016 tech deals, by  alphadoggs  -  samsung  apple  android  leeco  walmart
50-plus jaw-dropping  BlackFriday 2016 tech deals  -  samsung  apple  android  leeco  walmart  bestbuy  staples
ai sus just seen a lady in walmart that looked like mr. laufou... had to do a double take lolololol
I hate coming to Walmart during the day 🙄
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
I'd rather take a hammer to the head than to go to walmart with you
Parents: you need to save your gas 
*20 minutes later*
Mom: go to Walmart, la michoacana, mall, Wylie, then Forney 🙃🙃
 admire_kayla man this me after leaving walmart
Walmart has 3 detained for theft:
Heroin nod at Walmart: via  YouTube
*Real Father* 
Dad: I haven't talked to my son in 17 years I should talk to him.
Dad to dad: Tell him you still in… 
Walmart sells Kpop albums, is now my favorite store~
Mantele added easy walmart inventory checker 
 __rtj__ oh fr ? I'm def gonna make this trip to Walmart tomorrow then lol what kinda cake you want ?
Note to self: stop going to Walmart on Sunday afternoons
Went rogue at Walmart tonight and strayed way off my list. These are exciting times.
Ya MCM Plans To Buy Non-Name Brand TVs From Walmart On Black Friday For  99. It's HD Tho..
Enter to win a  100 Walmart gift card!  giveaway Ends 11/30 
 Walmart I ordered it online
I got to get the hell out of Walmart like FRFR!
Lost my girlfriend in Walmart sos
since ive been sleeping all day im not gnna be able to sleep tonight so i deadass went to walmart and got this LMAO 
I liked a  YouTube video GUY TRIES TO FIGHT CAM AT WALMART !!!!!
My favorite place to be on Sunday is  Walmart
"Maybe you can go to Walmart & get yourself a rotisserie chicken for thanksgiving dinner" 😑😑😑😑
Sighhhhh the Walmart struggle
Bro I'm at the check out line at Walmart and the lady in front of me looks like Delicata💀
Apparently Walmart had a plus size sale
Instead of putting away groceries, my family crumpled plastic Walmart bags into balls and played dodgeball.
 Walmart no thanks I went to target instead
 honky_crim what did you need at Walmart???
Where can I send  Tobs_Lindsey this pioneer woman clearance section at Walmart for Christmas? 
Or At Walmart In They Line For Black Friday 🤔
 Walmart hey- I bought a monster high doll for my neice and I've been waiting for a yEar
 jayjorgensen70 Hi Jay. Please contact your local Walmart store directly.
 SkolVikes4 I got one! Provided Walmart online doesn't welch on my order... She wants Owlicorn but that's nearly impossible.
I was trying to go to Walmart and my car was sliding all over the place I quickly turned around and took my ass home
 ShaheerNaqvi I saw your parents at Walmart
Chicken wings on sale at Walmart for  9. Compared to it usually at  13 I am very happy 🙃
When we were at walmart my mom told my little sister that isn't going to buy her toys than little while later she bought here a trolls toys
I'm still at Walmart... 
 TheRealRyanHiga  DavidChoiMusic walmart
Cel. Samsung Galaxy J5 SM - J500M /... Apenas R 828.99 Acesse  celular  bf2016  oferta… 
Coming to Monroe Walmart just like coming to a Family Reunion 😐😂
"And I swear if she sits across from me at dinner I'll shove the turkey up her ass" - conversations I hear at Walmart
Hanging around the little girls clothes section at Walmart. That's really fucked up Goober 
What 's on your game day menu?  Find some of my favorite recipes here-->   ad  OEP&GameDay  OldElPaso  Walmart
Republic Walmart is crazy🙃🙃
I found  10 on the ground at Walmart today so it was a pretty decent day.
Goi g to Walmart today lol I love Walmart
I just rather be able to kill my food than get some kind of processed meat from Walmart
 COMusicNut Please don't hesitate to request this or ANY item you seek in your local store. We're eager to meet your needs! -June
 RayBenenate  VicenteFoxQue Walmart; most agriculture. How many houses landscaped by ilegal workers have u sold this year?
Everyone & they mamas at Walmart I can't breef
 madikenzie8 hey im the one who honked at you in the Walmart parking lot lol
Walmart orientation is ass lmao
You gotta be some sort of stoned when going to maplewood Walmart at this time of evening
 Xenomorphica We don't import much from those countries. You want things to change? Convince Americans to stop buying cheap shit at Walmart
Me and James in Walmart 
Shopping (at  Walmart Supercenter in Alvin, TX) 
 Walmart I used online form to contact store, never heard back.
In Walmart in RH, lit af.
 jessiicale  Vman105 walmart had some good nutella
 YopYopTDS I thought that I heard somewhere that Walmart was guaranteeing stock all week.  I personally call bullshit, I didn't see any.
 Walmart Tried to get air filter at Lanoka Harbor, NJ. Your selectors don't work, no guide. Disappointed as I shop… 
 glowingleafy the one that's banned from Walmart?
Im bout to leave this Walmart shit 😑
wanna go to walmart get some snacks and stuff .. and watch movies
 shes_a_gdb  rhythmsextion i'll never forget the Walmart welcome committee when i was last at that airport
 kwanzaaproject  VoteNov2016 Because Walmart screws small towns and businesses over and pushes race to the bottom mentality
I hate Walmart
 Walmart Brings  Blockchain To The Grocery Store  - via  Shareaholic
baby everybody & they mama in walmart rn
 _kydollasigns walmart lmbo so huge
Some nigga was calling me travis scott at walmart
 yvonne7880  coachpatton40  BwoodBucs  BrazoswoodHoops try academy or Walmart
 BradMcElroy1  J2_0 Less hours again was something Walmart started s they wouldn't have to give benefits. Employers decide pay, not the Pres
Going to Walmart turns into a mini hs reunion lol
im in a bad mood & this bitch at walmart told me adriel couldnt get on the skateboard when he wasnt even on it.
There is no store I hate more than the Brownsville Walmart. They have no pita bread and people trying to fight
YALL THERE IS A FIRE IN WALMART OMG
The amount of trips I make to Walmart is unreal.
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
DC Universe Classics Wave 10 Beast Boy Imperiex Series Walmart Exclusive 
Great service  mrlube attached to  Walmart here in Sherwood Park. These guys are awesome!
 lilypad1818  MaryJeurissen  Laurie_Lynn_  mollytheshihtz  westcoastgina Buy 2 sizes Walmart Winners pet stores will you return
Well that Walmart run was cut super short 😂
walmart>target
we need a 24/7 walmart smh
 lyonhu7  Smith1996Sam  sted32 "Walmart does a bang-up job."
Top DreamWorks Trolls Gift Picks from Walmart – Get 20% Off  TrollsatWM via  StacieInAtlanta 
. StacieinAtlanta Top DreamWorks Trolls Gift Picks from Walmart – Get 20% Off  TrollsatWM 
Top DreamWorks Trolls Gift Picks from Walmart – Get 20% Off  TrollsatWM 
This town I'm in has the smallest Walmart I've ever seen in my life
Top DreamWorks Trolls Gift Picks from Walmart – Get 20% Off  TrollsatWM by  stacieinatlanta 
 SenSchumer Walmart got in crying towels with Hillary's picture, why don't you go & buy some for you & you're Colleges.
Benji said Walmart version of Cal 😭😭😭😭😭😭
A great big THANK YOU to the Walmart Community Grants Team and Facility   1218 for your support! It is greatly... 
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I'm so glad I don't have to go food shopping for thanksgiving... Walmart is packed
"You can hear my lips crack..listen, Mom"- kid behind me at Walmart 😂😂😂
Walmart Strikes Once Again. WTF Things That You Only See At Walmart 
 Walmart Brings  Blockchain To The Grocery Store  via  rightrelevance thanks  bitcoinagile
it's so easy to walk out of walmart carrying my items without a bag : )
 Benjamin6Button Lmao Walmart version what's wrong with u. BUT they said he had some shit tho
I swear I just seen a monkey running down the aisles of this Walmart
When we ran from that guy at Walmart 💀 
This grown man walked up to in Walmart and said I have a very "vampy" look to me ... uhhh thx
Are you a health plan pro? Find out and enter to win (2)  100 Walmart gift cards and more! 2 winners total. 
The lack of holiday socks at Walmart is disappointing😑
Walmart makes my skin crawl
 FatGibbs Clips just lost to tha Walmart version of Cal...why u wanna see Clips again.
Walmart: Ergonomic Mesh Computer Chair only  54.94 Shipped (Reg.  149.95) 
Top DreamWorks  Trolls Gift Picks from  Walmart – Get 20% Off  TrollsatWM  ad  TrollsMovie… 
I need to go to Walmart but I don't wanna go because I always pick up everything but the right thing. 😂
Do y'all be still Walmart shit when y'all go threw self check out??? Lol
yo Walmart got chicken ??? for 5.99?? 
I've been preparing myself for about 10 minutes just to get out of the car at Walmart 😂 like its 36° out..... I don't do cold.
 moonbabi9 Walmart always makes me think of wintergreen sweets. And buying frozen bait for fishing!
Walmart, Target, Best Buy roll out Black Friday deals -
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Colorado Springs, CO 
 tx_sweetheart21 Walmart has some good face washes
I'm behind a coupon lady at Walmart...
Massive haul at Walmart! I probably won't do an opening video cuz I'm at my grandpa's and they'll think I'm insane… 
Enter to win a Sparkling Xmas Wreath by & a Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways booklove101 
I finessed IW Legacy Edition for  60 new from walmart lmao
 key_luhhhhh i don't remember if walmart had any or not, i only noticed christmas outfits
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  CricketRewards Download today!  
We go to the Walmart I say damn I forgot my 🔫 son say daddy u don't need that out here, nobody trippin way out... 
 Best  Toys Iron Man Marvel Legends  Avengers Walmart exclusive 6" inch Hasbro movie  Figure… 
So I Googled to see where I could have an 8×20 printed and mounted. Is Walmart worth using?  danthompson_TN  saulyoung
Walking in Walmart and these guys behind me were like:
"Damn bro. Look at her.. she killin' the game in sweatpants." 
Thx fam 😛
There's a pop-up film display box at the nearby Walmart that has John Wick and Paddington Bear on the same header.  TheTeamupWeDeserve
 KhabiJenkins Please call our Global Ethics Hotline at 800-963-844 so we can address your concerns. Thanks! -Hal
MY PHONE IS AT 1%. WALMART AND SHITKO BOTH ARE OUT OF STOCK OF PKMN MOON. BEST BUY TIME.
I MAY HAVE TO DRIVE 20MIN NORTH
Bouta be stupid when you see them taxes pop up coppin from Walmart.
 XboxQwik Hey  Walmart make the TV part of the bundle a little bigger, couple options, 65 or 70 inch and you've got a buyer.
Watching Chopped Junior while eating the bagged salad I bought at Walmart makes me feel super inadequate
target or walmart
Shopping for Angel Tree items (at  walmart) — 
When the lines at Walmart are each 10 people deep and you start thinking about how you could get by without groceries this week
 thejessicamarie  50 at walmart
 Walmart When will you have another restock of the  NintendoAmerica NES Classic?
I remember this scent from like 10yrs ago lol I saw it today at Walmart completely in a n... 
Oooooooh, I got my hands on the Black Friday ads for Walmart and I see a lot of good games on sale
 RWWOfficialPage  BreakingGlassPx  FightValleyFilm  Iam360WISE  MikeyRukus any discount for like Walmart??
 sueczekala You absolutely come first as our customer, Sue! Were you able to let your local store know about your concerns? -June
I'm supposed to be taking this girl to Walmart but I'm stuck on this yonce concert
Its Crazy How I See Hellas Hoes At Work Everyday 😂😂😂 Y'all Want Some Bitches Come To Walmart
Only    walmart can you get some good ole  bushesbakedbeans with your favorite top in… 
Went to Walmart for hamburger meat..came home with a gun case,camo toboggan(pony tail holder), wrapping paper,candle,&Christmas tree cakes..
Me and Markie just got hella judged for wildin out in the parking lot of Walmart to 99 red balloons
My dad just called me and read off every type of makeup remover at Walmart for 8 minutes, even though I told him to just pick one
Sun set webb city Wal-Mart 4:47pm   Walmart Webb City 
We gotta go to walmart to get snackss!!
 leahtvrner o honey....that's ur problem. walmart is a complete cesspool
People watching at Walmart will always be an all time favorite of mine
I need to go to Walmart.
I be in Walmart everyday it's like my second home
If Trump puts tariffs on Chinese goods  Walmart will scream unfair & he'll reduce their tax rate to 0(means we'll pay them)or remove tariffs
😂 got on this boy sof hoodie all in walmart
aw I feel bad for the old guy that got hit in walmart parking lot 😕😔
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
Been at the mall and Walmart all day
 Stayshnicole cardio definitely didnt happen. The most I've done is go to Walmart haha
"Come to Walmart w me, I need pillowcases and marshmallows"
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart this one.... right Grace? 
On my way to Walmart
Want a dessert for Thanksgiving that is not pumpkin?  BakingWithBetty  ad... by  DiscoverSelf via  c0nvey
feel like i go to walmart every day
I hate going to Walmart. Definitely about to start ordering my groceries and sh*t online 😁...for real
Oh my if I only needed another TV!  

Walmart has the Samsung 50" HD LED TV on the Pre-Black Friday Sale for just... 
 BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats I love giving cookies as gifts!  ad 
 RafaelValadez4 this is the extra song on Walmart EP 
Walmart run with bae.
Not to sexualize kids but  Tim and Alexander look like the jesc2016 (aka Walmart) version of Lina and Misha here 
Walmart...keeping it classy.....as if I needed another reason not to shop there.... 
my mom sent me to Walmart specifically for platanos, I'm lit lol
I just got  FindingDory for  15 at Walmart & a minion stuffed animal  MerryChristmas
Just posted a video   Walmart Orlando - S John Young Pkwy 
 usa_walmart  how Can I chat online with walmart
I'm finna go fuck Walmart up when daedae go to work 💯
 xkarinaruiz the nyc liquid liner. Its like  2.99   Walmart babe!
when you take a trip to walmart, find liquor in the van, & accidentally get turnt. oops.
Walmart in North Carolina is fuckin weird
 OMGitsAliA found these at Walmart a few hours ago thought you would like them 
 electricluster xqs u I've been sitting in Walmart waiting on my pictures to be printed for an hour. I know what I'm talking about.
I just sent Killebrew a  25.00 gift card from Walmart. Great Game Today!
 BayWal SHOW ME!! I only raided the men's at Walmart, not Target.
Thanks Walmart
Forget self-help junk at Walmart and Chapters, get better at winning: 
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Happy  Meal®  +  medium  coffee - Save  0.75 on Any  Happy  Meal® and  medium... 
Who knew walking into Walmart was like going to a pajama party.  When did it become acceptable to wear pjs in public
Been feeling like crap all weekend and this employee at Walmart just made me feel great again ☺️💕
my local walmart doesnt have a single copy of pkmn sun or moon
so my sister put tape in my hair & i didn't know until i was leaving the checkout at walmart & the cashier took it out of my hair. why.
How you going to sell an item bottle  Walmart
Job well done to Officers Mark Fiser & Jonathan Rodgers. Officers handed out nearly 20 turkeys at a nearby Walmart!… 
No one wants to go to Walmart with me but I just want someone to go cause I get overwhelmed when I go 😞 lol
Walmart swear they don't need no more people but it's barely any lanes open in this MF!
I'm literally going to Walmart  JUST to get snacks for  5HOnAMAs this momma to be needs the food for the show 👌🏻✨
This holiday  BakeWithBetty for some cookies & treats I love giving cookies as gifts!  ad 
Loganville I'm getting you ready at my eat and greet at Walmart 4221 Atlanta Highway.  Pull up.  ThanksgivingTour 😋 MeetAndGreet  Eat&Greet😆
 BrunoMars  hey mr mars, i just went to walmart and bought ur cd i cant wait to hear it gona play it to myself now, still lv u lv sylvia lv
Walked around Walmart like a zombie
 RepenningRyan If it is an in-store purchase, the cash office can give you a copy of your receipt, Ryan. -June
They fooling at Walmart today 😅
This Walmart line rite now 😒😒
 Walmart awesome, now can you guys and  NintendoAmerica release more than a few a day so we can have the great gift of Nintendo?
Minus the fact that some lady at walmart stopped me in the parking lot bc she thought I stole some cereal and milk 🙂
Craig dropped off a ton of non-perishable food to Walmart! Come donate off Herndon and 168 til 5pm today. 
There's a recipe for some yummy cookies on the blog!!!  BestOfBaking  Walmart  recipe  food… 
 neonkiss Going to Walmart often has that same effect on me too
 BestBuy  Walmart When will you get more NES Minis in stock? Thanks!
 Sarapntr 

Walmart? 
😆
 Acorn_Power  JAKKStoys  nintencollect I saw three of the Red Tunic Link at my Walmart last night.
Power just went out in Walmart lol
Yeah the pain is so bad I couldn't even open my car door lol or laugh or eat or push a Walmart shopping cart lol 
Walmart bugging tryna charge 10 cents per bag, I'm holding all my shit in my hands now 😂
My walmart has made Santa a throne of coke.  santa  christmas 
I'm at  Walmart in Marlton, NJ 
WALMART 
TD Jakes, Joel Osteen, & Tom Joyner do Walmart events and I get the same VIP treatment.  Thank you for always looking out for me & AJC.💯☺️😉
Shopping at Walmart the Sunday before thanksgiving will suck the soul right out of your body.
You quickly realize you're back in Walmart when people walk out the enter door and walk in the exit door.
you know it's deer hunting season when u walk into walmart and everybody has camo on
The legend is real and it's at Walmart. 
wtf is this. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Sterling, VA) 
 JGod79  nintencollect  Yoshi1up  JAKKStoys Check the Walmart in your area.
Overheard in Walmart: "So you were just gonna sit there thinking I was doing cocaine and let me?"
The soundcloud rapper that I met in the Walmart parking lot yesterday just accepted my friend request on facebook
⒍ Brava
⒎ Guayama
⒏ Walmart
⒐ Bad Bunny
⒑ Navidad

2016/11/20 18:33 AST  trndnl 
This man haris comes into Walmart and looks at my name tag and goes "hmm Halim is that middle eastern or something" 😂 jebem ti mjesanu picku
 vacercas the one by Walmart does good brows, but make sure you get the older lady she's pro
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Crazy thing is I went to Walmart 1st
I'M GOING TO SHOVE A FIVE FOOT DILDO UP WALMART'S ASS
 JimNorton  iamcolinquinn Are you in a Walmart? Jesus Titty Licking Christ they play the same shit everywhere.
It'd be kinda funny if they did a back story on Negan and he was some kindergarten teacher or Walmart Manager.
Let me git up n take my azz to Walmart...Dat Grape Ape be shuttin me all da way down lol
 AyeeBoneBihh to Walmart we go? 👀
My wife asked if I wanted to go to Walmart with her 
Walmart Black Friday: What’s The Psychology Behind This Frenzy By Shoppers To Find Black Friday Bargains? -… 
 RafaelValadez4  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart the bonus track is only on the Walmart sales 😊
[10572] Duplo - LEGO® DUPLO® All-in-One-Box-of-Fun is on sale for  14.99 (50% off from reg. 29.99) 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Springfield, MO 
Going to Walmart today actually made me hate people. Ugh.
Fuck EVERYONE who decided to shop at walmart today (including me)
Gift Ideas: Find  wonderforge  StickStack  Target and  DrSeuss  WhirlyFun  Walmart!  WonderForge  AD 
Why does it smell like straight onions in this Walmart ? It smells like who did it and why 😭
Walmart stays packed.
He boot too big for he gotdamn feet | 📸: remdaddy   Walmart 
Btw I was in Walmart for 40 mins for 3 items smh 🙄
My heart got happy when I saw  megannss at Walmart😢
I'll gladly pay whatever more it costs to shop at Target & consider it a convenience fee for not having to deal with the riffraff at Walmart
DONT WORK AT WALMART UNLESS YOU WANNA DEVELOP AN ATTITUDE 😤😤
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
 BoredmanDA i wanted sun actually but walmart ran out
 HabboLiiH  Habbo en walmart
Check out  Walmart price gouging on the new  Nintendo y'all are pretty shady 
 ArcTanSusan Does this help? “The Walmart brand ones have always lasted a long time for us…” 
WalMart coming through 👌 
I have been at WalMart everyday this past week
 BradMcElroy1  J2_0 That shit started with Walmart 30 years ago. 12 million jobs created since 2008, a bit better then the previous 8 years.
 DeyNoFunny  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
 TinyNue  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
So i go into walmart and see coming soon sign with a picture of  kanebrown on it for his cd cant wait :)
 tintedr0se u can get it from walmart 😭😭😭😭 i think other stored have it too tho
She did not bake that pie. A walmart employee did
 adamgethin what’s that jacket Walmart?
Lauren said we were going to Walmart so I could get Madden and she took me to Albertsons... long story short I'm single now
 frenchbaguettte Target is out but you can see if Walmart has this brand. 
Walmart Strikes Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
 demeatloaf I haven't been to a big lots in over a decade. Why would someone go there instead of Walmart? Furniture?
U kno what dey should sell at walmart... 
Everytime I come in Walmart 😎
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? Pay Pal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 11/30/16 
 Walmart ID'd me because I was standing near my dad while he was buying alcohol 🙄 like what the heck I'm not purchasing any
 mrsholland_ never. Blame the buggy from Walmart 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in North Bergen, NJ 
 emmaktrigg walmart has their  3 fuzzy socks in stock ;))
Went to Walmart today and saw this. 
why this chick just casually sitting on the floor in walmart..
ENTER TO WIN A  100 WALMART GIFT CARD!! 

 
Man bitten by bed bugs on Walmart scooter 
Email Marketing: Walmart's New Savings Catcher Called The Killer Ap... 
Video Of A Girl Flashing In Walmart 
ENTER TO WIN A  100 WALMART GIFT CARD!! 
 
I have to wash and go to Walmart when I get off😑
ENTER TO WIN A  100 WALMART GIFT CARD!! 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 20 Points! WOO HOO!!
walmart is poppin 😎
walmart will be the death of me 🙄
Probably just saw the finest Walmart employee of life sheesh
 mdmonk21 The price may be set by our 3rd party Marketplace Retailers. They set their own prices -Hal
 _cheyannemariex girl I wear my onesie to Walmart, have no shame
OSA: Gas is  1.81 by the Irvington walmart
all I really wanna know in life is what "code sunshine" means at Walmart 😩
I said i hate walmart & willie goes "oh yeah you're a rich bitch" boy bye🙄😂
Walking through Walmart parking lot singing "tis' the season to be freaky" some old guy stops looks at Allie and says "kids are fucked up!"
 carrlsss I'm really thinking about going to Walmart to buy one
Walmart Brings  blockchain to the Grocery Store - Geek Crunch Reviews  blockchaintechnology …
i used to love Christmas until 4 years ago when i started working at Walmart..... now i hate it... can't take this music
Walmart Brings  blockchain to the Grocery Store - Market Mad House  blockchaintechnology …
Omg  BobbieNorman17 our Walmart trips!! 😂💀💀💀 
 ShyKirSTAN Walmart sell some in the candy Aisle during this time of year.
 Pinback  Bobble Green  Batman DC  Funko Pint Size Mini Walmart Exclusive  Store  Mall
 ItsFoodPorn CHOCOLATE CHIP CAKE LOOKS GOOD WHEN I GET SOME MONEY I GOING TO WALMART TO BUY SOME SOFT CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES
 Best  Toys Marvel Universe  Avengers Walmart Exclusive Hulk Loose Mint 3.75 Inches  Gifts 
You know you're from New York when you accidentally call Walmart walbaum's
I need to get up and go to Walmart, but my feet hurt too bad to even go.
5 bucks each in the Walmart clearance dvd section BITCH 
Walmart cashiers must get awarded for the most bags given out. I got 57 items and must've winded up with like 72 bags!
*steps up to stage at bar's Open Mic Night*
Hi, I'm gonna read to you from my newest spoken-word piece titled "Sexting at Walmart"
This Week’s Best Deals: Free Chipotle Burritos, Big Sales at REI & Walmart – Money Magazine 
Walmart Brings  blockchain to the Grocery Store - Geek Crunch Reviews  blockchaintechnology … 
Mississippians really need to pay attention to this. Our working families simply cannot afford to shoulder more... 
Walmart Brings  blockchain to the Grocery Store - Market Mad House  blockchaintechnology 
Wow, walmart snow mountain ppl... its real out here bitches 
So yesterday I ran through Walmart with this on and ppl laughed at me :) 
anybody going to walmart black friday? let me know. i only want one item. thanks
 peelingjustin  ASummerHigh 😂😂😂😂omg the gucci vs walmart tho
Just saw a sign at Walmart that said "now hiring all positions.  11.50 an hour!"

YEAH RIGHT
i love nickelodeon costco walmart — Daddy  
i'm down for walmart 😂 
asked danielle if she wanted to go get frozen yogurt. little does she know we also have to go to ultra and walmart 😈
Walmart on a Sunday afternoon is the most miserable experience I have ever encountered
 AlgeaFish I couldn't find the noodles you recommended to me at Walmart so I ended up buying the bowl ramen instead since I haven't tried it
Walmart Brings  blockchain to the Grocery Store - Geek Crunch Reviews  blockchaintechnology 
Walmart Brings Blockchain to the Grocery Store 
 Slickwillie1480 We heard your feedback. Did you also share with our store mgt while there? -Hal
 KrisParonto  sassylassee  sophietheallet Haha.. next stop Walmart for designer.
Never try to return anything to Walmart 🙄
I lost my mom in Walmart😧😅
Justin Herbert is at Walmart lol
I'm at  Walmart in Wyomissing, PA 
Nothing like eating shit in walmart tripping over your own foot and having your mom laugh at you :-)
Hate Walmart
I hate walmart. Why only 7 cashier's open...why
I've been binge watching Harry Potter all weekend. I only stopped for two hours to go to Walmart
Special offer!  bpi_sports is having an incredible deal on  bestaminos    Walmart! Here is a  5… 
Salvation Army bell ringing on December 2 & 3, from 11 am - 3 pm at the Ozark Walmart.
We got one ! (at  Walmart Supercenter in Stafford, TX) 
She said girl you know how people at Walmart be having their light off but they be open 😂😂😂😂 all along she talking about the cashier !
Walmart power went out 😭😭
 ogbijou if you go to the vitamin section at Walmart they have some pills that say hair growth/ gummies
at Walmart n I just saw the sub that didn't save me when I was choking, I WANNA CHOKE HIM
My momma so messy , she in Walmart acting like she talking to me but really talking about the cashier ! 😂😂😂😂
I just entered to win a  165 Walmart gift card! You can enter here:
shawn mcardle spotting at walmart in collier. homies shoppin for a christmas tree  tistheseason  amirite
Probably gonna end up on people of Walmart because I actually look like trash right now 😂
Walked in Walmart and grabbed honey nut cheerios, cranberry juice, and  Tostitos 😍😍😍😍. No sweets for me. 
Walmart was a madhouse
My 3 places would be:

Target
Grocery store
Walmart 
bitches fucking me in beat up toms and a walmart bath robe 
[Walmart] 1TB Xbox One S + Gears of War 4 + Star Wars Battlefront + Blu-ray + Generic Wire… 
 _NonSequitur_ Click on Shipping Options at for info on when it will arrive. -June
For all you kids who have baby fever... go to Walmart&see how much a box of diapers cost. I buy diapers three times a month. You do the math
Christmas cookies with a hug!  BestOfBaking  walmart  momblogger  cookie  Christmas  blogger  recipe  food
Sorry I'm on edge I went to Walmart
BILL CRAWFORD: More taxes for rank and file, less for wealthy and Walmart…  GardenCity
Speaking of societal ills caused by that dastardly villain Willie Lynch the local Walmart is already low on Pattie Pies 😡
 paullydoughnutz Some items sold on our website are from 3rd party Marketplace Retailers. They set their own prices. -Hal
 sammmidd Walmart?
What’s on your  OEP&GameDay Menu? Check out my new FUN recipe  ontheblog starring  oldelpaso &  Walmart  AD 
Walmart's French Bread makes me happy 😍😋
 GabbbbbbbbyGRB  Walmart lucky
Let me tell y'all how I'm a forgetful piece of shit saw  BKbaybay in Walmart didn't even recognize her she wasn't having it
 _LoveeeJazz hey Hunny wyd? Are you home? Wanna ride with me to Walmart to pick up somethings for this project?😊😊
Walmart on Columbia drive hiring
seriously craving a cold apple juice and guess what walmart doesn't have 🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂
The checkout guy at Walmart held up my foundation & told me I didn't need it that I had natural beauty as my face is caked with makeup 😅😂
I liked a  YouTube video You know you are at Walmart when...
My mom and I just got in a fight over a bottle of wine in Walmart and were both crying from laughing so hard 🙈😂
I got a  10 Roblox card at  Walmart today.
 dfwhomeadvisor Glad you enjoy our services! Thanks for shopping with us. -Hal
Never going to Walmart for an oil change again! 2 hours and I was only car
literally just saw someone buy 25+ gallons of water at walmart
 amjay718 1 of favorite things 2 do   Walmart is walk the clearance aisle & see the same thing for same    for months waiting 4 it 2 change.
I seriously need to get to Walmart 😓
somebody told me that i would be cute if i was a stud today in WalMart😂
 Walmart how u charge 496.99 for this 
 FoxNews if I want a gun that takes batteries, I'll pick one up in the toy isle at Walmart...🙄
 RenegadesMel they are the cheapest at walmart and you can get free shipping  over  45.
The enforcement targeting shoplifters was a collaboration between Walmart and police. 
 jordan_malone15 cookies are on isle 4 at Walmart❤️
 aimsacit should have told him you know a guy that bought a windbreaker at Walmart 😂 and that shit looks dope
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Sulphur, LA 
I'll be making this Baklava  recipe for the  holiday.  ad  baklava  walmart... by  BabySavers via  c0nvey
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats!  ad 
Mom called me boujee just because I rather wear Nike brand in workout clothes vs Walmart lmao.
 Walmart can u say ripoff it's 59.99 u guys wanna be eBay and  ripoff people 
 Roscoe_Inglish I just seen Walmart starting at 6 smh
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Mishawaka, IN 
 Monse_15 LG some shit from walmart
 purpleb0ttle I saw a 20 year old white dude stealing egg nog from Walmart couple days ago
The strange souvenir is for sale in the second island alola 
At walmart
Nothing like calling my dad almost crying from the Walmart parking lot because I've never drove in winter before and know nothing about cars
Me when I crossed to go to Walmart when there was cars coming🌚🌚 
Ohmygod these people in Walmart right now I can't even.
 JordinSparks I was on a road trip to Colorado from TX for Thxgiving, made my parents stop at a DESOLATE Walmart so I could buy it! 😂
smells like dank in the Walmart parking lot
 Walmart's Pre-Black Friday commercials should just show footage of the running of the bulls
11. CLAUDE FAUSTUS 
WALMART SEBoeingSTIAN FUCK OUTTA HERE WITH YOUR SPIDER ASS alois deserved better 
 Loganville get to  Walmart 4221  Atlanta Highway NOW!  MeetAndGreet 🔥🎉🔥👈🏾😆🤑🏀🎙📻😎💯 
Just watched a walmart commercial that said "Get up for Black Friday! (starts Thursday)"
Saw a neo nazi at Walmart... yes shame on me I went to Walmart... anyways I peeped his tats n that lead to a... 
 Cristi622 We would have been better of going to Target, or Walmart and we would already have the CD!!!!
I liked a  YouTube video from  mccruddenm WALMART - Before They Were Famous
Walmart Black Friday: What's The Psychology Behind This Frenzy By Shoppers To Find Black Friday Bargains? - The… 
Why am I still being pulled into stuff at Walmart? I haven't worked there in almost two years.
i went to return my grandmothers soap   walmart and the dumb bitches couldn't refund the order until a manger came out 🙄🙄
Why is it you never see a Santa Clause in Walmart
Hah I'm broke we are going to Walmart and back 
A  redneck girl in the  Walmart parking lot,  twerking in skin-tight jeans.  peopleinmyneighborhood
*at Walmart*
Mom: "He's wearing Prescott. He probably got it from the pulga." 

😂😭💀
Dear  walmart,

Fuck you. 

-Everyone.
Justin bieber cake toppers walmart r studio data recovery download crack 16 Foods You Didn't Know Could Kill You. Java database ...
Y'all! Walmart has my book! (Purchases made through have a portion go to Christian... 
So, who is the genius that thought it would;be wise to put the back-pain meds on the iotwom shelf at Walmart?
Walmart giving away sum bomb ass stuffing samples 😂😂
Oh gawd! I'm in the parking lot of Walmart and I look to my left and made eye contact with some guy and he smiled like wtf guy nooooo 😳💀
 _mamalana  kristenmmaree welp looks like I'm deleting my babies r us registry and switching to Walmart lol
I'm driving one of those electric carts at Walmart and I swear if one more person cuts me off I'm taking out their shins!
Looks like WalMart with all the junk in the isles! 
 scottwardadd Word. They only had Moon at Walmart when I went today. Think I'm gonna buy Sun from the eShop.
 LindseyStirling  RosannaPansino I was walking around  walmart & saw this cap! You like? 
Dear whoever owns that corgi in that dodge dart at walmart, let me have your corgis' puppies. Pls.
It reeks of weed in Walmart 😂
I FOUND THE PSYCHO PASS MOVIE AT WALMART AND GUESS WHAT I BOUGHT IT
Walmart Black Friday: What’s The Psychology Behind This Frenzy By Shoppers To Find Black Friday Bargains?… 
 oneshapg  1942bs girl all i said was she still looked good and you got them walmart 5 pack panties in a twist sit the fuck down.
Germany anti walmart country 
Is it like a thing that everyone in a Walmart bathroom has explosive diarrhea
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart rats! Already pre-ordered on Amazon! Will have to switch that!
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Hemet, CA 
Got Marley and Jace their Furreal friends...  Glad I went out today cause they were out of stock everywhere but 1 Walmart 😰😰
I hate walmart.
 Walmart is my true home, my one and only. 
I'll save grocery shopping for tomorrow. Walmart as soon as my vacuum arrives from ordering online.
 Target wifi down. No cartwheel doscounts. Off to walmart i go
Think I'm ready just start Christmas shopping since I'm in Walmart😢
 ItsAracelyyy_  _gabsss25  ashleybxx101 I saw Ashley at Walmart. I was gonna speak but I saw her facial expressions lol
met some angels today outside of walmart 
Walmart throwdown!! Keep your eye out for the headbutt! 
You shop at Walmart — We don't even have them here.  
i love the bowman walmart.
jordan looks   me out of dead silence and says "Walmart Tire & Lube" with this crack ass smile. excuse me what ?
Thanks for the cash donation! You can donate cash or non-perishable food, too. We're at Walmart off Herndon and... 
 tikasmom Oh god, so true! I have had such frustration on that one! I once went into a Walmart to get a game and it was inside a case-
 jaaazzziiii always makes me smile when I go to Walmart omg I love her!! 😂💀
 SaraIsNotSoFab  markiplier I WISH I COULD.  GO TO YOUR NEAREST WALMART XD 

is  5 shhhhhh 😂😂
 Walmart my 2 fish died. I want a refund
Suspect sought in Walmart bank robbery - The Baytown Sun -=-
I hate being in Walmart 🙄🙄 I get cold asf & be ready to go 😂
Walmart is always rlly good for Pokémon go. Caught a kadabra, koffing and wartortle
Walmart and flying j 
 youlovearai they get ugly in Walmart 😭
 jacksfilms I think I found a fan of yours at Walmart. 
I'm grateful for this day of rest. I'm going to relax mostly after a busy week at my Walmart store. My prayer is for peace, grace, healing.
I fucking hate coming to Walmart during the holidays bdjska
 NotNamedErik Went to a WalMart for the first time in years after living the Target Life and, boy, do I appreciate Target more now
 GhostwritaMusic niggas saying he hand picked the buttons...i can do that at walmart for  1.92
i forgot the lines at walmart on sunday afternoons are always huge and only like two registers are ever open, rip
I haven't had spinach I years, I think I want some next time I go to Walmart..
Biggest walmart I've ever seen so far in my life here In South Carolina omg the mother load of all
My fine favorite cop came to Walmart today 😍😋
Me and my friend chasing  MissTaxidermy all over Walmart because we wouldn't let her look at the xmas stuff smh
Samsung 4K TV + Xbox One S 1TB GOW4 Bundle + Choice of Game + Wired Controller from  597 at Walmart:… 
Karaoke shopping (at  Walmart Supercenter in Tucson, AZ) 
 BaptisteTavis they are so popular that you can buy them and make them yourself at Walmart. You can't buy Wendy fries at Walmart
As a simi adult I despise Walmart
Ppl at Walmart are ACTUALLY working for once
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Cedar Falls, IA 
WATCH: Walmart customer flips out and headbutts employee! 
 Iamleechylee they gone be on sale Black Friday at Walmart
Walmart Black Friday: What’s The Psychology Behind This Frenzy By Shoppers To Find Black… 
When ur mom loses u in Walmart 
Walked into Walmart realizing I didn't change my fuzzy slippers💁🏼
Morning, noon or night, these Sticky Pecan Mini-Buns are a delight!  ad 
 recipe  walmart… 
. Kristyy and I don't take enough photos, so we took one at Walmart 
 ChelseaT_Smith excuse me Walmart 😭😭😭😭
This Week's Unadvertised Walmart Deals! 
 21GiOSTREET they got chipotle in Walmart now ... o.o Huh ..
Borden Cheese Just  0.92 At Walmart! 
At  Walmart & the cashier sees my total and says "You need a food stamp hookup"
 briimatosko found this one I like the one in the pic better tho
Simply Orange Just  2.58 At Walmart! 
Stacking savings on my favorite snack today at Walmart and you can too!  Ad  snackandsave 
I hope someone accidently pulls the fire alarm at my job at walmart on Columbus blvd so I can spend the rest of my shirt chillin 🙄
I'm at Walmart looking like a 2¢ bag of trash and I cannot be bothered to give even one fuck.
 OrangeChuck oh yeah! They are pretty expensive, I'd wait till like target or Walmart has there Christmas sales and then buy it!
Find your  Earth_Balance favorites at  Walmart and enter to  win a  500  giftcard to  GoPlantMade!  giveaway 
 MarisaHoran113 I did this at Walmart yesterday & got the weirdest looks 😂😫
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Colonial Heights, VA 
"walhart smells either like blood and metal OR the inside of a walmart there is no in between"
Modeling my Walmart outfit. Don't sleep on Walmart this fit comfortable af 👌🏾👌🏾👌🏾
Me:Help me understand...Check clearly says CASH   UnitedBank,Walmart,Money Gram,or AceCheckCashing⁉️
Walmart is retarded
 PostCultRev I just want someone to get in a fist fight in a suburban Walmart in order to me a doll with an oversized head
My dearest  Target, when did I lose you? You now feel and look like an ugly walmart.  overstock  understock  unsafeforkids
 jamaicankvng1 when u pulled up lol we was finna fuck walmart up bra
 QueenReading Were you able to get assistance or can we assist you? -Pia
*Enters Walmart*
*Large man with VERY hairy chest is walking around with his shirt unbuttoned halfway down*
*Immediately exits Walmart*
Walmart Black Friday: What's The Psychology Behind This Frenzy By Shoppers To Find Black Friday Bargains? - The In… 
Thank you  Walmart for my Teach Tote  WalmartTeachTote  brandshareus
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Sealy, TX 
The oldest working . Walmart employee, Loren Wade of Winfield, Kan., has passed away at the age of 104. 
When your grandma asks you what you need from Walmart because she's there so you give her a list of about  50 and she gets it all ❤️❤️❤️
Plenty of redbull and monster at Walmart checkout but where's the damn Muscle milk!!
 josueaguilera_ more like Walmart mix tapes
Like you go into Gamestop or Walmart and they're still full on Sun&Moon like maybe 2 whole people reserved copies & nobody else bought any.
 XoAnnaaa I think there's a product that you can use to put to draw the color out of clothes that was damaged that way   Walmart lol 🤔
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart Done!!! It will arrive on my Birthday.
Walmart , since they got everything😂 
 Walmart anytime, June!
 Walmart Their whole shelf was stocked with the new hotwheels, so I guess no one was allowed to buy any of them.
for a Walmart version of me yikes I am praying for your DUMBoeingSS
Just got back home from Walmart for babes lunch meat and stuff and home depot for a tub spout! Yay! I can take a shower now! 🍻  cheers
Cryptic spotted at local Walmart 
I bought a discount pecan pie at Walmart today... I know why it's discounted 🙃
Wow, Walmart are not fucking around. 
 kailshire06 Super cute photo! Thanks for sharing your  holiday enthusiasm with us! -June
It's  Thanksgiving week! Check out these 10 hacks for a stress-free holiday!  gamechanger  Walmart  ad  foodblogger… 
trying to walk down the baking aisle in Walmart rn is like a maze where every move u make there's a wall
So we going to Walmart on Black Friday at midnight Ima have to wear my old field boots it may get ugly
I pull up to Walmart and this Mexican lady blacking on this black dude for taking a parking spot
Walmart Black Friday: What’s The Psychology Behind This Frenzy By Shoppers To Find Black Friday Bargains? via Dani…
 Deal : [Walmart] 1TB Xbox One S + Gears of War 4 + Star Wars Battlefront + Blu-ray + Gene… 
In Doug news, my dad now has a favorite cashier at Walmart. Apparently, she scans items "like a machine."
👍"Top 13" Tips for FREE Overnight RV Parking at WALMART via  YouTube
 Walmart Mgmt wouldn't even speak with me. They just sent the cashier to tell me that I couldn't buy the Hotwheels.
Night Time Walmart  dreams  dreamjournal
Walmart Money Card 
Saw a dude at Walmart wearing potara earrings and almost chocked on my straw
Does anyone have a Black Friday sale for bleach so I can kill myself?  Target  Walmart  amazon
Too many people at Walmart right now.. I'm gonna need a drink or 6 after I leave this place 😭
 Walmart Black Friday: What’s The Psychology Behind This Frenzy By Shoppers To Find Black… 
Get a 50"4K HDR Samsung TV, Xbox One S 1TB, Your Choice of Game or 4k UltraHD Movie + Controller for  777… 
Like how come Walmart you can return without a receipt but baby's r us can't?! I know it was bought here 😒
Self check out in Walmart ran out of bills so it gave me  5 in change. That pretty much sums up how the rest of my day went.
I'm at i hate walmart in Muscle Shoals, AL 
So when tf did Walmart start selling Jordan's? 😳🤔🤔🤔😩   Bronzeville,… 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Muscle Shoals, AL 
I'm loving this  recipe for No-Bake Peanut Butter Bars  ad 
 PioneerWoman  walmart  dessert… 
Q&A: How to VAN / RV CAMP at the WALMART ? via  YouTube
 Walmart no. Waterloo, IA store. They said, "don't come here looking for new releases, they don't get put out right away." Bought   Target.
After walking around Walmart on a Sunday afternoon, I think I finished putting together my Christmas list… Xanax... 
 JohnKStahlUSA  DineshDSouza Thank goodness. Target and Walmart must be sad that they won't be able to dress the first lady anymore.
 bncjdns I have no idea, if Walmart doesn't have it, I doubt target does
These Walmart lines so long man
i bought this candle at walmart and it's such a good quality candle it was  5 
 joebonsall  Walmart It's true Joe - I work there on that night!
WALMART HAS SOFT FUZZY CHRISTMAS ONESIES
Santa Claus at WALMART  christmas  happynewyear  santaclaus 
Walmart got better wifi than SAE
37 trips to Walmart and Dollar Tree later....Done. 🍬🍭🍥🍡
I don't usually buy supermarket magazines, but I bought this from Walmart to see the main cover story for myself. 
Photo shoot in Walmart with the iPhone 7 camera ft Bill. 
 Jwblu084 We do our best to get back to all applicants. Did you reach out to our careers team at  yet? -Hal
walmart sucks
I LOVE WALMART 
 bncjdns the Walmart here doesn't have them anymore :(
 thtgirllaurenn look at walmart lol they have some real ugly ones 😂
Bruh they putting black friday tape down already in walmart 😂😂😂
Ill take a real walmart outfit over a fake gucci fit anyday
Athens Walmart still has the most interesting people in the world
 stuartpstevens  dandrezner  WSJ is Trump going to subsidize people that shop at Walmart?  They just got a 35% tax increase. Midterm sweep.
One time my brother held my arms and legs and tripped me in the cement tile section at Walmart and broke my nose on… 
 missbmonet Sorry for the long wait. How was the rest of your shopping trip? Did you find everything you needed? -Pia
 KittyHipoint Then stop taking our middle class jobs if that's what you believe.  Here it's the mines or Walmart.
Julie; "I like any slip on shoes"
Me; "Alright sketchers it is"
Jocelyn; "I like slippers"
Me; "Only slippers u gonna get is from Walmart" 💀
Just finished running errands. Wasn't too bad at Walmart lol
Walmart was just ridiculous I hate that store !
walmart joining the hype 
 YoanaVega10 I hope so:)  I know I boycott many companies...Walmart 4 one. We have huge power as a group when we boycott:) Education is key
Walmart Toy Sale ~ Up to 40% Off Today Only! 
Facebook Remarketing | How and Walmart Legally Stalk You on Facebook?  -  marketing  smm
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Freehold, NJ 
5 Arrested At Suisun City Walmart During Shoplifting Operation 
Walmart is the 😈
me and mia at walmart lmao 
I like when WalMart customer service is busy. The workers rush and don't notice they gettin finessed
 JerryInDFW  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart  thanks 😊
Working pretty  americasmovienetwork  cobbvillage12cinemas  walmart  clinique  revlon… 
Literally just need to go to food lion or Walmart
 OakleyColleen Did you speak with our store mgt yet? Thanks for asking! -Hal
ME AND  avatakeova AT THE CLUB AKA WALMART IN THE STEEL YARD 🤔😒😒😒😒😤😧😬 smh 
Units going to Walmart in Henrietta. Rptd veh off the road hit a pole & is on its side  roc  henrietta
This guy had the nerve to ask me if I work at Walmart when this nigga see me wearing the Walmart vest. So I tell him no lmao
B is so fake tryna act like she not high in walmart😂
 krysty__v but yeah waking to walgreens. almost as good as sleeping in target, or napping at walmart.
 WalMart test  blockchain for  foodsafety  FoodTEch  CP&G  suppychain  SCM  FinTech  AgTech 
Came to walmart just for a patti pie.. I'm fat? I know smh
No matter what you go into Walmart for you end up spending damn near 100 🤔😒
*at Walmart*
me: excuse me
employee: sun or moon
me: ....moon please
 JohnKStahlUSA  DineshDSouza OMG this is funny. Ugly outfits could have done better at Walmart
Also totally got mistaken for a girl at Walmart with  Indiefoxtail and it was great
I received  25 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Usually only Walmart sells pre-thanksgiving Christmas cheer, but now the weather is too, smh..
Just walked through Walmart without noticing my pants were unzipped so that's always cool
They be trying to catch in Walmart😂 I got the juice where ever I go😛
Buddy know it's prolly a Walmart down the street right? 
 amjay718 Because it's The Walmart is why. Don't worry soon the NES Mini will be on clearance for  499.99
 Incumbents?
Market Value Nov 2008 
—Walmart  210B / Amazon  22B
Market Value Nov 2016 
—Amazon  355B / Walmart  220 —  JonErlichman
Mom and I just walked down the alcohol isle in Walmart to show eachother what we get fucked up on😅😅😅
Started my  Christmas shopping online and already got  3.91 back from  Ebates and  Walmart. So easy! 
Walmart In Eureka has more secret shoppers than real shoppers
Well still can't recognize my own car considering I just got in someone else's car at walmart...
Create the perfect canvas photo gift for your loved ones this holiday season. AD 
Walmart Black Friday Deals 11/24 – 11/25! 
 graveyardshiift Tweet me that picture of Ricky in Walmart w the boots plox it's so important
 Walmart is ridiculous for being open 6:00pm THURSDAY for Black FRIDAY! 
Happy Thanksgiving to those employees.
My mom is causing a whole scene in Walmart right now.
💲 FREE Four Monks Cleaning Vinegar at Walmart (Print Now!)
👉 deals  discounts 
 astu_miriam you should've choked in Walmart
 PaytonHerevia Go to Walmart get a  5 6 foot cord.
LOOK!  Walmart Photo has some great photo gifts that can be ready to gift in just an hour.  AD… 
 drewjs91 Sorry for the late response. Did you find the item that you're looking for? -Hal
 Alchemist_00a Oh no! We are sorry to hear this. Did you speak with mgmt to see if they could help? -Pia
So, who is the genius that thought it would;be wise to put the back-pain meds on the botwom shelf at Walmart?
This nigga in Walmart watching porn 😂 loud Asf in the break room 😂😂
my mom hit me in the head with a walmart bag that had a can of bug spray in it 
walmart
 Waldenisms you tell me how much, I'm not good with offers. They're  150 brand new at Walmart lol and I just want skate 3 and guitar hero
Awkwardly walked around Walmart with no makeup & a burn mark on my face trying to avoid seeing anyone I know🙃
Walmart Black Friday: What’s The Psychology Behind This Frenzy By Shoppers To Find Black Friday Bargains? 
Whoever turned my keys in at Walmart, I LOVE YOU 🙏🏼
Me & Quon both quit Walmart 😂
I'm pretty sure you can order it online from Walmart once they have it on their inventory. They're not taking preor… 
Nice RIPOFF  Walmart  Walmart - I hope you go bankrupt for being creedy!  WTH Upped the price  250  BoycottWalmart 😡 
Nigga white girls in Clovis are slow. This girl in Walmart said that sour cream would be located in the medicine aisle
So many questions.  Thickened  Water  WAT   Walmart Supercenter Beebe 
i wish my walmart had milani almost a year later i am Still pressed
a lady in front of me at self checkout at walmart bought 7 rotisserie chickens..i want to live in her household it seems lit
THEY COVERED FELDMANS FACE IM LAUGHING SO HARD ME TOO WALMART 
Bounce Pro 7′ My First Trampoline (Ages 3-10) Basic for Kids,  79 | Walmart 
I wore a savemart sweater to Walmart
I hope to be one of those people driving a Range Rover to Walmart one day. You know don't forget where you came from
walmart packed asf
watching  WWE  SurvivorSeries 2016 presented by  hulu  Mattel  Walmart  WWEgames 2K17 live from the… 
This time last year niggas was goin crazy over a pie in Walmart lol😂
 Deals K'Nex 70 Model 705-Piece Building Set for  18 + pickup at Walmart 
When you change your mind at Walmart. 
 DonaldTrump I was in walmart lady w/2 kids bought 118.00 of grocery, pay with welfare card, she payed 37.00 and took out 100.00 WTF.
A lady at Walmart said I look 14, but then another lady at frys called me "ma'am." WHAT IS THE TRUTH
This little kid in walmart ran into my knee today and now I'm finding it hard to walk 😊
There is always time for tacos, especially on game day!!   ad  OEP&GameDay  OldElPaso  Walmart
 Prodmgmt  Jobs  Walmart is seeking a Product Manager to join their team >> 
stopped at walmart for the bathroom. ended up giving blood 💉 
Sippin activist in walmart like WOOOAAHHH
 lilannie11 We're sorry to disappoint you. Did you share this w/our store mgt so we can address your concerns? -Hal
 Hertz .. only to be told they were out. As we left the agent said to go buy them at Walmart.. very poor.
girl wtf i could sit in da parking lot of walmart w snacks & my man & call it a date 
The majority of my social life takes place in the check out line at Walmart
Went to Walmart to buy avocados& I thought it was okay to eat a 50cent GMO apple pie (munchies) BoeingD IDEA Gave me a horrible stomach ache🙄🙄
I received  5 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Market Value Nov 2008 (  Billions): —Walmart  210 —Amazon  22  Market Value Nov 2016 (  Billions): —Amazon  355 —Walmart  220
Went to Walmart in flip flops, jeans and a long sleeved shirt. Apparently everyone else here in Florida is going elk hunting this afternoon.
Enter for a change to win a  165 Walmart gift card!  win  sweepstakes 

Trying to find those yummy sugar cookies at Walmart and I can't find them😭😭. SOS
Quick Walmart Run!
update: waiting in a walmart line. i'm gonna get chipotle after
A lady just cut me in Walmart. Who does she think she is
I pride myself on carrying my own ladder while apple picking, but the manager of this Walmart looks mad.
after this walmart run ima drink a cold ass dosx
Fastest trip i ever made at Walmart, In and out in 5 minutes. Already home. Straight Talk you gonna miss me now.
 sevintran go to walmart and see if they have a brand called hard candy
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart';;;;

 by  diptistweet via  c0nvey
 elizsar9 are you referring to the shitty white shirts at walmart
 alainasays Walmart does too now!
Apparently no one who works at  Walmart knows how to say "excuse me". Rude 🙄
I'm coming to Walmart for like 3 items watch it takes me an hour 🙄
Walked into a Walmart earlier and now I smell like racism and alienation of labor
I was walking in Walmart and a random kid dabbed on me
Going to Walmart without making a list is unwise..  bless
I wanna get in bed and die. But instead I'm gonna go to Walmart
 TLaz2 CHEAPER than Walmart TP
 NintendoAmerica  Walmart nice to see walmart got in on ripping people off. Selling Nintendo classic for 8.28 times… 
It gets better they made the line with a fucking WALMART card lmao 😂😂😂😂 
Not coming to Walmart this whole week
abilify coupons & side effects of abilify & buy abilify generic & abilify cost walmart 
I always see like 6 people from school at walmart its so ugly
Chanel VS Walmart  DBT11GH17 
So I'm in line at Walmart & this man behind me snorting power 😐. DONT DO DRUGS!! 👐🏾🚫
I've been to  Walmart in several states - by far the one in White Plains is the worst
Got walmart prices thats rollback
Hmm. What's with me and talking to people at Walmart? Hopefully this goes better.
They put the code lyoko theme twice already at Walmart lmao
When you're checking out at Walmart and the woman in front of you is using an EBT to buy her baby diapers, but was wearing  100 heels.  smh
 onlineshopping is driving  Walmart sales in the red zone  Amazon
 LeenaSalinas  DestiniElainee if Josh sits in the bench at Walmart, I sit on the bench at Walmart
My mom rewarded me for going to Walmart with her by buying me a case of beer and a case of propel 😍
 Chaantellie Walmart . Lol girl it's so fire 🔥
How was Walmart selling nes mini for 500 bucks wow
I wish Walmart took flex.
They sell jordans at walmart
5 Star Review: "WORTH EVERY PENNY: Literally, dropped my FitBit at WALMART y'all! Drove al…" 
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart Please  PLEASE Grace  IDontKnowMyName pour quand sur  Spotify super impatient de le mettre  MyPlaylist TheLife ❤
Birthday Shopping at Walmart! 
 tietstweets Unfortunately we do not have a time frame. Please keep checking back often. Thanks! -Pia
Daily Walmart trip to buy cereal
Someone should come to Walmart with me 😫
"Only democrats shop at Walmart"  lukeisabum
We're gonna build a Walmart here:
We're gonna build a Walmart here.
- How Walmart plans to transform the way we buy groceries 
My dad just asked Mike if Patagonia was a Walmart brand
 stefguerrero83 We apologize. Please contact us at (800) 924 9206 between 8am-10pm Central time so we can take care of you. -Carole
 Walmart why yall always got a person with a disability working the door?
Walmart on 79st forever packed
I'm at  Walmart in Eugene, OR 
Wranglers.  6 at Walmart in the clearance rack.  Perfect work pants. 
 acomicbookgirl  TOYSPOTTING This thing has to be getting torn down for the holidays. That's prime Walmart end cap real estate!
 thehill Heard Walmart and Home Depot were looking
 SM_EAE IT has the potential to improve many business processes.Walmart is able to offer low prices due to cost-saving technology.
Just finessed Walmart :)
I liked a  YouTube video from  tiyan74 Dollar Tree & Walmart haul
 _robriaa yesterday at Walmart 😂
 Walmart Figured it out! When users visit with AdBlocker enabled, the buttons will not work. Sorry about that!
Three dogs broke out of their owner's car and were running around Walmart while we were shopping for potato salad hahahaha
 YeenEvenKnowIt_ You may be able to check online at for fantastic offerings. -Hal
I'm gonna start calling out shit like Brady.

*in walmart looking at the lit up checkout line  s*

SEVEN! SEVEN'S THE MIKE!!!
 NoirMisfit lmao. Better than me all my pillows from Walmart. All being 2.
 DreadMighty leave the banks that we deal w/who is behind the  NoDAPL. Leave the products of Walmart & Monsanto. Don't shop on Black Friday.
Why would you make music and take pictures when you could work at Walmart?? Headass
Walmart is hellacious today!  jeweliangrace 😂😂
 _TASOfficial_ 
I saw one at walmart
Dammit, Walmart. I just wanna bake cookies and shit.  coolingrack
Just drove all the way to Walmart and realized that I forgot my wallet. As soon as I got back home to get it, I found it in my floorboard 👍🏼
i hate walmart
petco, Red Robin, Walmart, and giants with mommy👸🏼 & dog-sister 🐕
And as if I'm not depressed enough, I'm going to go to Walmart right now.
i have to go to walmart
there's a skunk in walmart or someone has DUMB gas
I must be getting old cause shopping doesn't entertain or interest me like it used to...especially at Walmart.  Random
There was a rlly cute guy at walmart, holy frick ////////
Walmart/ Kroger, where you go for a high school reunion.
ATTENTION: FREE KITTENS BEING SOLD IN THE WALMART PARKING LOT
BlueIris & BambooSilk! There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Black Friday shopping is way too civilized in that Walmart commercial.
Bought an  8 flannel from Walmart and it's a little big and it's wonderful. It is a flannel and leggings sort of day.  FloridaFall
applied to work at walmart lol
 cyberprompt that's exactly why I stay away from  Walmart - it's full of human rabble.
It's that time of year where hunters take over Walmart. If only I could see them with their camo and all.
I want some birthday cake 😋 might go to Walmart & buy a small one 😂
Just witnessed two ladies fighting over a certain turkey at Walmart. There was like 20 to choose from...
You know the obx is boring when you're exited to go to Walmart
 Walmart how about giving us a speculated date
 DBus6 man we were in Walmart how many times do I gotta say sorry
the other big story out of Lynchburg today


Sprint WHO? No more paying  140 for a bullshit service I'm blowing this turd popsicle stand and buying walmart phone cards idgaf
"I love goin to the grocery store man, you see all sorts of ass there. But you gotta go to Dillons, not Walmart" - my dad 😂😂
KNOW Watch Your Mail Carefully, If You See A Check Like This From Walmart, Here’s What It Means via  USADailyInfo
my sister really left me at walmart 😂😂😂
Turkey subs and  SamsClub zero cola for dinner from  Walmart. Picked up  SmartPhone card for  Tracfone LG.
Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian  reputationmanagement 
 INeedYouHere the walmart version of 5sos needs u guys to trend this do it 😋😋😋
Get your shit together Walmart. I've been standing here in line for 25 minutes .
WHATS WALMART BITCH
Everytime I go to Walmart this same old ass man try to talk to me😖
Businesseat Walmart is going to bp slow tfmo;row. :(
 Crafty_Fangirl Did you have the chance to bring this to the attention of a manager during your visit? -Pia
Headed 2 Walmart"
How come the people in the Walmart Black Friday ads have space to move around and aren't being pummeled repeatedly in the face?
my mom, wearing her target shirt and target name tag: I'm going to work
me: are you going to Walmart
Walmart is starting Black Friday at 6pm on thanksgiving....that's ridiculous
 GovMikeHuckabee  Delta So ..... like 2 months worth of pay from your walmart job?
 courtttneyyyjoo what fancy Walmart does that?!
Walmart has got to be the stupidest when ordering offline. I swear never again. Dumb fucks.
 kayhlanicole Walmart has some fine workers👅👅
There are so many cute ugly Christmas sweaters at Walmart I am so ready for Progressive Dinner 😍
 KimmieCubbb__ u bet not show up here! Take yo butt back to Walmart in the middle of the night
Fun fact: if you go to the white people states, ex: Minnesota, most of they asses dont know what grits is. Even the Walmart dont sell it
 SEO_DeV Please forward your inquiry to Thanks! -Hal
When you went to Walmart for hangers but bought a blender and slippers 
Have you tried these easy holiday cookie recipes yet?  ad  dinhhadung2782
Everyone will love these  SweetPotato Fries. Perfect for the  holiday or any day... by  BabySavers via  c0nvey
A walmart
It's so awkward sitting in Walmart heating the employees argue 😂😂😂 like just give me my balloons and let shorty get her first break.
the Walmart Cup Series
the Target Cup Series
The Kyle Busch Cup Series
the Can You Feel It Cup Series
the Vortex Theory Cup Series.  NASCAR
 ARedFoxWrites Thanks for reaching out. Our Market Place seller  may offer a higher price for the item. -Hal
Kmart used to be the spot before walmart came out lol
; took two hours in Walmart , had 4 bad ass boys . 🙄
Just passed some slob with five 3 liters of coke and 10 cans of Pringles, jesus christ. (at  Walmart Supercenter) 
Got out of the shower only to realize I left my hairbrush in Savannah so I had to go to Walmart with knotted soaking wet hair to buy a brush
Walmart is a bitch
This cashier at Walmart, gaaahhh daaaaamn 👅
I swear everybody & they mama was in Walmart earlier 😣
 PreacherSix  BrutalTheMovie now at Itunes Amazon Walmart Netflix Barnes & Noble
 Movies… 
 jayjorgensen70  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart You know Jay, believe it or not they actually have a preorder and they don't ship here.
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart will it be in the canadian walmart ???
Tfw Walmart is your only option for urgent last minute caulk gun and you're wearing sweatpants so you don't even have to change.
When you get pursued by the Walmart police while in pursuit of a  10k gaming system 
Another  Thanksgiving update: The Walmart on Hwy 1 in Columbia is out of onion salt. I repeat: OUT OF ONION SALT. 🦃
Pretty sure this Walmart had a job fair at the special Olympics
this hat was  4 at walmart 
Remington Lithium All-In-One Grooming Kit for  13 + pickup at Walmart 
Went to walmart today & paid for my groceries (almost all of them) with my wrap cash! I love… 
dimitri  forced me to go to walmart after our dinner bc he needs face wash. we're leaving with a brita filter & a nutribullet S.O.S
 jrromo1 We’re sorry. The higher priced item may be offered by a Market Place seller and they set their own prices. -Hal
I totally get the point of yield signs for pedestrians to walk at walmart but a little "hurry the fuck up *beep beep*" never hurts
Maybe I can run to Walmart really quick but in that time I could watch 2 episodes of The Office & that seems way more important
 TheWeekndGlobal i love walmart so I'm good.
My Mama Got Me In Walmart In This Uniform 🙄 I Really Have An Attitude
 EthanWi94033873 The bundle is listed at  249 in our Black Friday Ad. We hope this helps. -Pia
Attention to the people who shop at Walmart on a regular basis it isn't that hard to make two lines of carts
i need to go to walmart😭
Greatest thing EVEEER. 
Yaaaaasssss Walmart✊🏻 
I'm about to head to  Walmart &  PartyCity to see if they can provide me makeup and supplies to turn ten people into convincing WWI zombies.
Report: Walmart Workers Cost Taxpayers  6.2 Billion In Public Assistance 
 DaniGibson2 Went to Walmart, Target, CVS, Walgreens and Rite Aid  pharmacies. All grocery stores which no one had. I suggest Public's
 GraceeMadison WALMART
K'Nex 70 Model 705-Piece Building Set for  18 + pickup at Walmart - CNET 
Walmart has lost its damn fucking mind. 
bye im making a walmart run
 RileyOliviasmom  jayjorgensen70  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart Alicia, we, as Canadians have to hope that they do. fingers crossed I guess.
 SheliaChanel  __daniiieee Us down to the Walmart 😂😂😂💀💀
i did hw for a whole 4 hrs and my mom be tellin me that i havent done nothing she really wants me to be a walmart greeter for living
 joebonsall  Walmart year I work for Walmart, I hate the fact I will not be with my family for thanksgiving!
 carolineamberrr the top are the halloween lashes from walmart that everyone was raving about a while ago, the middle two are eyelure vegas-
she's chanel he's walmart. 
Just before my work shift at  Walmart today, I met up with Shawn & Kate of  SISontheradio to talk recipes for… 
nexium vs prilosec & coupon for nexium 40 mg & protonix vs nexium & walmart nexium price 
 MasonDixonKnits  annshayne  KayGardiner ROLLBoeingCK on  HamiltonBeach slow cookers!  Walmart  slowcookerodyssey  mdk 
 S_T_O_P_TERROR  AR1488UK  OnlineMagazin Walmart people. Who shops there?
All There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
At Walmart & guess I looked suspicious bc a man comes up to me & says "be careful, you could get a lot of jail time for that" 🙃😂
I love them all  There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Sitting in the Walmart parking lot and watching at least 3 people forget where they parked is so funny
 RamblinGrimace I imagine them traveling together in an old VW bus. On sundays they are in lawn chairs watching in a Walmart parking lot
You never know what you'll see at Walmart 😂
 pspkfankiran Are you looking for the prepaid or contract iPhone 5s? -Pia
 TorrensJonathan  Taggart7 I've never had a sneaky dart before but today at  Walmart I snuck into McDonald's and had a couple sneaky burgers
 jayjorgensen70  larrygall2  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart I'm hoping for Walmart Canada to have the CD! I don't buy digital music :(
If this mf fire alarm in Walmart keeps going off imma spazz
Walmart is packed😩
 rashad_patrick parked sooo badly that Walmart had to page him to move his car because he blocked the person next to him from getting out.
Shame on you  Walmart for being open on Thanksgiving day.  WalmartHatesFamilyTime
Lmao good work,  walmart. 
 BestBuy better than  Walmart
 Loving__MJ I just seen you in Walmart I wasn't sure if it was you that's why I don't say hi 😶
your mcm buys his pants two sizes too small so he has an excuse for sagging to show off the belt he bought from walmart
She legit hasn't been inside a Walmart in a good year lmao who made this woman so intolerable and boujie
 TimIrvinJr_ look like it came from walmart
It's so cold out but I have to drive to Walmart when my mom comes home to pick up cat shampoo bc my dad keeps saying Mia smells😓
 haybear777 he went to walmart
Walmart urks my soul 😡
Today on Morgans Walmart adventure, Are they a boy a girl or what? Tune in next week for the shocking conclusion.
 BeyonddBlessedd We're sorry to hear that. Could you please let us know what happened so we can help? -Carole
I went to Walmart alone for q tips and Vaseline... I came back with no q tips, spent over  100 and 2 hours of my life wasted 😞
just found a can of arizona and poured it into a glass with some ice and this is legit like s walmart version of smth i'd do in a restaurant
they're playing christmas music in walmart, my hearts so happy
Izzy and Daphne are out at Walmart on Herndon and 168 collecting donations of non-perishable food items and cash... 
I feel like I should be in one of those 'people of walmart' videos
Going to Walmart... FML
drove all the way to Walmart for Christmas lights and they don't even have anymore🙃
I'm at Walmart in Edinburg, TX 
ATTN GROWN ASS MEN TRYING TO TALK TO ME AT WALMART: I AM SHOPPING FOR GROCERIES. FOR MY FAMILY. LEAVE ME ALONE. I DONT WANT TO KNOW YOU. BYE
Hotel Walmart via  YouTube
Lex needs to go to Walmart  😶
Just got harassed by a group of people outside the Walmart where my roommate got robbed.  whydoishareairwiththesepeople?
Hiii. . Walmart Dan (iiOuterSpace) :) 
I will say though, men's flannels from Walmart are surprisingly warm
New post: Play-Doh 60th Anniversary Celebration 60 Pack Only  0.25 Per Container 
 MechanicResurrection on DVD this Tuesday.  Pre-order your copy on  Walmart today 
 solo__lo at babies r us yes. I wrote down target and Walmart on the invite but I haven't gone yet 🤐
Man Detained by Cops At Walmart on Suspicion of Being a Freaky Clown | Cop Block 
Or Walmart like who cares fam it's a belt!!! Spend ur money on important things like treats for ur pony 
 YungB_DaTuna boy that's straight out the freezer isle at Walmart
My  christmastree I decorated at  walmart ,  beautiful  lol   Walmart Plano - 425 Coit Rd 
 ostranderlinds i actually was 😂😂 and because i've been to walmart twice already today lmao
 Romudeth  PlayStation XB1S has a crazy deal for BF at Walmart.  499 for a XB1S & a 40" Samsung 4KTV.
i hate the hagerstown walmart but I seriously need colored paper and highlighters before tmr
PSA: Walmart has some of the best cornbread
had to go to the hood walmart for a burner, and this guy is the greeter, singing songs &… 
There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
To the guy at walmart who said the  buffalobills were "going down today",  GoBills 
K'Nex 70 Model 705-Piece Building Set for  18 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart';;;;


 Walmart how do I get someone in management to speak to me. I can't get a supervisor at  help  badcustomerservice
I was parked at walmart and this random chick knocks on my car window and waves at me...  i thought it was a cop i was scared as hell lol
Why is it always Walmart? 😂 
 TroyMaxcy  gracevw_page  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart Yes, I assume they will ship to arrive by the 2nd like Amazon is doing, aren't they?
Win A  165 Walmart Gift Card!
 epaldelta  shannoncoulter  hudsonsbay No great loss most libs are on welfare and have no money anyways. Stick to Walmart!  We don't need u
take me out to eat at a mcdonald's inside a walmart 😩💯
K'Nex 70 Model 705-Piece Building Set for  18 + pickup at Walmart Promo

 Coupons

Read more: 
Bought from  Walmart in North Huntingdon, Pa. Baked goods and "fresh" chicken are completely inedible and obviously old.
I just saw the most beautiful guy at Walmart rn 😭
Update: I went to Walmart and bought a charger. I didn't realize until I destroyed the packaging that it wasn't compatible with my iPhone 🙃
 Xbox  One  S 1TB with Your Choice of ...  ChristmasDeals  OnlineDeals  Wal-Mart  Stores  walmart 
I ordered some stuff on for pickup and I didn't wanna go get it...he's getting it 🙌🏽
Taking a simple trip to Walmart and see a beautiful sunset over the mountains..man I love Shanadoah.
 SalaciousSully  kimberlyhaney Are y'all gonna shoot your own turkeys? I hear they got butterballs on sale up at the  Walmart!
in the five dollar bin at Walmart  it was all suck crap like maroon 5 and kid rock and usher and Beyonce and christina Aguilera
Hey  Walmart if there are no paper towels in your bathrooms I have permission to dry my hand on the towels you sell right. Air dryers suck.
Lol why compare walmart with gucci?
Gave away 3  Swagbucks  coupons  Walmart. Got  drpepper; making profit for each 2L I buy. Got  IbottaApp item too. ~ 
 luvin_life7 The Librarians S1 dvd -  (S2  releases on Jan 3, 2017)
 KingJazen  KingMendoza24 ya daddy 👏 dont worry son, Im still in line at Walmart, waiting to buy some milk 🙄😂
FYI.  I just read an advertisement that Walmart is selling the little magic bullet for 10.00 online for Black Friday
Brillo Sponges Only  0.43   Walmart Thru 11/26 
 AliceHasFibro23  shannoncoulter No great loss most libs are on welfare anyways w no money to spend. Stick to walmart!
im waiting for walmart canada to do that too 😂
my mom just made me climb onto her back to get the last jelly cranberry sauce on the top shelf of walmart help me
i've been to walmart too many times this weekend
 HeresHardCandy Brows Now collection is amazing!  Grab it only at  Walmart 
K'Nex 70 Model 705-Piece Building Set for  18 + pickup at Walmart     - CNET  CNET  Gaming  Tech  News
The Pie Face Showdown! Game is a part of Walmart's Hottest 25 Toys of 2016!  ad   SheriARicherson
too many people be in this Walmart
Studied so much about Walmart in school and omg now it's in front of me!  cerritos   outofLA 
I need to go to Walmart😩
Girls at target>>> girls at Walmart
Being in Walmart for almost 2hrs is not fun in heels.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist SURPRISE TOYS OPENING CHRISTMAS PRESENTS WALMART Top Toys Chosen by
 candilynn86 Walmart had some cute ones! I just saw some today.
Walmart is packed because everyone that never cooks is here buying thanksgiving day meal stuff
Biddy told shorty go to Walmart 😭😭😭😭😂
New post: Walmart:  0.21 Reese Water Chestnuts with rare high-value printable coupon!  coupon
When you see someone who looks exactly like  thegeek_chic in a Florida Walmart and you yell GEEK then you get a weird look from everyone.-_-
YUMM Maruchan Bowls Only  0.23   Walmart Thru 11/26 
Walmart is fr nasty af😷
confused as to why we just saw a ring tailed lemur in republic walmart
I'm in Walmart anyone need anything
Walmart just refused to sell me NyQuil because I don't look 18 and i didn't have my ID on me. I'm pissed. 😑
 MrsPreKTchr can u get that at Walmart?
Walmart on Sundays <<<<<<<
Love is when your sister rolls down the window to call you a hoe nugget as you're walking into Walmart
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 35 Points! WOO HOO!!
I'm at Walmart way in Alvin,tx where there is no black people.
Got back from Walmart,,,Got a few things for Mama Frappe for Xmas
The fact that Walmart doesn't have good vegan hygiene products. Ugh
walmart during the holiday season is the WORST
 keenanstukes23  NBoeing2K just that Walmart connection
PSA WALMART HAS THIGH HIGH FUZZY SOCKS
Walmart Brings  blockchain To The Grocery Store  Walmart  ResidualBitcoin
 arianarmtz walmart!!
[Walmart] 1TB Xbox One S + Gears of War 4 + Star Wars Battlefront + Blu-ray + Generic Wireless Controller ( 299) 
Walmart niggas be looking good 😭
I think I mostly shop  Walmart for the ambient music! Singing when I shop is soothing.
bro just go to Walmart and buy some popcorn chicken 
"walmart does a bang up job" 😂 
Today I went to Target severely hungover with no bra on while rocking my outfit from the night before, I really wish I went to Walmart
This dude is here in Walmart professing his hate for his job…I'm quite uncomfortable
Walmart Brings  blockchain To The Grocery Store  Walmart 
"and im thankful for this food, walmart does a bang up job"
I need to run to Walmart .
Free Rave Hairspray   Walmart Thru 11/26 
 diamond214904 I know right. It takes like 20 minutes just to get to walmart.
Walmart, you done good. 😍🔥 
 LetUsPlay4 We're sorry for the inconvenience. Please share your feedback at so we can improve. -Carole
I need to go to Walmart 😫
Philadelphia Cream Cheese 2-Packs Only  2.88 at Walmart! - 
Walmart online pickup = amazing.  Walmart
Money Maker On Curad Waterproof Tape   Walmart Thru 11/26 
The Battle Between Walmart And Amazon Will Be Epic via  Forbes  retail 
I stayyyyy wearing the Christmas sweatshirt I got from Walmart last year for the Christmas crate race lmao
Walmart’s Vice President of Food Safety,  frankyiannas focuses on the "why" behind food safety: 
Save  1.00 on one (1) Gas-X 48ct or higher Printable  Coupon here -  
 Walmart Yes, particularly when trying to buy clothes. The size drop-down menu does not work and the different color/style icons do not work
Globalisation: ripping you off, even while you sleep: Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own might not be: 
Mannnn...these oatmeal cookies n da brown box for Walmart_Supppa Fiiirrrreee!!!
Chanel vs Walmart  DBT11GH17 
 Walmart my brother bought me it online. When I put it together it wobbeled from side to side, I think it's because I leaned back too much.
i kid you not  Lillychoate1 picked up a giant yard candy cane & turned around to hit Dylan w it, but it actually was a Walmart employee. 😳🙃
You guys know how we drive on the right side of the road here in America? The same applies to shopping carts at Walmart.  stayinyourlane
 NehNeh97 shit did you spend 15 minutes in Walmart or something
New report card on toxics:  Walmart &  Target get B’s,  amazon &  Costco get F’s. More at:  MindTheStore
5 Tips for Staying Calm & Keeping Your Confidence Through the Holidays  LivePadFree  sp  walmart  poise …
 merli_aoki ikr my mom and i were saying "wtf just go to walmart for  40 shoes that look better and are more practical"
Local WalMart is now overflowing with Pattie pies, finally confirming for me how dumb people got over these things.  theytastemeh
I liked a  YouTube video from  rednickss SQUIRREL GOES NUT SHOPPING AT WALMART!
En Walmart 😴
 tayskeens  pineapplesdood  I dare you guys to go to Walmart and make a toilet paper fort, love you guys💞💞
Spent 300  on thanksgiving shit at Walmart 🙃🙃🙃🙃
Dressed for Walmart but shopping at Target 😂😂
So, who is the genius that thougat it would be wise to put the bacz-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
walking into walmart smelling like a pound
"will one of you take me to walmart so i can get my car?" "no. you can drive there"
 madiweber_ us in walmart 
 jayjorgensen70  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart It's available for preorder but it seems they don't ship to Canada.
 TeflonBella You can also share your vital feedback with us at: -Donna
In Walmart. 🙃🔫
i've been at walmart with chan for almost an hour just printing pictures 🙃
Thank You  NestleUSA ! This box of goodness just showed up at our WalMart & made my holidays!  PremiumCrackers… 
I really love this group and I wish Walmart carried their cd's. 
Got my mom yelling sniper gang kodak in the local Walmart
I remember meeting the Bratz at their m&g at walmart LMAO
 KylieMarie97 i recognized it!! i was wearing one last week & a girl complimented me & when i told her  walmart she was shocked!!
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart yassss totally buying it there
 Retweet  CarSeat  Shuttle Infant Car Seat Base 
 Lorski13 the subway in Walmart sells them
I get so offended I forget to care when customers angrily tell me that they should have gone to Walmart
How y'all Lincoln thieves be in Walmart 😹 
Power  brows courtesy of Hard Candy!  Thanks to Allure for the love!  Available at Walmart and best of all don't... 
When you accidentally steal from Walmart again 😬😬
I'm watching Mississippi Damned I'm sitting here like 😦...Sammy bro I could of Walmart to Walmart you  50 get out the car pls 😩😷
I seen another one of my half sisters in Walmart today, it's been 4 and a half years.
Can you drive me to Walmart today? 
Was gonna get sun but i was at walmart & they ran out of sun and my mom told me that"you can get your game you were talking about, hurry up"
I love walmart newt from the maze runner so much😍😪😴😞😊👅💦👋👀
 mcisthelimit We're sorry to hear that the chair broke. When did you make the purchase? Was it online or in store? -Carole
 TashBreezy81 we apologize for the inconvenience surrounding your order. Please reach out to: -Donna
Niggas were running out of Walmart at 8 am with electronics! They got away too.😂
i fucking hate walmart 😤
Walmart Brings Blockchain To The Grocery Store   Walmart 
Most of these people are just lazy,  get off your Butts, WALK, HOW ABOUT THAT. ..  Thanks walmart fo 
walmart batman is all i am gonna call him from now on 
whenever i go to walmart or target i always spend more money than i need to. ☹️
I hate driving in the Walmart parking lot
At your local Walmart? 
Holiday nuts at walmart
If you see me at walmart, pretend like you don't
If you see me in Walmart.. Yes my hair is wet. 🙆🏼
PUNXSY WALMART IS COMPLETELY REMODELED WHAT IS GOING ON ????
Walmart is a damn mad house
 JackJ  jackgilinsky  JackAndJack I FOUND IT IN NJ WALMART OMFG IMMA CRY 😭 
"i do 90% of our shopping at walmart, except for heirloom tomatoes."
i hate coming to the walmart on southmore
Me: gotta go to Walmart today
Me to me: nah fam, beat the lines, starve 
PSA: There are real-life elves at Walmart. Very useful people. One of them just helped me find a plunger in virtually, zero seconds.
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart One of my fave songs by you but I can't get it :(
Walked out to the Walmart parking lot to find a car parked almost *sideways* in a space, with a couple making out in the front seats. 😂
I need all mines bro. Walmart gotta 55" for 320. I need parts lol. 
 larrygall2  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart maybe try waiting until Dec 2 when it is released?  Might work a bit better then.
Enter to win a Sparkling Xmas Wreath by & Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways  booklove101 
Black Friday 2016 Deals And Ads: The Best TV Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, And  Amazon 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Dunedin, FL 
I'm about to drive to Walmart just to get tea lights and some other candles cause I'm broke but I need my house to smell gooood
 alxthelionn Walmart for  20 !!!
 TheLizLincoln isn't that what they carry at Walmart?
K'Nex 70 Model 705-Piece Building Set for  18 + pickup at Walmart

Walmart casually plays Turn Down For What..
Ok walmart, I see you
Walmart
WTF do you price match on anymore.  Time to post a list
Getting ready for our first Christmas  Walmart ! 
 Meganrro I always go to the regal nails place inside Walmart, she's never done me wrong 😅
Weird our local Walmart took down the candy cane stripes they had up on the posts in front of the store.
I was just about to tweet this I'm just sitting in Walmart parking lot 
 FaZeNikan  FaZeBlaziken  FaZe_Rain I found some faze merch at Walmart. I'm shook
Hope Tylenol will ease my cramps and get me out of bed. The girl wants me to go w/her to Walmart later. Um, that requires getting up.
 brittneylee617 If the item is within it's eligible return window you can return it for a refund and repurchase. -Donna
Why must everyone be at Walmart the same time as me 😭😭😭😭  peopleprobs
"bitch you is broke. what's walmart bihh"
 linneaheideart  amazon  IvankaTrump  shannoncoulter You only ever shop at Walmart anyways no great loss!
I liked a  YouTube video from  aldoworld (CREEPY!) 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT WALMART FORT ⏰ | CHASED BY SCARY
Really just went to Walmart to by creamer so I can drink coffee all day
 jayjorgensen70  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart Just tried to order it at Wal Mart on line. didn't work too well.
Walmart's restorative justice program keeps Americans out of criminal justice system. 
Happy Sunday Dolls! Pre-order my new book "BEAUTY SECRETS TO FLAWLESS SKIN AND MAKEUP on… 
 phychedylic ya Walmart 
 billcrowley3rd your reading comprehension sucks. I said for you to thank walmart. I don't shop there
I have to go to Walmart... ughhh 😩
 TeamSnuggle  There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
hate hate hate going to walmart alone
Not Walmart? 🤔 
Pretty sure everyone in Walmart hates me! Stupid ass cashier fucked with the wrong guy lol!😂🖕🏿
Great to see  blockchain  being used by  WalMart to tighten food safety in   SupplyChains  Now need to apply this l… 
Got my oil changed at Walmart yesterday and now I have an oil leak. 
Paper bags over our heads are too nice for Jags fans, so I'm just gonna stick my head in a plastic Walmart bag till I pass out
 Nintendo  Game  Reddit  Livebroadcasting Found these bad boys at Walmart (Hot Wheels) r/nintendo 
 Scanner270 Is there anything we can help you with? -Pia
I'm at Farmacia walmart 
 TisDeBombDigity "have you done the shoppy thing at Walmart yet"
Finn start at Walmart
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
 pvang0224 We apologize for the wait at check out. Did you ask the store management to open more lanes for you? -Carole
this is a prom picture taken in a Walmart bathroom 
At Walmart parked like a mile away
 Walmart really Walmart?!!! 
 sthingstrotta chanel and walmart 
Man Refuses To Show His Receipt To Walmart Security 
 Retweet  Coffee  Iberia Mountain Peak Inst Decaff Coffee 
40billion:

Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals: 
— For…
Not this migo trynna get with this black chick at the walmart service desk lmao she's blushing too
Body of Brit teen who has been frozen is in £10 Walmart sleeping bag 
 Walmart i bought a toaster oven and it stinks. Course I can't find the receipt but I have the box that it came in what is the return policy
Been to Walmart, Krogers, and Waffle House and only spent .58 cent!!!  CouponLife
 Veteran4Trump Libs only shop at Walmart anyways that's all they can afford w their welfare cards!
Xbox One S + 4K Samsung Smart TV + Controller + Game/Movie of choice for only  499 from  Walmart! Amazing.  Xbox 

I need to go to Walmart with my mom but I just don't feel like leaving my bed ever again.
 _mcpicktwo accident, all by Walmart is backed up. Both lanes are closed
 Walmart The decision to stock shelves during the day is so wrong on so many levels! Especially on the weekends.  customersfirst
Valar Morghulis   Walmart Huntington - US Route 60 
DATS U AT WALMART RN!? 😂😂😂😂😂😂 
 SOLELINKS  ATrainKickz NES Classic back 

I need to goto Walmart either when I get off work or in the morning cuz I'm not ordering food all damn week
 arthurpie Please speak with the mgr of your local store, or contact us at the link provided above. -Donna
About to walk to Walmart cause nobody will give me a ride...
It's not a trip to Walmart unless you see at least 3 other Lee kids
so Walmart had exactly what I needed & that makes me happy. 🙃
Prayers going up for all those who have to go to Walmart.  I'm a survivor......
Too many people go hungry. Here's your chance to help our neighbors! We're out at Walmart on Herndon and 168 til... 
PARKINSON'S, I HAVE IT
PLS GET OFF UR COMPLACENT
ASSES & HELP ME FIGHT MONSANTO/WALMART
GetWeed Killer OutOfOurFood 
 RedBeKnowing better than Walmart with these Jim Carey looking Passion Of The Ace Ventura headass candles… 
These lines in Walmart serious 😂
 Walmart i am waiting for a reply on whats going on with my giftcard
 3Hunnnaaa_  Kreid33 I see alotta beer drinking, someone's gonna go to jail, and we're gonna lose our kids at Walmart
mya really stole some damn fishes from walmart
Just ran into  SuniMFSolomon at the Walmart looking fresh as fuck!
 HankFox29  FOX29philly I work at Walmart
Just saw a guy pushing a pug in a stroller in Walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video from  arcadejackpotpr Walmart Arcade Claw Machines & Luck Of The Claw Arcade Wins
Who remembers when Walmart had those lobster tanks?!
why does every boy in walmart today that is wearing an orange jacket look sort of attractive
I JUST SAW DRILL SGT GALAVIZ AT WALMART OMG
I wish I had somebody to go to Walmart with me
Want to know how to make inexpensive garland from  Walmart look expensive? I'm sharing how to on the blog!… 
 JayM2722  FOX29philly Every WalMart everywhere in the world.
A family just heard me sing Take Me Home Country Road in this parking lot but honestly who are they to judge they're shopping at Walmart too
I hate walmart during the holidays 😒
 MariahhGodfrey was it at Walmart?
I'm in hell.  xmas  walmart  fml  fml🔫  Christmas   christmas2016  nofilter  nofilterneeded… 
New in the database: LANDO CALRISSIAN (3 3/4" scale, Walmart exclusive). More info about the figure can be found... 
Bro stop playin bring me the wings I eat from that lil place in Walmart 
Walmart does a bang up job😂😂😂😭😭 
I walked into the Christmas candy section at Walmart and yelled "I've never been so happy oh my" and some guy laughed at me.
If anyone wants to make me happy go to Walmart and get me a Christmas themed blanket
 ClaireElyse1020 across from walmart
K'Nex 70 Model 705-Piece Building Set for  18 + pickup at Walmart - 
 TMobile 
Can ppl go in Walmart parkng lot,setup sign to sell cars?Ppl r bound to thier objcts,so outsde party w/ro… 
Seriously. I went to Target, Walmart, Michaels, AC Moore and Office Depot. No dot grid notebook anywhere !!
 A1angela12 do you like target or Walmart
 sale Rolling Mantel with Infrared Quartz Electric Fireplace -  139.00: Walmart offers Rolling Mantel with Infrared… 
 jayjorgensen70  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart I bet it won't be.
1 time I was high af and I was dying, and throwing up everywhere in a Walmart parking lot past midnight
I fucks Walmart up but idk why😂 I just do it..
 Walmart  just heard 1 emp tell  cust they couldn't get someone to paint cause they weren't on the clock 1say customer wouldn't shut up...🖒
I'll be making this Baklava  recipe for the  holiday.  ad  baklava  walmart... by  Yolanda1277 via  c0nvey
I need a new apple cord charger where can I get one that's isn't  40 Verizon gmfu and not the cheap ass Walmart or gas station ones lol
I hate coming to Walmart 😡
Snapchat 2016: Save  1000+ on this SAMSUNG 60" 4K Smart LED TV at Walmart  fakeheadlinebot  learntocode  makeatwitterbot  javascript
Our product is held at local grocery stores near you including... Walmart, Fortinos, Costco, Longo's, No Frills and many more
Odis McKinney is at Walmart
There's some guy behind me in Walmart whispering into his phone "trump is going to make America great"
 Walmart Sure. I ordered twice from and twice my debit card gets used by someone not me. Won't be doing that again.
Omg Walmart was a drag today 😩 to many people nowhere to park unstocked selves 😅
i just bought 14 clipboards at walmart. what have you done today?
✨✔😘😘Defeat The Ghost For Me! 👻 Walmart Wifi💠🍍🌊:Get ready with me

 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart Will it be available in Canadian Wal Marts?
Walmart craft section put a bow on his head smh 
 gracevanderwaal  walmart you are amazing Kido. I no your cd will be a great success. Every time I see you sing on YouTube I cry. U r a 🌟
My mom and I spent a good 15 minutes smelling and judging holiday candles at Walmart, we ended up taking four 😅
I'm at Walmart and I look homeless 😛😛😛
You Wont Believe This Walmart Surveillance Camera Footage 
How Walmart's former e-commerce guru plans to revolutionise the automotive industry 
walmart didnt have their canon dslr on display and the nikon and sony ones were in the glass case skdbshjsjd
New post: Beats by Dr. Dre Studio Over-Ear Headphones Only  139 (Reg.  300)! 
I wish instead of having Walmart in Portland, we had a Kroger
come 2 walmart and give me a hard time
[9:54] walmart [north?] - male says he was followed up here by asian crips in a white toyota
New post: BouncePro 14′ Trampoline Only  199 (Reg.  319)! 
Damn all the fine niggas work at Walmart
Jaycie is legitimately pissed off at me for not letting her take a Walmart puppy home.
me waiting on kellie to find a parking spot at walmart 
NES Classic Edition is being sold for  400 on Walmart you should just buy a PS4 or XBOX1 for that price what a rip off.
Do you love baking w. your kids? Pick up some of these>>   parents  ad  mini_beasts
Oranges so good you'd never know they came from WalMart...
5 Arrested In Shoplifting Enforcement Operation At Suisun City Wal-Mart  sanfrancisco 
oh shit i lost ben in walmart.
 _monodes_ its 30  on steam :0!! i'll see if i can get it as a christmas gift or smthn! THEY ALSO HAVE IT HERE AT WALMART FOR 34  OMG!!!
"whats it like working at walmart?" 
 Walmart Deal: Free  5.00 eGift Card with Purchase of ... - - Coupons  Deals  Freebies… 
Ima just get a plate from Walmart
when you go to walmart and some ladies are fighting about whipped cream or buttered cream
This fish in  findingdory made me want to go to Walmart.  subliminalmessages  hiddenInTheImage 
 Walmart is by far the worst store ever
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart So happy! Definitely buying the physical copy.
New post (Walmart Deal: Free  5.00 eGift Card with Purchase of Energizer Batteries) has been published on... 
"Walmart does a bang up job." LMAO 
 tlkws  paykerz  urbaesmain walmart dropped the mic, shes out
Walmart employ fight with lady customer: via  YouTube
 Modulus555 Speak with a help desk associate before placing your order. They have final determination: -Donna
santas little helper at walmart isn't helping me too much she keeps walking past me trying to find someone else
I liked a  YouTube video from  carlyccxx HAUL - My Protein, Nike, Garnier, aa skincare, Walmart & Gympad
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist HAUL - My Protein, Nike, Garnier, aa skincare, Walmart & Gympad
 urbaesmain  acreantement  tlkws i hope u feel okay with being walmart, no offense
Pre-Thanksgiving shopping at Walmart be like 
yeh when you see with the 35.6k followers and they work in walmart….. looool 
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart I've been waiting for this one! Just ordered it! Can't wait!
 YeeitsDan .. 🤔🤔🤔 sheeeesh that 65 at walmart was just 548...
 girlswithteeth well my walmart only has moon so perhaps I will order it
Y'all, I asked Reid to get me a surprise in Walmart & he said no. so.... I locked him out of my car 😌🙃
Body of Brit teen who has been frozen is in £10 Walmart sleeping bag


*walks into walmart*

*hears christmas music*

*walks out of walmart*

I love Christmas, but it's too early to be listening to these songs.
 JustCallMeNOLE  seminole4life22  chuck_dc  ChiefsReporter chiefs are a walmart FSU clearly
brandon and I spent over an hour in the Christmas aisle at Walmart 😂  noshame  wereready
Bad day to wear white oh well lol   Walmart North Attleboro 
 blangwayyyy walmart may not like that 😂😂
 biebermelanin I got it on but it's probably in stores too! :)
 Wherdahoneydips just an update incase anyone cares- I got it back yesterday & I lost it at Walmart so I'm still broke for 4-6 business days
Open WIDE..... hummerh2  walmart  deadbattery   Walmart Clearlake 
Walmart smells terrible
|| i'm at walmart and i found a 3 pound chocolate bar and i'm So Tempted
 vnanay it's soooo FUCKING annoying 😭 I work at Walmart n hear that shit all night smh
I hate going to the fridge section in Walmart 🙄
arrowverse oliver
- a rat
- not even oliver???
- walmart batman
- hypocritical
- an asshole 
I get so hype when I find actual cute clothes at Walmart 👏🏼🔥  NoShame
 2phonefarrah same... i saw her strollin thru walmart too😂😂
Y'all. I'm at Walmart trying to avoid all eye contact.  fail
I'm at Walmart 
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart  on  Spotify  can't stop listening 
So I have swollen eye, low oxygen, light headed, but princess makes me errand! (at  Walmart Supercenter) 
 gracevw_page  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart Walmart online?
 CauseWereGuys  JeremyMcPhee us back in the Walmart days
why are walmart customers and employees all short
I did not miss Walmart at all
Some guy at Walmart asked if me and Kaila are twins and we look absolutely nothing alike🙃
 gracevw_page  GraceVanderWaal  Walmart Seriously, I'll get you one, no problem!
Why does the Oswego Walmart have cute shoes I don't get it
 WillyNelson__ well it's still called a lunch break wether it's 2am or 10pm over here at Walmart.
Remind me to stay away from Walmart starting now until 2017
I think I seen this monster of a human I use to f/w the other day at Walmart, it's safe to say wtf was I thinking
Walmart + Christmas music = a great day for  JWeeks1988
Omg look what I found at Walmart  ShawnMendes 
Never get attention from girls so when a girl smiled at me at Walmart I didn't know what to do and threw up
"Whoever invented Black Friday deserves to be shot!" - Walmart cashier
Walmart packed af I just need milk dawg
When Walmart don't have your protein cookies 😡😡
Yippee Walmart now😊 
 Lenovo  Intel  Celeron Dual 1.6GHz 12″  Laptop from  Walmart
This is a pretty  goodoffer

 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart Now that I've already bought it on Amazon... :-/
It's so packed at walmart today gamers
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Carlisle, PA 
Cheating people out of their money.  Walmart 
Walmart swear they hiring but....
I still gotta do my damn hair & pack for MEPS tomorrow . Now im boutta be in Walmart shopping for food i dont even eat for an hour 😒
I feel like such a hobo. We're stranded in a Walmart parking lot in Branson ready to peel a hard boiled egg into a… 
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart I dont have Walmart here 😩 but....I will find a way to get that EP version 💪
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart I preordered on iTunes but I'll buy the physical one too
Look for these best Black Friday doorbusters and deals at Walmart: 
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart You're amazing, I can't wait to see you on Tour ❤️
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart That song is beautiful Grace. I am holding out for Walmart, hope it's in Canada.
the world would be a better place if walmart didn't exist
Cuz daddy wants to (  Goin to Walmart😩😩😩 in Muscle Shoals, AL) 
Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals: 
walmart needs to stop with the christmas music
 Walmart hats ❤️...it's how you wear it 😉. 
Lowest Price around!  Ninja Nutri Ninja Auto-iQ Blender ONLY  69 Shipped! - 
Picking up my ship to store stuff now lol (at  Walmart Supercenter in Mulberry, FL w/  _russell1979) 
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart yeah I heard it, its ight
The nerve of Walmart, trying to make us pay  20 for an empty box 
These game day recipes are amazing   ad  OEP&GameDay  OldElPaso  Walmart
Almost got run over in the Walmart parking lot by a truck with a Trump bumper sticker, which would be an apt metaphor
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart can't wait to buy it!!!!!!
 GraceVanderWaal  Walmart you should do a signing at the Walmart by you !!
Baked Chicken Tacos for game day! Load up on  oldelpaso at  Walmart and score big!  OEP&GameDay  ad
So you find strength and bravery behind that AK47 you proudly brandish into Walmart "because you can"? Compensate m… 
Let's see how much of a difference in price hornbachers to Walmart is
Good acts are being sent home because of a shitty Walmart version on missy Elliot   XFactor
I can't believe how great this works I bought one yesterday at Walmart for the first time... 
There's a bonus coffeehouse version of my song "Missing You" on the  Walmart version of my  PerfectlyImperfect EP ☕… 
Me: I didn't bring a spitter I should take this dip out before I go into Walmart.
Me to me: no fuck them I'll spit… 
working at Sears has ruined me I'm in the clothing section in walmart and I'm trying so hard not to fix eveherhtung it's so messy
police waiting outside of walmart for female sholoplifter to leave 359pm 11 20 16  portorange police radio scanner
Walmart shenanigans 💁🏽😘❤😍 
Bought these gems at Walmart 50% off 😍 
Ah, the holiday spirit! Madness underway at Burlco Walmart...  FOX29philly 
So apparently there's bags of mini Bubu Lubus at Walmart and I'm going to go buy them all.
Mad house (at  Walmart Supercenter in North Versailles, PA) 
I saw  kendalyn27 at Walmart and we both had on sweats, boots, and no make up... sometimes I think we could be sisters we're so alike😅
Gucci vs Walmart 
Went in Walmart to pickup tonight's dinner and end up buying my family thanksgiving dinner
 Maria_Gifford  Walmart awaits your business.
 BreakingNews guess what folks !!! TRUMP WON  ....  sippy cups are at walmart if you need one.
 arawnsley  SwiftOnSecurity  GlytchTech this looks like a toy in the kids aisle at Walmart.
 BEARyGrateful y  Team There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
// I do live near a Walmart, but it's a ten minute walk, and it's too cold 
Just seen the Walmart lady get her scanner out of a microwave 😂
These white people about to get it at Walmart if they don't get out my way
They're playing Christmas music in Walmart right now and it's making me so happy
Sitting in Walmart... overhear a Hagerstownian say "kurrids coffee maker"... 🤔 tf is that?
it's always some bad ass kids running around in walmart. 😐
A lady told me about the last 20 tragic years of her life in the knitting section at Walmart today
COME TO WALMART AND BUY A RAFFLE TICKET
Walmart better not be packed
Body of Brit teen who won court battle to be cryogenically frozen is in £10 Walmart sleeping bag - Mirror.… 
Most boring thing is sitting in Walmart while your sister and cousin try own clothes😂😂
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dallas, TX 
 Najzie You hate paying taxes but don't want to raise minimum wage. Walmart workers are on welfare.Congratulations, you played yourself.
Kentucky Walmart never has a dull moment 😂😂💀 another fight
angela: i ran away from home i can't tell u where i am 
me: uses find my iphone to figure out she just walked 0.1 m… 
my life is a mess. i forgot my keys at Walmart 😞
Should say 🖕🏼 Walmart and go to the car show but nah 😭
 Jada0330 yess 😷 I'll stick to Walmart water 😭
beg at the entrance of walmart 
How about an "It's the holidays and I just need to pay for one fucking item" Line at Walmart?
Trying out my first  Walmart grocery pickup today. I think I might like this.
Paul, I need to integrate walmart open api into google sheets. Can this be done?
Warning! Do not sleep in your car at Walmart! They will wake you up and think you're on drugs. 🙂
College makes you break down in the middle of a Walmart parking lot. 🙃🙃🙃
"Gotta keep Walmart open on Christmas to keep all the towel heads happy."-c.nolf
 Repost  itsdaynadane 
・・・
In the  walmart Blueprint 2.0 Lounge at the Thurgood Marshall Leadership Conference!!... 
Aalyah just said she's scared of Walmart 🙄🙄
 Walmart  Ghostfay except he didn't get one? Address the bot issue and salvage some good PR. It's that simple.
Middle of the day Walmart...what was I thinking
Walmart Employee Booty Ass Butt 
 bryankremkau Please contact Vudu Customer Service: 1 (888) 554-8838, or our feedback team at above link, so we can help: -Donna
I'm the preggo at Walmart sitting on the mountainous beer display taking a break and being asked if I'm ok or going into labor 🙄
i just fell in the middle of walmart trying to put a pack of waters in my cart
tHERE IS THIS REALLY PRETTY GUY AT WALMART HE'S DRESSED SO NICELY AND HIS HAIR IS LONG OMG
Mom get outta Walmart and let's get canes already
 Gift  Card  50 Walmart Gift Card  Coupon  BuyNow
. NintendoAmerica fans, did you use the  Walmart sale? 
This could explain Walmart's change in their policy. There are always some bad seeds that make it harder for... 
THIS UGLY WALMART EMPLOYEE JUST IGNORED THIS LIL OLD LADY WHO NEEDED HELP FINDING SOMETHING MY HEART IS BREAKING
Making Matty go to Walmart with me is a pretest of Black Friday shopping this week 😜  wish him luck
Skooter and CJ are now registered at WalMart as well for their wedding. 
Lmao! He LOVES walmart. Then when we leave Walmart, he says "okay, now let's go to heb" 😂 
McDonald's in a Walmart is like serving alcohol at an AA meeting.

KISSMARC LongDistanceLove
 DrDreamCrusher fwiw 🎯 is too but it's mainly to keep up with Walmart
au where harry potter takes place entirely inside of walmart
walmart. female under the influence. stealing something 354pm 11 20 16  portorange police radio scanner
Anyone trying to come to walmart with me for black friday?
 bikerhawk Not a problem. I'll try to get to a Walmart this week to get them, and burn you a new CD.
Go figure, every time I go to Walmart I either always see nasty people or sluts. Today I saw both!  MadisonWing
hey . bout to go to walmart . i want sum pumpkin pie
kid from walmart: he poked my butt
 kathatROS Aside from owning  Jet, Walmart doesn't sell the items on which my boycott is focused.
I've been working on one homework assignment since 10am and I still have to go to Walmart and do some laundry.... help
I liked a  YouTube video Skylanders SWAP FORCE HUNTING - PART 1 (Wave 1) - Toys "R" Us, Walmart, Target &
Walmart up the street 
me want

 jimmyfallon Walmart Special 
 ACRacebest Walmart is a dick sometimes. 
(*She got herself on her own pun. XD.)
Walmart lines make me uncomfortable
gonna go to Walmart and try to find me a fluffy body pillow. then treat myself to some Popeyes.
 KCJO38824  MargiCulp  Walmart here has started checking items vs receipt, when exiting. AND they locked all the make-up displays.
Essential stuff for the parentals😊  shoppingJV  Latecheckin  throwitinthebag  personalshopper (at  walmart) 
In two weeks I pay my last  100. And I will have my ps4 out of layaway.  WalMart  than I will… 
I just saw Ms B at Walmart I'm freaked out
You either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become a Walmart greeter.
Oh man I love sun and moon's abandoned Walmart
 SoDamnTrue because guys won't bitch if they're shirts are from Walmart
They are playing  aaron_watson in Walmart❤️
 RoryAlbanese Well it does seem to basically be when Walmart Moms get to riot, and trample each other.  micspin
Bruh who work at Walmart? Cause I fr wanna know why y'all got 20 lines & only 2 of them bitches be open 🗣🗣🗣
Yikes. Will broken down at a Walmart parking lot in Branson Missouri. Adventuremobile transmission finally gave out… 
 shannoncoulter Walmart not on your list.  It's online
Walmart I dislike you sometimes
Looking for new cookie recipes for the holidays? I found something fun & fast 
 LarenzRobles  Nastie_N8 let's go to Walmart Rn 
 poneet I wonder if my walmart here has that yum yum yum
 GuitarHero Live for  ps4 from  Walmart 
 GuitarHero Live is here! Good chance to get a  greatoffer… 
 Walmart why can your stores cash checks but not break large bills to make change? Is it because you can't charge customers for it?
good fucking morning i fuck sexy girls at the bar and i being silly at walmart but it just a joke
 Inquisitr  Black Friday 2016 Deals And Ads: The Best TV Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, And 
 mbrazee84 We apologize. Please bring it back to the store for a refund or exchange. -Carole
 Nintendo  3DS  Reddit  Livebroadcasting Found these bad boys at Walmart (Hot Wheels) r/nintendo 
My mom is the true mvp. I told her I was sick she went to Walmart and stacked me up with meds, then she ran be a bath w/ candles.
 souljafied Walmart where?
Who's snaggin' this? 
 OttoElectric  FreddyFerocious Walmart
 BookAndABow 2016 Walmart Scholarships Application Deadline December1,2016 
I have to go to Walmart. Will my car make it? Will I die? Will Johnstown ever plow the roads?
 Lexiannndreste Walmart had camo wrapping paper last year!
Cole Beasley vs. Julian Edelman=
Walmart pre-paid phone vs. 256GB iPhone 7 plus Jet black
walmart is doing me dirty by not having my favorite brand of basmati rice
tha hoes be in Walmart i ain't lying😂
Going to Walmart so I can cook
 ObamaMalik Malik, what are you getting at Walmart? 
I can't believe Walmart doesn't have free Baga anymore like what the fuck
Hey KKK I hear Walmart is having a white sale. Better hurry
Stumbled upon this little gem in  Walmart and wondered "where have you been my whole life?" 😂  bacon keeper AND its… 
 srsehgal  Costco You poor lying loser--can you produce a Walmart price tag on the DVD to prove it?
i searched to see if walmart was carrying bst but the first result was a bio of winston churchill
Me at walmart yesterday 
 mrsfaz16  MargiCulp did find a nice fresh  🦃 I know groc stores yesterday's news but po'd  Walmart again bought a toaster asked for a bag 4
Bff & I moved our booties up the road to Walmart, b/c bff's hubby is on his lunch hour. He works in TLE department as a car mechanic.
 Walmart thanks!! Are they open 24/7?
Still need the job done?🤔 Just saw her at Walmart 
Fam taking too long at the Walmart fr trying to walk home 😑
Fri night EB Games had huge line up, didn't make it by closing yesterday, today their cash registers are down. Got Pokemon Sun at Walmart.
 AmaAmaLeeLee  amazon I know the Walmart in my area doesn't ever get anyone over there buying it so you can always try buying it at walmart
 untitledjh same with tarot cards some people reach so far like "i was supposed to have luck and i got a good parking spot at Walmart" bitch
Just let the guy by Walmart holding a sign hit my blunt lmaoo
Everyone is complimenting me on this ring I'm wearing & I got it from a quarter machine at Walmart, but I'm going with it lol
just ran into my hubby's cousins at Walmart...they said Congrats on y'all marriage then asked him "are you happy" i… 
Get a great holiday  recipe & enter this  25 eGift Card from  Walmart  giveaway  christy41970 US/CAN ends 12/6 
How long, do you suppose, before confederate-flag children's jammies start showing up on shelves at Walmart?
 Walmart    
Free Personal + Business Credit Scores   
adorable little old lady helped me pick out a flannel at Walmart today ☺️
It's at Walmart and I want it 
Why tf is Walmart starting black FRIDAY on Thursday at DINNERTIME?????? HELLO THAT IS MASHED POTATO TURKEY & PUMPKIN PIE TIME!!!!!!
My dad called from Walmart specifically to ask if the game had started yet
Save now on Nature Made products! Available at Walmart. 
You Will Not Believe This Walmart Surveillance Camera Footage 
Black Friday 2016 Deals And Ads: The Best TV Deals From Walmart, Best Buy, And Amazon  Facebook  android  app go to 
Got all the Thanksgiving compenents from Walmart. Gonna be lit on Thursday
This lady just made her kid sit on the floor at walmart 😂😂
Delicious  holiday  food should not be your enemy! Enjoy it all=>AD  WanderlustMoms 
Let me not forget. I want 56,082 lemon pepper wings from Wing Stop, 678 Reese's Cups from Walmart, & 3 Vanilla Bean Fraps from Starbucks.
 lovetodeth I HAD TO GO TO WALMART BECAUSE I COULDNT FIND IT ANYWHERE 😂 the struggle is real
Me and Steph stay roasting people in Scottsdale 😂 "No. That's Walmart attire" 😭  hotdogsticks21
Literally sitting at Walmart, and some dude knocks on my window to promote his mixtape... bro it's 2016 get better
Went to Walmart for pads and ending up buying more lipsticks and things to organize my makeup
 IngrahamAngle  JulieCa92128716 Yep! Electric fleece blanket from Walmart! Slice of Heaven in Grand Rapids, MI!!! 😀🌲💤
I liked a  YouTube video from  gamegandhi Walmart Employee Thought We Did Porn!
FUCKKK I LOST MY MOM AT WALMART 😭
 benjaminblare still wouldn't really make sense, being as though Walmart and McDonald's aren't federal
You really should have to have a special license to operate buggys at Walmart 🙄
I've been at Walmart for two hours and we only have like 10 items in this cart. why is my grandma like this?
Told my mom that all I want for Christmas is a 15.00 dollar robe from Walmart and I'll be good 😂
 guy3vanderpool PSA: SNOWMEN AND CHRISTMAS TREE SUGAR COOKIES AT PETERSVILLE WALMART.
 realDonaldTrump there is a walmart 6 miles away from the gulf course, you could send a car to pick me up for a meeting!😎
 303Wes  ericchurch  RedRocksCO it was ridiculous. Finally found it at the  Walmart off Youngfield.
Stopped to visit the elf's while doing some holiday shopping  Walmart. 
2016 Hot Wheels: '94 TOYOTA SUPRA - Fast & And Furious - Walmart Exclusive Car  via eBay v… 
so as i was walking into walmart today i was really cold and last time it was cold i lost jon and the baby. so all of those bad feelings sta
 cephalopodas The estimated pickup date takes into account current inventory and order levels and should be considered accurate. -Donna
Cheapest Generic Viagra & Best Prices For Viagra 100mg & Viagra Vs Cialis & Viagra Generic Walmart 
This lady just went in the men's bathroom at Walmart 😂💀
*waves back at someone while standing at Walmart*  c_brooke97 "who is that?" Me: "Vegas, the Brick House bartender" Chan: ......
 billcrowley3rd mostly white folks working for minimum wage. Working poor. Thank Walmart next time you are there
There was a guy in a bathrobe at Walmart. I contemplated giving him Zoe's number.  ZSchubot
no, i wasn't following you at walmart, there was one exit. i walked around to get stuff for my grandma then walked out. im not studying you
Walmart's BBQ chicken from the deli will always be my  1
Well Walmart didn't have a rowlet THEY HAD SOMETHING EVEN BETTER 
Date goal: Go to Walmart with nate at midnight and mess around, possibly get kicked out😂❤️.
 laney_andea Online at Walmart, they have them at the store it's cheaper online though. You can use it 3 different ways and it's so comfy!
My dad said "let's go to Walmart as a family like everyone else!" Lol
When u see ur ex at Walmart 😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒😒
That was the last straw  Walmart,  amazon is getting all my business now!
We asked nj where he wants to go now that we're leaving Peter pipers and he says Walmart lmao 
😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Rolling Mantel with Infrared Quartz Electric Fireplace -  139.00: Walmart offers Rolling Mantel with Infrared… 
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart🍪, Wal-Mart🍩 haul
 _taylormjay just seen ur daddy in Walmart. lol
I liked a  YouTube video Opening 5x Mystery Power 1 Walmart Boxes! Pokemon TCG unboxing
So i went to walmart today and they didn't have any funko figures i Am sad
 JetHeads  Jet Matter of FACT  Walmart your "free shipping" switch-a-roo to free PICK UP AT A STORE is getting old...
 Walmart screw you guys for letting someone sell a  59.99 item on your site for  500.  No wonder people hate your c… 
More stuff (  Walmart Supercenter in South Jordan, UT) 
Lol my lil sisters boyfriend stole her a huge finding dory sign out of Walmart because she loves finding dory 😂😂😂
 QuirkyBieber there's some for  10 at walmart.
Saw this doggy in the Walmart parking lot - he wanted to say hi 😊 peep rage and I giggling in the window reflection… 
 JordeneElise same ! and it was that nail salon in the Walmart ! never been back there since.
5 Arrested In Shoplifting Enforcement Operation At Suisun City Wal-Mart  sanfrancisco
when the only reason why you got out the bed is because you gotta run to Walmart 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
Damn near left my keys at Walmart 😑
chanel vs walmart nothing but the truth 
Dang it!  I just bought these for my kids Christmas stockings at Walmart.  Now they are cheaper at Target.... 
Nimiwari Ighofose and Andrew Ighofose
Hello!😄 At walmart
The crazy lady blowing her horn because I love to see my family out and about😄😄😄😍
If anyone goes to Walmart and finds these in the 10  section please drop me a note - I need 3 more 
can my mom get out of walmart i'm starving
Walmart finally hired attractive new people 
With this one mention, I fell deeply in love with you and want to marry you and live in a big house with two kids t… 
 TJoseforsky We apologize for the wait. If possible, please share your feedback with the store management so we can improve. -Carole
People come in my job and complain like there's not a Kroger across the street and Walmart 2 streets over lmao you decided to shop here BYE
Upload Walmart receipts showing the purchase of Dr Pepper products to get awesome rewards! 
 rickyrozay buy a Walmart so you can tell em to open up more lines
My dad went to walmart and he wanted sour cream for his dip. He got cottage cheese and then he went to bashas and the sour cream is old 😂😂
LIKE THE TIME I WAS STUCK AT WALMART AT 2 AM AND CONTEMPLATED CALLING DOMINOS FOR PIZZA HAHA 
Does Walmart keep itself accessible and available to the public 24 hours a day?
"Walmart on Sunday" actually translates to "Hell"
Hope I get the job at Walmart
When you wanna go to Walmart but still queasy as fuck from the liquor 😩
Drama in the Walmart shopping cart  wonderwoman  thatsmiletho 
I haven't been to Walmart in yeaarrssssss, today I learned why. 💀
Let me go to  Walmart and get this  PattiLabelle  SweetPotatoPie for dad. I hope he likes it. I prefer  PecanPie myself
Just wasted 200 dollars on nothing at Walmart lol
Please do not shop at Walmart for Black Friday 🙄
 sthrnsportsfan Right? Walmart!
I'm terrified & also a little excited that fucking  Walmart is selling hemp seeds now. Don't know if I trust em tho. 
iPhone 7 Black Fri deal, USA: 0  dn, 2yr contract,  250 GC (Walmart, Target)
iPhone 7 Black Fri deal, Canada:  250 dn, 2yr contract no GC
 truth863 HaHa, bro! We only paid  60 for it at Walmart. Ain't no way I'd pay  300+ for it online. It's JUST LIKE the old one.
The most qualified? Hillary beat who? Rick Lazio & some guy Wikileaks doesn't even have a picture of. Maybe qualifi… 
Here’s  10 off groceries! 
 MaryKayCabot offensive line is offensive. Should be ashamed of themselves. I hear Walmart is hiring
Look for the  Coupon on  OREOcookies at  Walmart!  ad Combine w this offer & save even more… 
Walmart run again.
Guess I'm about to order the corny Chinese by Walmart 🙄😭
So sad and tragic. Over a pair of  basket ball shoes!  Heck I just bought a pair of tennis shoes at Walmart for... 
 amluxmag   burn my down payment !?? Now walgreens and WALMART at least gives u cash back full price even after 30 days and my georgous car
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lakewood, WA 
Someone at Walmart said Merry Christmas to me today and I wanna throw up with excitement
Why.... do I continue to go to the Walmart on Old Nat? Why?
Just saw a baby get its ears pierced at Walmart. How neat.
With the girls at Le Subway.   Walmart Mineral Wells 
How do I still lose my mom in Walmart?
never seen this many people at Walmart 😳
Christmas music 🎶 in full swing at  hamiltonalabama Walmart: When Doves Cry. 🤔
 Forbes how much did Walmart pay you to pretend this wasn't advertising?
Gout some nice new boots for work.   Walmart New Castle 
 Walmart  NintendoAmerica am I confused I thought it was 50 bucks?!?!  AllIWantForChristmas  guessimnotgettingit 
im gonna be bigger than walmart
I be looking ratchet af when I go to Walmart
Picking up Momma's ship to store order. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Lakeland, FL w/  _russell1979) 
Were all over black Friday, right? Like we all agree we no longer care to murder some1   Walmart over a shitty TV right? Were all too tired?
Jeg kunne lide en  YouTube-video fra  aldoworld (CREEPY!) 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT WALMART FORT ⏰ | CHASED BY SCARY
this couple in walmart has on shirts saying "i love my bitch" and his woman's shirt said "chucks bitch"
 jiminskook walmart? again? really bitch whats new!
That time at Walmart in grand prairie TX when you've lost your mom to Patti the Labelle pie aisle & they're screaming  dallascowboys scores
It's so annoying having a friend who can't even go to Walmart
Getting dressed to go to Walmart
Last time I was home me and my dad almost got kicked out of Walmart cause we started playing dodgeball 😩😂
There's 2 dogs running around Walmart right now 😂
 princesssssnay almost seen my snap on an old man yesterday at Walmart 😂
 mouser1977 talked me into a photo at  Walmart too.
 Tay_TooRAWW we never went to Walmart😂
Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals: via  Forbes 
 GouldHeather and I make up the fuck Walmart club
"I'M GETTING LIT TONIGHT" - my cashier at walmart
my eyeliner is from walmart & works just as good as any eyeliner from sephora, u bitches r just extra
Do this!  It's a time saver and soooo easy. 
 Repost  979beat ・・・
If you want to win the flat screen TV and  100 gift card to Walmart so you… 
Because IDGAF.
.
.
.
 WallyWorld  Walmart  Saturday  Airmax  Sneakerboots  KingShit 
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Thibodaux, LA 
"Where have you been?" 
"I went Walmart then plaza" 
"Awe" 😭😭😂
 Repost  979beat 
・・・
If you want to win the flat screen TV and  100 gift card to Walmart so you… 
 t1nst3r We apologize for the inconvenience. Please share the details: -Donna
If you see a guy working out in the middle of Walmart that's my dad
Costco is like Walmart, except good
 Emilyvillaxoxo yes (: it's where Victoria secrets was, on the Walmart side
Dad said he'll give me 50 if I go to Walmart with them 

GLADLY dad, that's another college application for me 🤗🤓
If u want to see every race in the world, go to South Sioux Walmart the Sunday before thanksgiving
[Walmart] 1TB Xbox One S + Gears of War 4 + Star Wars Battlefront + Blu-ray + Generic Wireless Controller ( 299... 
[Walmart] 40" 4K Samsung TV + Xbox One S 1TB Bundle + 4K movie or Xbox One game + Controller ( 499) - Starts at... 
Diamond studs on her list, not in the budget? These might bridge divide:  669, NOW  158  frugal

Enter to win a Christmas Wreath by and a Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways  booklove101 
Dude came up to us in Walmart talking about how you can get free ham at State Farm if you refer 5 people 😂
 ViaMarsala18 I've used Walmart. Pretty simple and smooth
In time for Christmas?  It's not going to be on Walmart shelves. 
It's like target trying to sell to Walmart smh 
I just went into Walmart and yelled what's popping niggers I don't think the African Americans were too happy
Walmart Strikes Again. WTF Things That You Only See At Walmart 
 Walmart 
So fuckin greedy
 daashney March your ass to Walmart and get some wire hangers or you're gonna go insane hahaha
 Mijaamari send me 35 to get my nails done via Walmart
 mckelvey_allie8 Walmart's is better
Look who I found at Walmart  Lin_Manuel  TheRock 
Why this man got on a trench coat in Walmart though... 🤔
Closer shave? Try  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor &  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  SheSpeaksUp 
Grocery shopping day, just saw this R2 my home NEEDS to have it!   Walmart 
There's a car in the Walmart parking lot bouncing with the windows fogged......
 yellerdog12 wonder why no one has told him he can actually buy some eyebrows, Walmart can hook him up 🤔
 LeeBrown_V adventures in Walmart 😂
Was driving to good ole' Walmart when I saw this Ferrari 458🐎😍 
Finna  powerup like..
Got a new blender today,  walmart has them on sale. I'm  hype. 
On this… 
Still haven't took my ass to Walmart to get these wipes 😠
The couple at Walmart talking about going to Vegas instead of having babies are my kind of people
Fuck Walmart
rich smug boomers buying expensive (but cheaply made) toxic plastic from walmart. is god being ironic
In case no one knows what to get me for xmas, vanilla Pepsi 8 pack of cans from jewel/Walmart or cream soda. That is all.
How tf does Walmart not have guardians of the galaxy but they got the Mario bros movie...
I'm so easy to shop for like you get me stuff from Walmart, 5 below and Claire's and I'm good😂 like I'm not picky just very grateful😌😌
Walmart Strikes Yet Again. WTF Things That You Only See At Walmart 
Waiting in a long line at Walmart when your hangry is the worst...😩😩😩
Mom: I'm going to the gym mija. Look for chocolates on sale when you go to walmart
 therocket951 did you ever find the Oreo candy bar? Walmart has them for  4 and they're huge!
can't wait for the Black Friday videos of people squaring up in Walmart
 colettemkp if u grew up in a town with a walmart ur not from the bay😂😂😂
may or may not have been slightly following a guy in Walmart because he smelled so good
When you forget to take a picture at the Children of the Nations dinner, you take one in Walmart… 
Never buy a router from Walmart
when I went to Brimm homecoming I wore alil Walmart skirt, aero collard shirt, cardigan &some uggs! 😩😂 y'all throw that shit on now tho😍
going to the Walmart out Dundalk tomorrow 🙌🏽🎯
Walmart is literally the new hang out spot apparently
i'm sitting outside walmart waiting for my ride and this girl came out to smoke and watch greys anatomy
I worked in retail giants like walmart , HEB ,Kroger and truck stop/travel center .i can sell anything walking off to work again it happens
sent you a  message but wanted to say I see this at every store I've been in small town to cities
This is what happens when you get your kicker at Walmart.  Browns  poordecisions
 minnietoka smh oh I went to Walmart and target yesterday & they both were crazy 😂😂
 petlynxo  Annaxolizaaa good afternoon, welcome to Walmart. Who's taking us then?
Everyone and their mother is at Walmart right now 🙆🏻
 Walmart didn't realize it til i got home, just like today when i got charged for two milks when i only bought one. DONE!
 Ironman0509 Great picture! Thanks for visiting us! -Carole
Admittedly I've never been very good at mathv but I'm pretty sure qhat Walmart + holidays + women in mom jeans stuffed in Ugg boots = Hell
 CoCaLoocaa omg. So is Walmart 😂
 FanuteTheCoupe yea Walmart workers.. He got elite hand speed but that's it.. His chin is too weak.
I walked to Walmart aka 2 blocks from my house&I think I got frost bite in that 2 minute walk so I called a taxi to get me home:/  Alaska
Walmart opens at 6 pm on Thanksgiving. People should be spending time with their families not trampling people for sales.. ridiculous
Best Deals For Xbox One On 2016 Black Friday: Best Buy, Walmart, Target


You Will Not Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
I'm addicted to resident evil 4 it's the best after I watch the walking dead I'm gonna watch my new movie I got fro… 
I want to go get a patti pie but don't feel like driving to Walmart 😭
 kerby_56  HoodiePlug I'm j chillin in Walmart still. Been in line since I left.
Mm Walmart
Walmart experiences 
 Walmart
Are selling NES which everybody knows it costs them less than 60 for 500; taking advantage of their custom… 
I love when my friends sodomize me in a Walmart parking lot with a paint mixer
Soon we’ll look back and realize “Facebook” was just a metaphor for something bigger—à la Walmart in the late 90s 
Do what Walmart does and get Chinese products 
If you ever feel bad about yourself, go to Walmart for 2 minutes and promise that'll change
Why is turn down for what playing in Walmart!?
 Walmart q' so if I buy a dresser online & it says I can pick it up TODAY at my local WM that means that that WM has it in stock, correct?
I'd pay someone to go to Walmart for me right now  dontwanttoleavethehouse
When big companies step up to  green their businesses, we need to show we notice-Thank you  Target  Apple  Walmart… 
New post: RC 6-Axis Quadcopter Flying Drone Only  44.94 (Reg.  120)! 
The Christmas section at Walmart is life changing
I always go to Walmart looking like straight shit & people still be all in my face 😐
 Walmart what you gonna do about it? 
If you want to win the flat screen TV and  100 gift card to Walmart so you can have your very… 
C. Ervana: Homeland Security/Walmart RFID  walmart  martial  law  FEMA
I need to stop going to Walmart looking like 🚮 I just ran into everybody and they momma😑
does walmart send shipping emails
A true American experience: venturing to Walmart the Sunday before Thanksgiving
Love quick & fun cookie recipes?  BakewithBetty has all you need.  ad  ddtank3830604
There's no such thing as a quick trip to Walmart 😒
Julia's first word was "Walmart". I've never laughed so hard in my life
i just saw chris sainato at walmart and he said hello to me  blessed
 Walmart sad day and end of competition. Walmart no longer price matches. Guess they think they won.  We'll see.
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Sarasota, FL 
 britttanyxo it's sold at Walmart! The one in Manchester is sold out I got mine at the one in willimantic. You can always get it online!
[Walmart] 1TB Xbox One S + Gears of War 4 + Deus Ex: Mankind Divided + OEM Xbox One Contro… 
this amount of buttons being undone is like the "french philosopher costume" at walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Monticello, MN 
 jephjacques  Walmart After a bit of googling, HOLY SHIT.
✨  shoutout to Kroger for having all the "thanksgiving items" I needed all in stock today...so glad I ain't go to Walmart...😊🤔
"I'm not being sized for a grapefruit in the middle of walmart!"
Why is turn down for what playing in Walmart rn
Walmart's black Friday starts at Thursday 6 pm. 

1) that's not on Friday... 

2) that's fking disgusting & greedy
Women pay  50 for bras cause they're worried about labels. Buy a bra from Walmart instead of Victoria's Secret, you fool
These are the deals to check out (and the deals to skip) at Walmart on Black Friday 
[Walmart] 1TB Xbox One S + Gears of War 4 + Deus Ex: Mankind Divided + OEM Xbox One Controller ( 299.99) get the De… 
They just played "Party Monster" by  theweeknd in Walmart. 😱
4 Arrested for Fighting at YMCA; Cursing at Walmart Shoppers; Latest School Jobs; Local Woman Needs Your Help 
Walmart bag... 
 MorielleJunisee thank you for choosing Walmart 😉😚
 TwilightSaga The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Parts 1 and 2 (Walmart Exclusive) Blu-ray 
none of my Walmart boyfriends here today except one 😭
What the fuck Walmart has their own radio. Que es esto
 MrTDavis  mabry4849  KellyannePolls  WayneDupreeShow  mike_pence what jobs JoeNBC what jobs did Obama make, Walmart is not a job. LIBTARD!!
 laobr_9 you me osasco walmart bring all of the coins you ahve were having donuts
Black friday at Walmart finna be the funniest shit ever this year . I can feel it .
It's no better than the scooterwhales do it in a Walmart because the last bag of Reeses Buttercups got taken off the shelf so shut up.
literally walmart gross
Why is it always the one thing I need at Walmart they never have ugh!
 haiillss the nail place right by walmart!! it's like  10 i think!!
You think you know fear, then you get the bubble guts at  Walmart...
remind me to never go to Walmart with my roommates
 aviles_9696 wyd I need to pick something up at Walmart 🤔😏
I'm at Walmart in Houston, TX 
Those luxury Egyptian cotton sheets you own may not be luxurious – or Egyptian  reputationmanagement  repwarn 
& I hope they give us a Walmart gift card again !
i swear i live in walmart
I picked the wrong fucking line at Walmart, but it's too late to turn back.
FREE KITTENS! Available now at Sherwood Walmart! 
Even the people at the Walmart think the president-elect is being "whiny" today. And they think it's too soon for Christmas music.
 BleacherReport black friday at walmart 
Don't miss these 20 Walmart Black Friday tech deals 
They said the Walmart in the Steelyard has bed bugs. Be safe.
It disgusts me that  Walmart open at 6pm on Thanksgiving. They're pulling thousands of people away from their families on a holiday 🙄
I bet I love the Walmart order ahead and pick up your grocery service just as much as the employees hate it this week.  Thanksgiving
Walmart. I'm getting all the food lol 
Holy shit, I hate Walmart.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in West Des Moines, IA 
Market Value Nov 2008 (  Billions):
—Walmart  210
—Amazon  22

Market Value Nov 2016 (  Billions):
—Amazon  355
—Walmart  220 — JonErlichman
We stopped at Walmart on the way back last night and I got a sandwich and when I left, I decided to get Burger King & never ate the sandwich
Ever had your 2 yr old scream & throw the worst tantrum in the middle of Walmart while everyone was watching?? Well that just happened us😅😅
New president  realDonaldTrump has made a positive impact already. Huge price drop on Twinkies  Walmart.  BREAKING 
Lol   walmart for almost 48 hours?  ithinkshelovesme 
So  walmart has over an acre of Christmas crap out, but hasn't gotten in rakes yet. WTF???
 mouser1977 having Christmas fun at  Walmart 
I literally just bought 5 things at Walmart and it was  70.....
 NintendoAmerica  Walmart Walmart explain yourself. Everyone is the same price but you. 
tell me why I'm in Walmart for not even 5 minutes and I already lost my mom
I do not feel like going to Walmart.
I literally almost threw up at the thought of never seeing my phone again bc I left it in Walmart thank goodness I found it
a mid-aged white guy who lost  30/hr union job when factory  moved 2Mexico now at WalMart for  10/hr is "privileged" 
Video Games 
Erin found his cat shivering in the Walmart parking lot last night. If you know who she belongs to if anyone please… 
My tour attire has pretty much turned into cute flannels in the ladies sale department and Walmart brand leggings.
Well they work at Walmart mija 
*duck ringtone rings while entering walmart* 
mom: "is there a duck in here?"
Me:"....no.. that's my ringtone.."
*mom stares at me*
Black Friday 2016 Best Deals On iPhone And iPad From Best Buy, Walmart, Target And More - Tech Times 
i literally just tried asking a lady at walmart where tomato sauce is, and she told me to leave her alone... WTF.
Weeaboos get Kicked Out of WALMART! 
Theft: Walmart. Suspect is outside with a cell phone case and some granola. In a black car...Plate number obtained
we went to Walmart 
Forbes : Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals: … 
Finna go to Walmart & get my pictures so i can do my wall
Going to Walmart the Sunday before thanksgiving.... I regret.
Getting dressed up for Walmart. I see the end is nigh.
How many Walmart Wolverines are legitimately debating whether  Jags should put Denard Robinson in at QB right now. Probably lots.  JAXvsDET
im in walmart trying not to breakdown... wow i've really fucked up this time
High expectations are the key to everything.' –Sam Walton, Walmart Founder
Why the fuck my brain gotta register fine fellas working at Walmart like they prob 16
 MikeBacsik  Walmart im buying this razor just b/c mike bacsik does
Someone help me, an old man is following me around Walmart
Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals:  forbes
This is the 2nd time I've had to wait 45min just for a  Walmart employee to get my locked up item.. It's like they don't want your business.
At  Walmart the only place I feel like a super model
when walmart start selling candy canes >
 FunkoPOPsNews just saying ur giving false info and actually all stores have them hot topic, target, Walmart. So I dk who ur promoting
I couldn't say that str8 he got more makeup on than covergirl offers in Walmart and target for regular display
Forbes: Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals:  homes  La…
cashier at walmart looked at me and said "i follow you on instagram" 😂
Walmart style presidency. 
. iHeartRadio Have you heard  HomeFreeGuys new Xmas Album Full Of (Even More)Cheer? Please play it! I'm listening!
Are people seriously getting that lazy to where they have Walmart do their grocery shopping for them and they pick it up when it's ready?
It's a Coke Day.   Walmart Hendersonville - N Anderson Lane 
Yelling   my mom in Walmart bc she doesn't believe in saying happy holidays
Too much ass in Walmart I gotta get outta here lol
 sheets_taylor  Scromberg made mine coming into Walmart too man.🙈🤗
If you're following Me and haven't spent a dime on Me you're the traces of fecal matter on a Walmart shopping cart.
I just saw one of the finest guys I have ever seen in the mke area at Walmart we ran into each other and I dropped all my groceries 😶😶
Walmart Canada - James's iStore  ​Pre-Black Friday Specials at Walmart.ca!
So there was a trolls section in Walmart....,..,......
I guess this is what  Walmart considers "finely" shredded. 
Yoooo I would be SO mad that he ruined all that food. Whether Walmart made it or not! And the poor pies 😅😅 
From Forbes: Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals: 
Cowboy lassoes would-be bike thief in Walmart parking lot 
My dad is online buying a bunch of shit just because Walmart's having a huge sale...and he says I spend to much money
 nerflancer  cog  gearsofwar  raiseemyoung  grubkiller   Walmart… 
We came to Walmart and my brother asked for a pea plant uh
Walmart stresses me the fuck out
 AyeYoVontay Walmart I'm a G at that place. I usually just do everything myself. Don't got time to pick a line which fast or slow.
Forbes: Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals: 
When Walmart start selling Jordans? 
View Black Friday ads: Circulars show deals at Best Buy, Target, Walmart and local favorites.

DETAILS: 
All Americans have to do is to shop only at small businesses and not at  any of the big companies out their! Number 1 company rn is Walmart
I hate walmart
 Artsherpa do I have time to run to walmart???
Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals: … 
Walmart App: Shopping, Savings Catcher, & More – Walmart  apple  apps  shopping
 trudeaucore the first lad I got from Walmart for less than  1.57 he was on clearance, the next two boys from Safeway (different stores)
 JDMcNugentMets  luapula Yeah, but also WalMart sucks. Not to brag, but I got Target money.
Hopefully Walmart gets more trees in! I need a white one!
 rockwizard123  OSWreview they sell 30 day cards at Walmart or target or Kmart or any big chain clothing store. If you're in the states.
 KevTooDope You at walmart
 JDMcNugentMets  luapula Elitism is criticizing shopping at WalMart. Criticizing shopping on Thanksgiving defends traditional US values.
Mom and I just sat in the car at Walmart and cried listening to a song 😅😅😅😅💕
We tried to play that same at Walmart counted 16 upon entry.
SAGGING BED FIX- 
Chantel can do it I can't! I hate shopping at Walmart and winco! I would rather shop at Save Way! Then deal with people!
Need to go to Walmart
Funny Wet Farts Fail People Farting Exploding Diarrhea Pranks In Elevators Videos Walmart… 
 QuirkyJERK got it at Walmart for  5
tear in my heart   walmart im happy
 Walmart aye man. Start carrying coconut cream, breh. I'm TIRED. 
Dad: Going to Walmart, need anything?
Me: 10 puppies
Dad: No
Me: 30?
Dad: *walks away*
Me: More Christmas decorations!
Shout out to Brandon from Walmart, mind your damn business Brandon I can buy as many eggs as I want
Snoopy and the lazier battle at walmart 
Gearing up for Black Friday? Here are Walmart's best video game deals: via Forbes
Both  Walmart,  Target tested their sites by sending traffic exceeding own expectations beforehand- good strategy.  ecommerce  mcommerce
walmart hell u mean 💀💀 
Can't handle Walmart this time of year, there are too many things going on and too many people.
New video up later! Walmart only had this one unfortunately 
 The_Savage_God_ I Got A Perfect Idea So A lot Of Peoples Been Playing GTA 5 In public You Should Mod Gta5 in Walmart or something no balls!
ForbesTech: These are the deals to check out (and the deals to skip) at Walmart on Black Friday … 
 theprospect nope.  They are back to Walmart and reality television
Just left here (at  Walmart Supercenter in San Antonio, TX) 
Market Update Video Analysis & Forecast on  Walmart &  FSLR by  APAZones with  Trading Zones for Week 21 Nov >>… 
 Walmart Opinions Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 6:15:20 PM  CRM  OWCP  UVXY  DIS 
 MCOA Percent Change Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 6:15:20 PM  Walmart  VNQ  TWM  PDP 
Cullinan Associates Inc. Has  244,057,000 Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Getting Started in Value Investing by Charles S. Mizrahi:  SPY  Apple  Intel  IBM  Walmart  DG  COST
NEW Video Analysis on  Walmart &  FSLR with important  Trading Zones Week 21 Nov by  APAZones > 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Shares Sold by Park National Corp OH 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Shares Sold by Washington Trust Bank 
How To Score Up To 1,400% Gains With Weed Stocks. Link:  Walmart  PCLN  P  BSX  BBT  URI  SBGI  WPWR  MNTR
LVM Capital Management Ltd. MI Boosts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
If you follow  ECA This is a must join site! ----> 
 LDOS  ALGN  TOT  Walmart
MU Chesapeake Energy Corp. Current Price
Read More --> 
 MU  WYNN  Walmart  invest
 Walmart - SELL Signal at 68.54 on Nov 18, 16 By Trading Robot  Stockstowatch  Stockmarket  trading  trade  investing
108 Dividend Stocks You Should Have on Your Radar  BoeingC  GILD  GM  HSY  M  QCOM  Walmart  VIAB  GRMN  HAL  dividends
 CNI  BR  Walmart  OLED:

5 Stocks We’d Buy and Hold for the Next 20 Years:


 WIX  STT^G  Walmart  CFMS

STOP Missing Out! Get Trade Ideas - 

Walmart Brings  blockchain To The Grocery Store  Walmart  ResidualBitcoin
Walmart Brings  blockchain To The Grocery Store  Walmart 
Walmart Brings Blockchain To The Grocery Store   Walmart 
Global Week Ahead: Post-Brexit Black Holes and 'Mother Merkel's' election bid  Walmart 
To prepare 4 10M+  consumers visiting Walmart(.)com btwn BF-CM,  Walmart added capacity to cloud infrastructure.  ecommerce  mcommerce  Walmart
 Walmart Stock Forum Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 2:15:20 PM  TWLO  CORN  SPXS  SWKS 
 Walmart &  FSLR  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Zones for Week 21 Nov >… 
12 Great Books on Value Investing:  SPY  Apple  IBM  CSCO  COST  Walmart  PEP  MCD  KSS  LYB  XOM  ADM  investing
 BoeingP  OME  POWL  Walmart

Stop getting into stocks LATE, get in AT THE START! Use this - - 

 SHIP Investor Opinions Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 1:15:20 PM  CORN  SWKS  JAMN  Walmart 
 PDP Stock Message Board Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 1:15:20 PM  KEY  VZ  Walmart  MDY 
 Walmart Recent News Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 12:15:20 PM  COW  TLT  T  TNA 
 SDS Short Sales Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 12:15:20 PM  AGQ  Walmart  ETE  UVXY 
 BoeingP  OME  POWL  Walmart

Trade ideas in real-time - 

Want 3 millionaire stock traders watchlists for FREE?  AUPH  COUP  TWTR  WFM  ARIA  GNK  Walmart  JDST  SPY
 Walmart  NYSE  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Zones for Week 21 Nov >>… 
 BoeingP  OME  POWL  Walmart

Have you guys tried this platform? It's BRILLIANT - 

Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Stake Cut by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. 
If you follow  BoeingP Share your thoughts here ----> 
 CBZ  Walmart  SBOT  GM
FTB Advisors Inc. Has  5,844,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Commonwealth Financial Services LLC Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
 Walmart Company Info Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 11:15:21 AM  DUST  GDX  BTUUQ  EUO 
 CVSI Short Sales Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 11:15:21 AM  EEQ  XLB  NVDA  Walmart 
 PDP Reviews Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 11:15:21 AM  GLD  XLV  Walmart  IYR 
I'd rather own 1,100 shares of  Walmart than 100 shares of  AMZN:  2,200 in dividends after a yr w limited downside risk. Sorry  CNBCFastMoney!
DnB Asset Management AS Invests  1,789,000 in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Position Boosted by Heritage Wealth Advisors 
 Walmart Mobile to take lead role in US retail this holiday season 
Buffett Sold Most Of His Wal-Mart, Should You?  Walmart
 BoeingP  OME  POWL  Walmart

Buy/Sell Signals, Market Pulse, and News. One Platform. - 

 BoeingP  OME  POWL  Walmart

Real-Time Algorithmic Trading Alerts - 

 Walmart:US Is This Why Warren Buffett Is Selling Wal-Mart Stores?  WAL-MART STORES INC   SP500
 BoeingP  OME  POWL  Walmart

The best way to find stocks to trade - 

 XLF Stock Price Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 09:15:20 AM  SCTY  JAMN  Walmart  SQQQ 
 IWF Free Real Time Quotes Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 09:15:20 AM  XOP  OKE  Apple  Walmart 
 BoeingP  OME  POWL  Walmart

Want to INCREASE PROFITS? USE THIS! - 

 Walmart Stock Message Board Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 08:15:20 AM  GBLX  CVSI  CVSI  CDE 
 Walmart Short Sales Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 08:15:20 AM  JAMN  UWTI  ETE  CVSI 
 LB Percent Change Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 08:15:20 AM  Walmart  MDY  SVXY  TWMJF 
 Walmart Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Just Made 2 Big Stock Moves 
 BoeingP  OME  POWL  Walmart

Find Stocks You Should Be Trading 🚨 - 

Making Sense Of Retail's Q3 Results  GPS  HD  LOW  TGT  Walmart  PLCE 
 UNH Investor Opinions Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 07:15:20 AM  SPXS  Walmart  TEUFF  BIIB 
 F Stock Message Board Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 06:15:20 AM  XIV  SVXY  Walmart  JNK 
 Walmart  AMZN:

Buffett Sold Most Of His Wal-Mart, Should You?:


 BrianTh27809143  Walmart is trailing block chain to source the food they sell 
Trump Bumps Market As Financials Roar  TGT  Walmart 
 Apple News Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 05:15:20 AM  GDXJ  Walmart  VXX  CVSI 
 BoeingP  OME  POWL  Walmart

A Platform For Day Traders, By Day Traders. - 

These 7 Retailers Have Been Buying Back Their Stock And So Should You  AMZN  BBBY  JWN  KSS  M  SHLD  TGT  Walmart
 Walmart India's top e-tailer Flipkart eyes groceries; renewed push in furniture 
7 Companies Libs Are Boycotting Because of Trump Family   M  TJX  DDS  Walmart  DSW  BBBY  AMZN (according to Yahoo)
 ARWA  CARB  Walmart  AVGR

The BEST STOCK ALERTS IN REAL TIME. PERIOD. - 

 ARWA  CARB  Walmart  AVGR

Algorithmic Buy/Sell Alerts  🚨 - 

Brokerages Set Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Target Price at  75.84 
 TWER Company Info Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 03:15:23 AM  TM  MCOA  Walmart  SDS 
 KO Percent Change Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 03:15:23 AM  DUST  HYG  Walmart  VZ 
 Walmart Percent Change Updated Sunday, November 20, 2016 03:15:23 AM  AKS  XLF  SVXY  SKT 
 ARWA  CARB  Walmart  AVGR

Algorithmic Buy/Sell Alerts - 

Walmart Walt Disney Co. Current Price
Read More --> 
 Walmart  PRPFX  T  investing
Walmart Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. EOD Data
Read More --> 
 Walmart  SSO  JPM  stocks
My Top 5 Books on Investing in Stocks:  stocks  investing  SPY  Apple  AMZN  DIA  MSFT  Walmart
Walmart Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. E.P.S.
Read More --> 
 Walmart  UNG  TATAMOTORS.IN  stock
HAL ProShares UltraShort NASDAQ Biotechnology Company Info
Read More --> 
 HAL  Walmart  XLV  stocks
Real Estate Investing: How to Flip a House as a Real Estate Investor:  realestate  HD  Walmart  SPY  LL  DE
Walmart Energy Transfer Equity LP Ideas
Read More --> 
 Walmart  TLT  IYR  pennystocks
Walmart Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Exchange
Read More --> 
 Walmart  ACIA  GSV.V  share
FCEL Cisco Systems, Inc. Short Sales
Read More --> 
 FCEL  NVDA  Walmart  stockmarket
 Walmart  NYSE  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Levels for Week 21 Nov >>… 
Sam Walton: Made In America by Sam Walton:  Walmart  COST  SHLD  walmart
