Stuff the bus Saturday with toys & non-perishable food. Drop donations at Target, Fred Meyer & 7th Ave Walmart.… 
I need to go to Walmart b4 I go to work
I swear si calls me every time I'm at Walmart 😂
Being inside a Walmart is so stressful
UP TO 70% OFF TOY WALMART...
SALE ends BLACK FRIDAY.
http:
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
 razorbacksof6 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Meghan went to go buy a Twix in Walmart and came back with a fucking fish & named him Twix🙃
✨✔😘😘Defeat The Ghost For Me! 👻 Walmart☃️:Freestyle? 200k 💎?  Featu

Temptations Cat Treats Just  1.17 At Walmart!  Walmart  Temptations
MONEY:  BlackFriday is one week away, but some deals are already happening 
Enter for your chance to win a  Walmart Gift Card at  LifesABargain!

Enter the  Giveaway here: 
Walmart is definitely the devil 😩
Walmart announced they're opening at 6:00 Thanksgiving night so if you're tired of fighting with your family, come fight with strangers.
this is so gucci vs walmart 
The most exciting part of my Friday night will probably be going to the new Walmart in derby.
 chadiscollins walmart 🐮
when your mom buys you walmart brand chicken nuggets instead of tyson 
I don't even feel like going to Walmart but I'm already out the house now minus well go
I miss my large Walmart smiley face tees 😶
Me and my friends just brought a chicken and a bunch of junk food at Walmart.... friendsgiving?
Walmart Friday Ad With Amazon Price Comparisons via  blm03
Walmart is blackpeoplemeet , I swear 😂
Seth's baby sisters think he works at "Walmart basket" 😂
 MilosParrots Force political dissidents to work at Walmart as slaves.
Thanks to everyone who came by he  CMGTampa cluster at the  walmart in Lutz and donated to the  MetroMinistries… 
nothing's worse then trying to shop at Walmart when it's baby bonus weekend 😭😭😭
 foureverxyours Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Long Beach, CA 
 samantha_chang omg...... Amazon and Walmart (and prob others) were selling pregnant Nun costumes..........Where the "F" was the outrage?!?
Does anyone know if titanfall 2 is worth buying ??? Need answers ASAP I'm at Walmart lol
Phone dying I been sober all day bitches think they cute at this berry walmart
Pooed on some known that they were turd Walmart. Dear
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart , Dollar Tree, Dollar General , Once Upon a Child Haul , Chit/Chat Part 1
"Natalie, look at the cool dude I met today at Walmart" 
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I hate going in Walmart when its crowded I don't be havin time for that shii
My nana want to take forever in walmart so I'm at McDonald's with it
 Love_The_Donald She'd look stunning in something from Walmart. Sheer class is not in just the clothes.
Ordered Christmas cards from Target just because of how much I loathe and avoid going into Walmart.
I hate that i have my own vehicle but I'm still stranded at home. Weep. Take me away someone- specifically to walmart----
really don't feel like going to Walmart 🙄
 BlackFriday is one week away, but some deals are already happening  BSAFunds
I ran into a guy outside Walmart- ZERO clue who he is. And he ended the conversation with have a good night my... 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
Right when I get to Walmart a transformer blows and everything becomes total chaos
 sugarsugs Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
my dad asked my sister to hold something. she put it on a random shelf at walmart, when he asked where it was. she went idk i'm a savage 😭😂
they have the cutest slippers at Walmart
Just heard somebody talking that some elderly lady died at Walmart 😢 but what a way to go!
Frickin Walmart. I'm so  triggered
 brontyman Hypocrite Anti-Christ To Go To Israel.  I Am Sure They Will Appreciate Your Walmart (Arkansas) Values There!
 BlackFriday is one week away, but some deals are already happening 
 LordJuiblex They've left it open for a reason you know.
Where else we gonna put the dissidents, empty Walmart Stores?
I've said too much.,
Lmfaoooo bruh. Walmart brand pasta is like  1. They really wilding buying that frozen shit. 
currently sitting in the walmart parking lot, eating a rotisserie chicken
Help ME win and enter for your shot at a  600 Walmart Gift Card from  CBS6. 
sorry fam but.... 100 for 4 dozen cupcakes with elaborate flavors and displays is a fuckin steal lmao. go to walmart if u dont like it.
 Suhair_95 oh there's one near walmart.
 aaron_teach Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 CreationOfBean they  200 at walmart i think. Some sale or something
 Walmart obvs. I did that. Doesn't matter anyway. I got it from  GameStop  WIN4ME
I'll be making these  whitechocolate Cranberry Layer Bars for  thanksgiving... by  krazykatfreebie via  c0nvey
I'm at Walmart playing with all the toys and man I miss being a kid
👂 this before n the product I go is on the shelf at Walmart now 5 months later. Bull💩 
The King's Strait Out of the Box: Part 2 is finally available for purchase! Get your piece of  GeorgeStrait here:… 
When a new thing comes out today, I expect a big chain store like Walmart to be caught up.
 sophietheallet  MELANIATRUMP  Walmart Do you think Melania wants your gawdy rags.. Try Walmart, teen boys might by your trash rags
 GeorgeStrait  Walmart gotta have this one too!!!
I want to leave Walmart so bad
 bryan4887 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Just went to Walmart to get my Lego Dimensions Sonic figure.

They didn't have it.

Excuse my language, but I'm a little pissed off.
 KirkYuhnke did you get the new Nintendo Classic from  Walmart ? I tried... no luck.  When is it avail again?  NintendoAmerica
Went into Walmart for dog food....  95 later I'm thinking I can't be trusted.. But I did get the dog food so YAY! 
Have been laying on the ground in the front entrance for the last hr. Thank u Walmart
1989 where can i buy into Walmart stock. Thats good advice. I got the bedroom advice covered and spanked. Buhbye
 r_ward Or possibly get a USB charger from Walmart, Source or Best Buy with fast charging port. Just make sure it will output 2.5A.
 catastroV  Walmart It's just like the wii, after the holidays they'll be easier to find. Not worth paying dealer prices.
Thanks to Duane for donating a bag of non-perishable food to Community Food Bank outside Walmart on Herndon and... 
Oh nooooo! 😄   Walmart Lincoln - Andermatt Dr 
It's the perfect time of year for this Seven-Can Soup  recipe from... by  krazykatfreebie via  c0nvey
 BobMcCouch Walmart bit trickier to get to. I live in the 'Whole Foods' part of the Bay Area: 
I like to sit in Walmart's parking lot, leave notes on cars saying "Sorry about the dent" and wait for them to return and search in panic...
I see so many people that I know at Walmart smh 😂
 Walmart I find it a little absurd and upsetting that I can't shop for toddler underwear without your employees breathing down my neck
Why maya dead ass banned from Walmart 💀💀💀
 cmar Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 7O7ERROR have to add its a walmart bag
Anybody wanna hang out with me at Walmart while I wait for my tire to get fixed 😭😭😭😅😅😅😅
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 5 Points! WOO HOO!!
 AskAmex Hi. I purchased a Temporary Card   Walmart today & when i tried registering for a Permanent Card I kept ge… 
Walmart Black Friday LIVE NOW 
My mom invited our Walmart cashier to our thanksgiving dinner because she told us that she didn't have anywhere to go 😅
 RotenHilary Thank God I see women in Walmart dress better than Michelle.
I want to go to Walmart just to walk around and look ugly
Walmart is giving out free wine samples so that's how my night is going
 Poltymon If you haven't already, be sure to sign up for in-stock alerts to be notified when it becomes available again. -Lisa
Walmart Tests the Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety 
I just entered to win a  165 Walmart gift card! You can enter here:
 kenzotweetswhat Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 bulletjournal - "analog" productivity system or  20 notebook I could buy for 50 cents at Walmart? Just a thought.
Walking through walmart in sweats, cum in my hair and no make up. 

Cause fuck you i just got laid hard AF and i need ice cream now
I'm really annoyed that a girl just walked out of publix with no shoes on. Bitch that's Walmart shit. Pls don't try me in a publix.
Omg I walked into the Walmart parking lot and this one dude bodyslammed the guy he was fighting 
Walmart's Black Friday commercial is so unrealistic; there was no trampled ppl, fighting or damaged of merchandise 😋😋😋
 nypost
Why doesn't he have all the Trump voters with him who love to strap on their AR15s and play G.I. Joe at Walmart?
STOTP YALL THEFES GONNA BE WALMART, IN N OUT, 7/11, AND STARBUCKS TRIGGERS AGAUN
I liked a  YouTube video from  realyoboypizza Possibly the Greatest Walmart 24 Hour Challenge of All Time!!
Wtf walmart computers down
Oh, wow,   Walmart just nailed it. 
also I bought concealer. that was my backup in case neither Walmart had Pokémon
 msparkes1997  TweetLikeAGirI walmart
The walmart parking lot was v pretty earlier 
 jludwig86 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I can't believe! I saw my manager in safeway here in Walmart! Lol i was flabbergasted 😂
Black Friday 2016: Best iPhone 7, 7 Plus deals at Target, Walmart, Best Buy, Verizon, AT&T 
WALMART Black Friday ads are here!!!! 
Beauty> Fragrance>Cold Weather Skin Savers at Walmart! > This is... beauty 
 sale Sun Joe Tiller Joe Max 9-Amp Electric Tiller/Cultivator -  159.00: Walmart offers Sun Joe Tiller Joe Max… 
 pam_kaufman12  StephMcMahon  Walmart They look good figures  TMNT
The guy at Walmart was like "why sun and I was like u know what? I don't know. my heart tells me so
I couldn't find my car in the Walmart parking lot while on the phone with my dad and the first thing he says is "are you drunk again?" ...
I thought I was never gone get to a Walmart !
An old man is arguing the price of a radish in Walmart, those are the golden years...
 inglouriosjonze Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 SharkTank  tvseries show about where
billionaires fight over  peanutbutter &  bbqsauce that might
last two weeks in  Walmart before byebye.
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART 
 BinghamtonFloppyPals   Walmart Denver 
Walmart got the patti pies
 3onyourside Trashcans have been blown into the road on Memphis Arlington beside the neighborhood walmart.
Walmart kills my high
 ElTenedor22 Ask Exxon or Blue Cross or Walmart or Boeing or McDonalds or Trump Hotels.
Keranique at CVS, Sephora, or Walmart? - 
Just entered to win a  50  Walmart gift card thanks to  NatureMadeAtWalmart. Here's how:  SweepsEntry 
Enter for a chance to WIN a  50  Walmart e-gift card!  SweepsEntry  NatureMadeAtWalmart (No Purchase Necessary)
Walmart got life twisted
 SimplyTiffany23 but in the end if I can't go I hope I meet them at a random Walmart or something
Just gave a few bucks to a beggar at Walmart, I've been doing it all year! Need good karma for my Cowboys!  RoadToSix
Bite into my Coconutty Cocoa Puffs Bars


 Walmart  NuestroCereal  HoneyNutCheerios  ad 
Walmart workers 😂😂😂 
10 Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
 you_go_gomar Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 twiinkley WALMART ISNT GONNA CLOSE FROM THANKSGIVING TO BLACK FRIDAY HAHAHAKILLMEHAHAHA
walmart on friday night will haunt me forever
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 45 Points! WOO HOO!!
I swear I always get stuck in line behind the most obnoxious people at Walmart. It never fails.
I be getting off Walmart & go straight to hibernating
A gorgeous end table is exactly what you need to make a room feel complete! Shop it here: 
Been living in Belchertown for three months and just yesterday find a Walmart that sells beer 15 minutes away  AmericaHasBeenGreat
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Sulphur, LA 
"There's a sam's club in Walmart?"
 TonyDenniss  Walmart that's the it's sold out but you have in your cart error
Im hearing Walmart plaza may be without power feel free to post your outages here
 hotrodgordon24 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 wornwhite The online walmart sale at 4pm. Sold out in less than 20 seconds!
In Walmart tryna find an aisle to pass gass in but its MFs erwhere
 Arritt750 Walmart lady mustache you question jon
VTech Tote and Go Laptop for  10 + pickup at Walmart - 
It's a good thing gamestop is right next to my walmart bc I don't like leaving walmart when I'm on lunch
Melaina is classy compared to Michelle,  methadone can afford not to go to Walmart for clothes 
 Walmart getting tired of losing out to bots when trying to purchase an NES classic. Give the humans a chance!
 Publix sure, 21804. The area is currently served by Food Lion, ACME and Walmart Supercenter. It is a grocery wasteland. Good people tho
There was someone outside of Walmart that reminded me so much of my abuela and it made me smile
Make it a  WalmartPhotoHoliday with  Walmart Photo canvas gifts like  Hello_Splendid created!  BetterLiving AD… 
Some of the asses that I see at Walmart make me question life. Like how is your butt that nice, you beautiful creature?
my mom sent me to walmart alone & of course i lost my keys in like 5 minutes
Rs blood I just saw somebody thick ass momma in Walmart 😂😂😂🍑🍑
 RoyalLorf I'm not a big fan of them either. They look like fakes or Chinese knockoffs, or something you'd buy at Walmart.
my friend and I are in walmart we're so caucasian
I close the night of Black Friday! 3-12 right by Walmart!!! 
My mom just told me to heel while we are at Walmart
Walmart and Family Dollar's might have the worst employees ever!
 hawaiianislandw  Walmart that's third party not Walmart
Walmart making these Black Friday commercials look stress free 🙄😒
im always the hottest person in walmart its amazing
 Kiki_Reese Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Free on  Listia:  *** WALMART  10.00 GIFT CARD ***. Get it here - 
I haven't been to Walmart in years and i gotta go today because that's the only place that sales royal purple oil for my car
 ElizabethGorin  thehill U know y so many shop at Walmart; with US tariffs, prices will only rise & cost us more & put US cos out of biz
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
Hungry for more? Papa Murphy's on Rancho Vista Blvd has a  10 any large gourmet delite pizza!They are located near Walmart. Stop by today!
Free:  *** WALMART  10.00 GIFT CARD *** 
 covereddwagon  Walmart because they don't put many out.. and bitters buy most of what they do release
Walmart Supercenter is rated gun-Friendly -Mayodan NC-  2AFriendly  GunFriendly  GunRights  2A  Guns  NRA
 donjose1904 Dad went to Walmart and never came back😞
I received  100 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
So Aaron and I just spent a good 20 minute digging through the 5 buck box at Walmart ❤️  MorganSelke
Double standard. Undershirts are  10-4. At Walmart. I'm sure bras not from Victoria secret are less than 50  
her reasoning was "walmart was supposed to refund me 25  but it hasn't come thru" LMAOO 😂
I have seen some whack things in the year I have worked at Walmart, but a lady just gave birth in the fitting room and that tops them all 👶
Guys, gas at the Neighborhood Walmart in Northport is  1.75/ gallon.
I hate Walmart
 byulasfjazz I don't go there because I'm too good for Walmart but I always choose the wrong lines.
NEW ⚠  WALMART 2016 ⚠ All USA people need to see this! via  YouTube
I liked a  YouTube video Ugly Christmas Shirts At Walmart
 LouDobbs  realDonaldTrump  mikepillsbury 
I wonder would that have any effect on Walmart
Hold off on the divorce proceedings;  Walmart photo to the rescue.  stillstuckwithher  wifeoftheyear
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 40 Points! WOO HOO!!
 hawaiianislandw Oh no! We know this can be really frustrating. Did you sign up for price alerts as we are constantly updating. -Divy
//walmart would rather you work until you literally collapse doing it. Then get up and work// 
 pseudosig Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 marclombardi I go to Walmart at 6am. One lane open. Always like 5 people in line with stuff. Sometimes full carts.
Weider Pro 265 Standard Bench with 80 lb Vinyl Weight Set ONLY  79.99 SHIPPED! Regular price is  199!
Grab it here… 
about to buy so much fruit at Walmart
Black Vans & "Walmart" Brands 
THIS IS WHY I WILL NEVER SHOP AT  Walmart 
I was surprised our Walmart got it in time aha 💦💦
Thank you  arikring for giving me +K about Walmart! 
When dinosaurs attack Christmas. Only at Walmart. 
 FPlusPS3  Walmart I had it in the cart and it disappeared before I could pay for it. Robots are buying up
Yes, last night I had a dream about being on a shopping mission in Walmart(? can't remember), then Marshalls, World Market, & PAPA ROLLOS!!
 Angus_Mcfire  eowyn707711 not those walmart bellies 
me: I'd like both those games please!
worker at Walmart: oh wow! everyone's been buying this game today!
me: OH REALLY
 creativitybooster: Auto-post one-liners case studies at Walmart. TOP 10 ideas:  growthhacking  socialmedia
 ForeverrClo I saw him at Walmart Tuesday!
Probably gonna stop at Walmart tomorrow, anyone need anything???
 tobert42  Walmart gotta have faster fingers
 cpqNetworks Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
"so my aunt screenshotted  photos from Facebook and got them printed at  Walmart"  funny  humor  lol 
 Walmart  ianjmoses will you acknowledge problem with bots like & combat it or just keep ignoring customers then blame product popularity ?
There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
Snuggle got better! There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
"Val is the Walmart Great Value Slim Shady"
 Zenrotto bet. We can go on a date to Walmart to buy iTunes/google play gift cards and have a summon button orgy
This girl was on her phone texting while crossing the little parking lot at Walmart & didn't bother looking at the cars passing  by
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
 Walmart is crushing a lot of dreams this holiday season thanks to  NintendoAmerica 😢
Can someone go to walmart for me. Please and thank you
There's like 15 people in line at Walmart and only one person is at the register. This why everyone goes to publix
Watch Your Mail Carefully, If You See A Check Like This From Walmart, Here’s What It Means - 
 RubberbandGotti they be in Walmart and cvs
Every time I walk by the marshmallows in walmart they always smell dank and I end up buying them.
Saw a lady carrying her baby into Walmart with no jacket on or anything . In this weather like bitch 😡
Pretty sure everyone in Jackson county is at Walmart rn
 water__mallon pretty sure the lady at Walmart beat her to it  ifyaaint1styourlast
 Walmart  ianjmoses scalpers using bots are wiping out inventory but they refuse to acknowledge or address it. Lisa please be honest with us
 Retweet  BabyFood  Happy Baby Happy Yogis Organic Superfoods Yogurt 
The Martinsburg Walmart is so gross lol
 Walmart Dear Walmart,
Why are the NES Classics selling out so quickly?
All clear given after 'suspicious package' found in Walmart parking lot 
 VanMetra16 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 sophietheallet so I'll be able to buy your clothes at Walmart then... fucking idiot
 joshmarkovitz This item sold out lightning fast. Sign up for in-stock alerts and be the first in line when it comes back in. -Lisa
 madhatternews don't have   for all that?  hateful_heretic  JoelOsteen Use either  Walmart or  ArmandHammerUK 1/4 t… 
 thugIyfe  thugcry one is walmart & the other one is target. both flops.
 Job Alert:  Bentonville  Jobs Temporary - Recruiting Coordinator, Central… For More Jobs >>> Please Go2 Our Page!
 Walmart - system restored about 25 minutes (self checkout only)
Temptations Cat Treats Just  1.17 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Temptations Cat Treats ... 
Reese Foods Just  0.21 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ** Reese Foods Just  0.21 At ... 
Looking to upgrade our 10 year old Walmart Christmas tree. Does anyone have recommendations on places to buy a good quality flocked Christm…
 TinyKogasa  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
Everybody & their mom are at Walmart mart... glad I could join the crowd😳
What the fuck? This is why I don't go to Walmart anymore. Fucking idiots.
I can't ever go to walmart without wanting to throatpunch everyone that walk slow in front of me
Save BIG on OREO Cookies at Walmart via Couponers United | Free Coupon Classes Orlando FL | ... 
//I know its tough for some, at my job they rather you there and not working then home recovering. I dunno about wa… 
Thought Halloween was over. Saw Zombies, Vampires & other walking dead creatures at store today.

Forgot what the PPL of Walmart look like.
Turkey Time! (  Walmart Supercenter) on  Yelp 
Save now on Nature Made products! Available at Walmart. 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hot Springs, AR 
 MontgomeryPharm Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 ChakraGirl13 n Lisa's sm mind she thinks that he will cheat. He can get a woman at walmart if he wants to cheat.
Yo I just fell in the middle of Walmart my leg cramped up it was the funniest shit ever 😂😂😂
Saw this older man pushing his wife in a wheel chair and dragging his buggy out of Walmart, I just HAD to help him. I love old ppl 😩
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart 
Walmart bus looks the uom teams here  silverbells2016
literally just turned a Walmart cashier vegan. A
 maquisleader  YahooStyle Coming soon to a Walmart near you.... 😂😂
Easiest way to threaten a redneck? You tell that dirty ol' som'bitch to meet you in the Walmart parking lot after 12am
I'm tempted to buy it I just can't see how they stay fresh sitting on Walmart counters all day lol smh 
 Good  Toy Marvel  Legends lot walmart loki hulk thor  IronMan hawkeye avengers  Toys  Kid 
been otp with Walmart forever just to call in wtf 😒
 nicksnider 
Gucci glasses: fucked someone for them 
Gold ring: 3  at your local walmart
You like dick whos bitch you snatchin? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
 miniminter  Tobjizzle chanel vs walmart
Jhene trying to be the Walmart version of Tinashe
was gonna make food an hour and half ago, realized i had no food...
Walmart trip was fun
 Caseyfen2 if you really don't want to go 2  Walmart there r sites where u can sell gift cards for 50-70% on the dollar. I won'tbeback
 JimSterling Chains of Love is currently playing at the Walmart I work at. Your influence spreads. :y
I'm at Walmart and just witnessed a grown man throw a bag of marshmallows like a football to his baby sitting in the shopping cart
at Target and Walmart. I love seeing the aisles and aisles of toys. I love seeing the Stormtrooper stickers on sliding doors. Everything.
Easiest way to threaten a redneck? You tell that dirty ol' som'bitch to meet you in the Walmart parking lot after 12am 👊
Whole Foods is copying Walmart to try and get rid of its 'whole paycheck’ image 
 MatthewrMoore sorry, I left too fast. Blame pre holiday Walmart anxiety. But you can find it in the women's department!
Temptations Cat Treats Just  1.17 At Walmart! 
Reese Foods Just  0.21 At Walmart! 
Dead deer in shopping cart at Virginia Walmart shocks customers: via  AOL
 guyincognito Eeew. Gross. Walmart.
 BlackFriday  Funko POP DC Walmart Black Friday Special Mystery Box Sealed 2016 Impopster New… 
22 Pictures Of Funny People Shopping At Walmart - 
 JoeyConejo Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 TravisBryantNYC except that I'm still Walmart
 FaithHill I got  DeepTracks today at Walmart & love it Faith :) <3  Why is a great song :) <3
Walmart is real fun with no lights 😂😂
I need to go to Walmart
"You got the food, he's got the booze and I've got the drugs-LETS GO!" -Stranger at Walmart
 TravisBryantNYC damn this is like Walmart vs Chanel😲
Why did I wait til the last minute to come to Walmart? They are SO packed! 😑
Are you a health plan pro? Find out and enter to win (2)  100 Walmart gift cards and more! 2 winners total. 
From the way ya'll be moving through Walmart with ya'll buggies, I already have a good idea about how ya'll drive 😒
i was in the bathroom at walmart and some kid was askin their parent what shape their poop was
At a make up store with dereck and he said "that brush is 22  boi you can go to Walmart to get a paint brush for the low"
nike & walmart 
[Walmart] Walmart.ca 9  clearance Alarm clock with Bluetooth speaker 
Couponing at Walmart: Save on Uncle Ben's, Butterball & More via Couponing to Disney - Buy (2) ... 
Ibotta: Weekend Warrior bonus Walmart deal via Couponing to Disney - Ibotta is my favorite money ... 
Almost hit a man in the Walmart parking lot & he just smiled & waved... Forgiveness is real lolz
 Hot1015 Still going! Thank you for your donations to help families in need.  MetroMinistries  BeHope  CMGTampa at… 
They better have a copy of both Pokémon games at this Walmart or I'm gonna decimate fools
 BigBen1096 don't come at me with them Tims that you bought at Walmart 👀
Why Jabari Parker look like Walmart brand Childish Gambino 
CiCi: i don't eat at Applebee's bc they don't sell apples
Me: so u don't shop at walmart bc they dont sell walls?
CiCi: its different 
😐
So I'm at Walmart and I just bought all 7 "Saw" movies for  7.50
 Danimal76 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 mtgsnl  Walmart Agreed. It'll never be corrected though.
What did I bought at walmart last week???? did I even go to walmart??? I'm so confuse
Shame on you  Walmart! Now you are jacking up the price on Nes classic because it in high demand! Online price? 
17:28 Reported Accident at/near WALMART , 2530 JACKSON AVE WEST
Walmart Plans To Track Fresh Produce Like Bitcoin via /r/DogeNews 
Morning, noon or night, these Sticky Pecan Mini-Buns are a delight!  ad   re... by  krazykatfreebie via  c0nvey
 Ny_Lyzette Walmart
It appears a "People of Walmart" convention is in town...
How all you in Walmart saw me and didn't tell me my fly was open???? 😒
 northlandboy Try Walmart for that.
Meet Angel McCoughtry & Coco Miller today! They will be signing autographs from 5-6 pm at Walmart in Snellville (1550 Scenic Hwy N).
Black Friday Xbox One S deals from Best Buy, Costco, Walmart, GameStop and Toys "R" Us - CNET 
I hate employees at my local Walmart they treat everyone so rude 😒😒
Was just at Walmart & a lady with a cart full of groceries handed me an index card that said she needed me to help feed her family 😑  smh
"I don't even have my teeth in and I'm still better looking than you" why is Walmart so classy?? 😐
 christinacrave you're at the doctors and I'm going to Walmart rn
"Walmart does a bang up job" hahahahaha 
I found her twin   Walmart Greensboro - W Elmsley St 
fuck people always making a mess at Walmart. 
Shopping in Walmart: via  YouTube
You're ready to say "I do" - don't let the cost of the ring hold you back. Walmart has stunning, on- 
everyone is getting their copies of Pokemon Sun/Moon today but Walmart can't get me mine until Wednesday?? 
This guy in Walmart looks exactly like Matt omg
 TorqueCP this one is  189 at walmart 
New Printable Coupon For Philadelphia Cream Cheese And Walmart Matchup! 
ASN-Free-Classifieds 
 Best  Toys Marvel legends lot walmart loki hulk thor iron man hawkeye  Avengers  Gifts 
 Cernovich  bakedalaska Buy a Keurig from Kohls,Buy coffee pods all flavors at walmart. BoycottStarbucks whipped cream too yummy!
Driving in the Walmart parking lot 
D-I will hit you and all of your family, bet bitch 😂😂  DarianSeifert
Heading to Walmart to get the rest of baby girls bday supplies
2 days in a row - within 45 sec -  NESClassic in cart but out of stock before payment processes.  insane  nintendo
 HaleeJ bc Walmart said I wanted 30 hours instead of 20 so they got me Monday- Friday and I work at mosaic Saturday and Sunday
 JohnReidy303 Walmart is relaseing limited numbers between now and Thand Thanksgiving on their website.
 Nicholasp1987 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Wal-Mart tackles food safety with test of blockchain technology - involved  are being used to test b... 
Why Walmart Is Losing The Retail Crown 
 JoeMyGod Trumpanzees is my weekend word. I see a Trumpanzees of Walmart page soon.  Trumpanzees  notmypresident
Dilemma: Patti LaBelle's Sweet Potato Pies are available for sale--YAY!  At Walmart--DAMMIT.  I will NOT spend one dollar in a Walmart.
 DeplorableWinnr  syntheticunity  Strugachik  AP why the hell are you shopping at Walmart.?
We cleared the shelves in  walmart! We took all the blanks 4 the homeless. Be apart of  CTF16. We promise u your li… 
About to eat an entire rotisserie chicken from Walmart and not feel bad about it  warmth
 JesusBeMySource  Target somehow went out of business in Canada, when hundreds of thousands prefer it to  Walmart & cross the border for it.
Richmond Police investigating 'suspicious package' in Walmart parking lot 
Walmart got some of the nastiest white people ive ever seen
"providing tools for more detailed analysis." Bloomberg article on Walmart's use of blockchain.
I found a Christmas sweater & a hat to match at Walmart IS was cute lol
 WhiteSchrute across from Walmart on the other side.  5 chicken hibachi. It's amazing.
 hungrymanfoods Care to tell me what that is? The red....I purchased today from Walmart in Azle, Texas. I am at wor… 
I liked a  YouTube video from  deriumspokemon Opening 5x Mystery Power 1 Walmart Boxes! Pokemon TCG unboxing
 bmrn27 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Walmart has 6 donuts for  1!...  1!.... this is why I'm fat
Give the Gift of  DataAndAMovie with a Walmart Family Mobile PLUS Gift Basket 
RX_Shipping Associate - Walmart - Tifton, GA 
I'm happy for Lauren I'm going to buy her a cake from Walmart
Sun Joe Tiller Joe Max 9-Amp Electric Tiller/Cultivator -  159.00: Walmart offers Sun Joe Tiller Joe Max 9-Amp… 
Walmart Plaza lost power!! Stay safe!
Welp. Cancelled Amazon, went to Walmart... 
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
 paradoxspng We're sorry for the confusion. Please let us know more at so we can work to help. -Lisa
 No1Cespedesfan same, I was walking through Walmart with my headphones in cackling down the aisles 😂
 Walmart  DadddyLos it was in my cart and then gone... Go figure right!
 Jmanforeverr Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 DeyNoFunny  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
 Ron_XXI  750 and a  1000 WalMart gift card
 DanyellMiles_ 😭😭😭😂 niggas gotta watch who they nut in or get that plan b on sale at Walmart
Someone go to Walmart w/ me to browse... I'm bored.
Keranique at CVS, Sephora, or Walmart? 
 OhHeyItsRei than it did to walk into Walmart and get the game; she forgot to give me part of the change and had to have the manager unlock
I need to hit Walmart but I'm lazy af but I need hot sauce
 Walmart: Inspiring wishes for generations... 
 GretchenInOK 
Not even if you gave it to me for free. Our 1st lady has too much class to wear that crap. A Walmart design.
What about a ring from Walmart 🤔
stuck at walmart behind some ignorant woman who keeps referring to her gay son as an "it" instead of he
Walmart near me finally got  Joanne my mom has been waiting cause no one had the deluxe!  blessed  purchasedanother… 
 laurabumbala Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Then a trip to Walmart — eating fish at Mr Mikes Seafood 
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Do  pear0213 and I risk going to Walmart
I liked a  YouTube video Walmart and Dollar General Christmas haul
I go to Walmart 
 HBomb1982 I don’t go to Costco. Or Walmart. Too much crazy for me.
Chanel vs Walmart 

DELENA ALWAYS SURVIVE 
I'm just tryna buy a couple air fresheners for my car and Walmart is packed affffffff
High-Tech>Amazon's Black Friday starts early with Alexa's Voice Sh -  htech 
the perfect picnic  Shareyoursummer   ad  walmart  cocacola 
Gratitude:  DCPoliceFdtn jr cadets thankful for turkey meals
CC:  DCPoliceDept  dcpublicschools  Walmart  LexisNexis
 JesusBeMySource So strange. Walmart's bizarro-world & Target isn't bankrupt. America truly is a land of wonders.
walmart: jayroy
chanel: dickroy
 WildThangWilde I just wanna let you know that there are grinch pajama pants at Walmart😍😍
really need to go to walmart but i just don't feel like it 🙄
someone take me to Walmart
 misstoriblack Join us on Saturday, November 19th from 3-6pm at the Walmart Parking Lot in Natrona Heights for a FREE Thanksgiving Dinner.
i'm gonna be in the same state as got7 can you believe I WANT TO SEE THEM AT WALMART
Why the Fuck is Woolworths (Walmart) importing lemons from USA that doesn't taste like lemons; why not Australian grown ones?
spent 280 at walmart and my heart almost stopped 🙄
Its packed af in Walmart they ain't missing me ... I hope not anyway
I played myself by going to this hood as Walmart 😩😩 I was in line and I got some mad they did not have hot coco
 Walmart I received 3 more than I was so supposed to of an item that was ordered, what to do now?
 WilhelmBranden  Walmart I wonder who handles that at corporate? People shouldn't have to put up with that to earn a living.
Reese Foods Just  0.21 At Walmart!  Walmart  Reese
Standing in line at Walmart and the lights go out😯
SamsClub_NewportNewsVAMIT - Walmart - Newport News, VA 
Only in Walmart downtown...  fb 
So I call someone to ask where they are and they tell me they parked at walmart and took a nap in the car..?????????
Went grocery shopping at Walmart after school and there was a ton of Sun and Moon in stock still! Yay! 😄🎉🎉🎉 
 FancyPantsMer Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I be so dead when I go to Walmart 💀💀💀💀 people just don't care
Walmart lit with the auntie and checkerss
Guy let me cut infront of him and tried payin for my stuff at walmart, still good ppl in this world despite how shitty it may seem
I need to go to Walmart 🙄
Lmao nah target and Walmart you go in there for one thing leave out with 20 items 
Anybody on a budget for the holidays Walmart in San Leandro has big turkeys for only  10 ... Go get u one!
Walmart and it's phone reception...smh
"Walmart did a bang up job"😂😂 
 Walmart still waiting for my "this is a popular item" reply.  It is but you don't fight autobots!  That's who bought them!
Walmart  
Orrrr go to Walmart check out and get it for the price of one 🌚 
man ion feel like going to Walmart ..
Chipotle was everything... I forgot to stop at Walmart thoe 🙄
 YnRtmb Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
"Walmart Tests the Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety" 
 Walmart In store pickup checkin using app is useless. Nothing was waiting for me. Had to wait 15 minutes.
See how to save BIG on  Oreo's at  Walmart  snackandsave  OREOcookies  walmart  ad  ad 
Well my stove is fixed so now I can bus to Walmart and get some pop. Sigh not a fan of this cold weather tho.
walmart finally got wifi, i hate my life a little less
I think I lost  400 in Walmart 🤔
 Walmart When is the long awaited restock for the NES Classic???
 SoupCatFishYOLO guess I'm driving to Walmart
Cant wait to try mine. There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Grab Digestive remedies before the  holiday meals  ad 
what the fuck is going on at clinton walmart
! There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Wow... when you drop your side dude drop you off in Walmart parking lot 😂😂
 cozyboyrob_  Nirmit44 exxon in front of walmart?
New video: Walmart Supercenter brings 300 jobs to Abingdon -  XaniaTube
To the sir in the Walmart bathroom stall: if you have to make those sounds to 💩, you should probably see a doctor. Just a recommendation.
Love quick & fun cookie recipes?  BakewithBetty has all you need.  ad  blogwartsgroup
hey  walmart tell me more about  shippingpass since  AmazonHelp and their prime service has become a joke?
Firefighter on leave for alleged sex act at Troy Walmart 
*At Walmart*
Me: "What are we looking for?"
Mom: "Cute boys" 😂
Walmart interested in Peru’s agro-export supply 
 UAKameron Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Jeff C. of Adel, IA  won a  200 Walmart Gift Card
What idiot let's their kid crawl on the Walmart bathroom floor?  parentfail
Mom Sees Homeless Man Holding Up Sign In Walmart Lot, Freezes When She Sees What It Says (Photo) 
Yo, Walmart, tonight when I get off dammit 
 TmPrettyy Walmart
Went to Walmart for milk, spent  75 and you better believe I left without any milk
Went to Walmart to get Gatorade and left with  32 worth of stuff and no Gatorade.  Fail
I liked a  YouTube video from  smashsandhu The 10 Weirdest People at Walmart - Reaction!!
I would give somebody at least  100 for a Nintendo NES Classic. Help me out.  Walmart and  amazon sure are not...
Saw Pokemon Sun & Moon at walmart today. I wonder if its worth buying?  PokemonSunMoon  childhoodgame
Of course Walmart is packed today. They heard Bruno's new album dropped and buying it 😭
Walmart has the Ozark Trail 30-Ounce Double-Wall, Vacuum-Sealed Tumbler for  9.74 
I forgot how entertaining Walmart was before I saw a grown woman in pigtails trying to stop her children from climbing on the produce
Holy Fuck They Have The Dragon Fly From Bo2 At Walmart And I Look At my Mom And She Says Ur Not Little Anymore Im Like Bo2 Was The Best😂
Here at  Walmart, I see  MickeyMouse is already getting ready for the holidays! 🎄 HappyBirthdayMickey 
 Walmart thanks to u I could save my money because she's not with me right now, I couldnt live better.... but I have my money save 7u7
 No, it's called greed before people
 MeLestation Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Power failure at  Walmart  crashed the registrars, so no buying anything for awhile...  fail
I forget how ratchet Toccoa is until I go back and go into the Walmart
Mother and daughter baffled by dead deer in shopping cart inside Walmart  SmartNews
 KHShan Example, a WalMart super center opened near where a family member of mine lives -- they needed a lot of  people.
Joshua is currently running around Walmart yelling about gal bladder pain so there's that.
 TomMcBrady  Walmart  NintendoAmerica  Nintendo I agree!!! So frustrating!!
 LouisXXIV  ______koda okay I will, can I get it at Walmart?
Justice runs to Walmart and comes back with a Christmas 🎄 😂💀, guess we're putting it up tonight ?
I gotta go to Walmart by myself I'm mad
My Walmart doesn't have the album 😢
 Wha_if  Mardarrell  Walmart they prolly never even had any
 ryantate64 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
This line at Walmart is light years long omg
I just saw these 4 12 year olds steal condoms at Walmart 😂😂😳
 Corgi_Kickstand I reserved a 36" one from Walmart. Grabbing it tonight after work. I have my suit in the car still, so I can test it there!
You go to New Castle Walmart you bound to see atleast 3 fat asses
I'm so tempted to go to Walmart and get me a 3ds just so I can play the new Pokémon.
 rayp_photos everyday 5pm eastern on Walmart. And check and set up alerts
 patronusisotter 5pm is next allotment on walmart
Flocked tree from  walmart Budget Friendly Christmas Decor Ideas > 
WOW Thats crazy 
Crying I really don't wanna go back to walmart y'all
Walmart US starts advertising its  blackfriday sales -  deals  sales  christmas  thanksgiving  walmart
PISSED. I forgot ONE FUCKING THING FROM WALMART
 Woriick we'll leave here around 3 tomorrow to get you. i think we'll also go to walmart bc we need shit lmfao
 PredPAPaul  Walmart Nothing like working Thanksgiving day morning making sure people's pictures are printed out for their feast.
Hey Kroger Dawsonville "Marketplace." Quit trying to be Walmart. I don't like Walmart.  AndGetOffMyLawn
 jessouc Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
i was tryna get the coty airspun powder but it's always out of stock at walmart 🙄
The rural people who weren't smart enough to realize they were enabling Walmart to destroy their towns now think immigrants are to blame.
I am in the WalMart of Alcohol right now. Told the clerk all they need is free samples AND OMG THEY DO...WHAT!?
Witnessed a fight at Walmart lol
 Walmart shoppers surprised by dead  Deer in cart


It all costs the same if you're shopping at Walmart 
 twatts_edm  chrisrock_2 it was open and chris didn't do it because he never leaves his house unless he goes to walmart to buy a game
Someone needs to make it stop raining long enough for me to get inside Walmart lol. It's pouring!
Watch Your Mail Carefully, If You See A Check Like This From Walmart, Here’s What It Means 
 Walmart then encourage the scalpers by allowing them to sell at inflated prices ON YOUR marketplace second later.  Double dipping much?2/2
I was so close to having the new classic Nintendo today fuck Walmart!😈
I can't believe Walmart or Dollarama doesn't carry crocks, fuck me up salmon arm
 hemmatron23 Walmart
Cashiers, stockers - Walmart - Denham Springs, LA 
 AUMagic oh I believe I do.... I've been in line longer before at Walmart.... which is the same thing
 ultraboostboyz  Walmart congrats
 mattmullininx Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 itskac working at walmart now & it going to pay the bills but i don't want to settle i want to write & pursue my dream of being a blogger
 hairflyp  NintendoAmerica  Walmart they aren't. Look closer at who it's sold and shipped by. Not Walmart
Star the rough clear wolf from Walmart,
 realfifty  Mardarrell  Walmart so good customers get screwed and these scalpers get 20 units and they're not by their computer
steals cookies from walmart
kbye
 Walmart Are you ever going to explain to your customers why you have allowed bots to take all the inventory?  NESmini then encourage 1/2
 DadddyLos Thanks for reaching out. Please contact so we can try to assist. -Rick
 surlyujest black friday for  99 at walmart or best buy or somewhere else
 MileHighSoles Thanks for reaching out. Please contact so we can try to assist. -Rick
Phillip T. of Browning, MO  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
📷 Who by Walmart on mlk 
 realfifty  Mardarrell  Walmart the problem is scalpers are using bots and wal mart doesn't lock them item when it's in your cart.
Everyone in McKean work at Walmart, it's high school all over again.
Literally going in Walmart with slippers, basketball shorts, a bonnet. So awesome
Is there worse customer service than  WalMart ? If so Ive never seen it.
Walmart's mulled cider candle 😩😩😍😍😍😍
I always see some weird people at Walmart never fails.😳
this is the type of trash i expect to see on uneducated peoples bumpers, not major corporations in 2016  Walmart ??… 
 Rhino_Bob when I was in Walmart CitySC workers told me it was dead due to oil slow down...
Walmart slides n Fiji love 
free download ppt slides for walmart PPT Slide -   ppt  powerpoint  slide  free  download  ppt  slides  for  walmart
 E_Schmeezy Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
im about to walk into walmart lookin so thotty..a ratty t shirt..pajama pants..all black vans...hmm
Did you know 1 out of every 4 dollars spend on groceries in the united States  is spent at a Walmart
 realfifty  Walmart shit good looking out didn't catch that!
 NintendoAmerica I tried for days to get one, driving around, on Walmart's site, but nothing, and not the first time you've done this.
 KamrynGee remember in walmart the other night 😂😛 
 ianjmoses This happens when popular items sell out more quickly than customer can check out. Did you sign up for in-stock alerts? -Lisa
There was feces on the Walmart bathroom floor so now my bum has been reacquainted with the frosty northern BC rest stop.
im not gna lie when i first started mca i only made  1000 a week but that WAY better then working in walmart for  7.75/hr!
As a 16 year old kid walked into our Walmart this day in 2001. Me and about half dozen other people bought a cube 
just discussed with the cashier at walmart how i look like i just went through a bad break up😅
It was daylight when I dropped ashley off at the doors to Walmart .... it's now dark and I'm still sitting in the parking lot
Public service announcement: everyone meet at the Decatur Walmart right now. 
BOA be like Walmart with their tellers I swear 🙄😂
 MollyMcMac girl I worked with at Walmart
i just walked around walmart with a puppy in one hand. i'm one step closer to being paris hilton
just had a stare down with lisa at walmart
 kittenmelk target is my side hoe, don't tell walmart 💕 can't wait to wear em
 818kicks_ Walmart
if u found  20 in walmart kys pls
Sherwood W. of baltimore , MD  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Learn More About Digestive Health Products At Walmart  TameTummyTrouble  ad  walmart  FeelBetterFromTopToBottom
Birds in the Walmart parking lot are a bit much
No rebates for this 32" HDTV for under  98 w/ Free Shipping.  tv  deals  walmart 
I saw my gma walking so picked her up... this woman walked 83 miles to the Saginaw Walmart bc she doesn't have a car...
Mother and daughter baffled by dead deer in shopping cart inside Walmart - Breitbart 
This Dundalk Walmart looks like death white death no lie
Walmart’s pre-Black Friday sale starts right now – here are the best deals so far 
I just walked around Walmart for an hour just to do it because I'm ready to have this child even tho I feel like I've been hit by a truck 🙃
Walmart is a shit storm 99% of the time
maybe at Walmart?? you go anywhere else nowadays and shirts are 30-40  each 🙄 
Walmart Tests the Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety via  CryptoCoinsNews
I'll be making these  whitechocolate Cranberry Layer Bars for  thanksgiving... by  247ModernMom via  c0nvey
Award-winning wine, hot toys,  Jet's Careculator, and a commercial that tugs on the heart strings:… 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist The 10 Weirdest People at Walmart - Reaction!!
The 10 Weirdest People at Walmart - Reaction!!: via  YouTube
Walmart: Better Life Technology Garage Floor Cover For  129.98 w/ fs 
 titleistgator89 yea my job headquarters is in maplewood, right across from the walmart. Just hit me up, I'll show ya around
What's up is playing in Walmart and me and kennedys mom simultaneously start singing along to it
 mysweetone_ target, Walmart, etc in the kitchen gadget isle. Not sure what it's actually called, but you find it there
I hate Walmart so fuckin much
 VelvetMcIntyre Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Walmart catalog shoot
 modeleriksson 
When you get robbed  Walmart and you're pretty sure  TheRock or  chrishemsworth were involved.  NintendoAmerica 
There's still time to donate turkeys at Walmart on Pleasant Grove in Rogers! Buy a Butterball and Butterball will... 
I have to go to Walmart by myself because Justin isn't back from hunting yet... 🙄
Me and Manny went to Walmart just for toothpaste we ended up spending 130 bucks 🙂🙂🙂
Some visit me at Walmart tho
. Walmart supports the  LatinGrammys2016 with a  10k donation to  LasVegasAcademy and surprise performance by… 
 SalazarStudioYT 1st world prob. Doom disc for  20 at walmart. No cd drive in pc....
 MrPeteSake Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Just spoke with Walmart IT Support orders will be cancelled if there are multiple on the same name and address. Enjoy
Walmart has everything. 
 TayRhodes if I. Make it to Walmart befor 7 I can
I haven't used a locker combination since 5th grade.. I have to use one a Walmart and still can't get it right
I just added this to my closet on Poshmark: "George" (Walmart brand) Handbag. via  poshmarkapp  shopmycloset
How to know you live in Tennessee? You see a guy leave Walmart with two confederate flags tied to 2x4's in the back of his truck.
Walked into walmart and heard "never gonna give you up" on the store radio. 
I went back home and cried
Spotted at Walmart -  MatthewrMoore 
Adam Sandler is so rich yet he dresses in Walmart outfits that he spent like  15 on. I wanna be that type rich 😂
 Walmart  I have this recalled food processor and the store won't take it back. Lawsuit waiting to happen?
Make sure you stop at WalMart in Vestal and help  CC_of_CC stock up on turkeys. Pay it forward and help those in ne… 
Arthur W. of Memphis, TN  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
 Ask_Tiny_Steve lol i know that feeling
I drive to walmart everyday after school bc i dont wanna go home
If you want my Walmart bot including one hour of training and support its  500
Walmart has murdered my loop now, smh
Cold  Weather  Skin Savers at Walmart! 
end with a settlement. Sometimes people just don't have the time to deal with this crap and it's quicker to just pay them. Just ask Walmart.
My new diet is gonna consist of those  5 popcorn buckets from Walmart.
Man, working as a cashier at Walmart means you get to witness some weird stuff.
 KingCobraQQ listen bitch it was 2am i was going to walmart and my toes were cold
 ctash yeah, I tried to keep the one in my cart today for if they reopen sale again next week, but  Walmart bumped it out of my cart, too!
 Cayi90 This popular item sold out lightning fast! You can sign up for in-stock alerts on the product page. -Lisa
I want a damn AR15 but dis Walmart hoing 😂
*in Walmart*

Falon: idk what Ima get for my mom, she got enough shoes already 🙄

Lady behind us: get her a gun 👀
😂😂🙅🏼
Dude I'm deadass always at Walmart
i always forget you can buy alcohol in america at like the corner store and at walmart.. must be nice
en walmart
oh and they kept yelling my name in walmart. fun
Anyone wanna go to Walmart with me?
 WalMart pilots automated buy online, pickup in store system by  SupplyChainDive  retail… 
And this dude in Walmart had the nerve to say to me ayeeee what's good 😒😑 
I liked a  YouTube video from  heythatsholly Walmart Beauty Box Fall 2016
looking for a girlfriend at walmart
Enter to win a  100 Walmart gift card!  giveaway Ends 11/30 
THANK YOU  TaiDingBot BEST BOT EVER got both from Walmart 😍 
"My mom left me at Walmart one time, but I wasn't the Son of God!!"  katie_nicolich
 Walmart  ESTxx91 it's fixed so easy too by them. Just add captchas.
 Faith_Nomad Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 BigChris8089  OldSchool80s hell yeah. Walmart selling red ryder bb guns!
 kawaiisarusrex lol holy shit. My walmart is just small and surrounded by old people so I guess I lucked out
Walmart’s lower profits take a page from rival Amazon 
 dcexaminer Remember how Walmart began its invasion across USA? 
Karla L. of Salt Lake City, UT  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Walmart is one of the few places I don't give a shit if I'm not wearing a bra at
Cool Whip Topping Only  0.70 at Walmart! - 
I'm literally gonna be at Walmart until 12 AM :(
To all who want a  NESmini  walmart is selling them online everyday at 2:00 PM PST I have yet to be able to finish… 
 xlovejordan_ Walmart won't let me go home.. 😭
Things that upset me:
1) The people at Walmart
 Walmart  ForBirthdays all's it takes is a simple Captcha too.
 tcot  ccot  LNYHBT  TeaParty Does anyone remember how Walmart launched it's retail invasion in USA? 
Thanks to everyone who came by  Walmart in Lutz to see  DrewOnTheRadio Live and donated a full truck of food to… 
OK, xcept avoiding HILLARY haunts. 
So wonder  ChickfilA Walmart  Crux  ChickfilANews  seanhannity  rushlimbaugh… 
How to get Daniel to behave at Walmart: give him a can of spegettios ☺️
 MiRealCool Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Harming children is the ultimate evil, whether you're slapping your kid senseless in Walmart, or kidnapping them in… 
SAVE  1.00 on ONE (1) BUSH'S Classic Hummus Made Easys Printable  Coupon here -  
Walmart Promises New Stock For The Sold Out NES Classic Edition All Week 
 WalmartNewsroom  Walmart Gee, I hope you don't order tilapia from Washington State.Thank G… 
What 's on your game day menu?  Find some of my favorite recipes here-->   ad  OEP&GameDay  OldElPaso  Walmart
Love yummy treats but can't eat them anymore? Good news - check this out=> AD familyfun… 
10 min  CROCKPOT recipe-I need for bc of my newborn! On my blog!  OldElPaso &  Walmart  AD… 
 SkemoKyle Thank you very much!! I got most of my posters & frames at Walmart! Pretty cheaply made but it gets the job done for the price :)
 SubKultureEnt SWEET JESUS THANK THANK THANK YOU SO MUCH IM CRYING WALMART IM GONNA DIE
 Prodmgmt  Jobs  Walmart is seeking a Product Manager to join their team >> 
Sad...Greenville rescue was performing cpr on an elderly person in the Walmart parking lot...Since they're still here it's not good...
This guy at Walmart gave me horrible customer service. So guess who called the complaint department 😈
REY (JAKKU) 3.75" BLACK SERIES - Force Awakens 3 3/4" STAR WARS NEW Walmart  StarWars 
Metal Gear Solid HD Collection - ... De R 128.9 Por R 89.99 Acesse  game  top  oferta… 
 thebadger865 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Finally over Walmart, and will be doing all my shopping at  Target for now on.  The "demographic" of ppl was...chea… 
 Likefiftychai THANK YOU-im a cashier at Walmart c:
Sep28 Chris d'Entremont expensed  1.97 on Misc. Office Expense - Walmart, 6073, Hand Soap  nspoli
 MonroeComicCon  kat3796  SV_Ephelant I just came out if Walmart..they had AMC cards no Topps. Website says hobby stores.
Walmart has some of the biggest  PreBlackFriday deals around.  You don't have to wait until next Friday to save... 
walmart. 
 markieewoolb  hannah_pruitt6 the amount of time Hannah spends in that part of Walmart is alarming
Police: Woman Shoplifts, Pepper-Sprays Walmart Employees In SW OKC 
Just went in Walmart and pretty sure everybody in there was high on something...
So I'm walking in Walmart and this lil boy in the buggy gon say "look Ma he little" I almost......woosah woosah
Def gotta wear the yeezys with the Walmart jeans
I really hate coming to Walmart alone bc it seems like all the workers think I'm stealing 🙄
So I drive to Walmart and they didn't have it in stock either! 

This is a new, popular album, people. I'm trying to give you my money.
Walmart Layoffs: Troubling Signs For White Collar Workers 
// I found myself a negan poster at Walmart and I bought it. Not even sorry
 EviljLBC Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 MittieArt Do you have a Walmart? I went to the one next to my work after going to two cleared out stores and they said I was the 1st buyer
if anyone that saw me acting in walmart last weekend has a twitter then probably 😂😂😭 
I need to stop playing and change to go to Walmart
Funny how people talk shit cause I work at Walmart but literally have no idea how much I make.
I'm going to walmart looking like a complete bum so I'll probably run into everyone I know.
Workflow (at  Walmart Supercenter in Richmond, VA) 
I liked a  YouTube video from  thepokecapital POKEMON CARD HUNTING At Walmart & More for NEW Pokemon Boxes
 0tiffanyhope0 I can't go to walmart without spending over  100. Makes me wanna start putting stuff back 😂
 Ryan_Hernandez2  FemaleTexts Walmart probably 😂
 TrumpCup Logic: Nope, nevermind, there isn't any. What's next, geniuses? Protest Walmart by only buying Duck Dynasty gear?
I liked a  YouTube video A FIRE IN THE DURANGO WALMART!!!!!!
The Walmart Diet � Man Loses Hundreds of Pounds by Walking to Walmart for Food  
 plsandoval234 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
I liked a  YouTube video Target One Spot, Daiso, Walmart Haul // Christmas Craft Haul
I literally just puked in the Walmart parking lot from eating Sriracha sauce on my sandwich. Cool.
Forex art..  WalMart 
tank just called an aisle at walmart a "hallway" 😭
Saw a lady in  Walmart . Even her camel had a toe . ...
Went to Walmart for one thing... left with 3 bags 🙂
Forest Hill Walmart on lockdown
Fri, up0800am, breakfast, Adv Tai-Chi Park, lunch, Golf Oak Course, Whirlpool, Wendy's-Broc-cheese-potato/chili, walmart, wheel evening.
Prego Farmer's Market Sauce Just  1.98 At Walmart! 
 LegitBritt__ Walmart wanted to report one that had been there two months. 😂😂😂
Yesssss dinner will be on point tonight. Gotta make a Walmart stop then home
 jttidmore101  Walmart literally was logged with cc info saved and could not even get it
My dad is the anxious looking shopper you see in every Walmart.
When you go to buy pokemon moon in a walmart and there is none ugh
 Walmart  ForBirthdays damn Walmart you're losing even more customers now because you refuse to even recognize the… 
 Walmart  T3k how soon? A week? A month?
 OdessaBlessing coconut milk from any drugstore or target or Walmart. I got the conditioner thru Ipsy but there are other DS conditioners :)
Find your  Earth_Balance favorites at  Walmart and enter to  win a  500  giftcard to  GoPlantMade!  giveaway 
I can't believe I missed Walmart calls TWICE 😐
 nofilter as I'm leaving Walmart.  Godisgood 
 StamfordGal Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Do they sell dildos in the DIY section in Walmart?
When  in Walmart 
Had to tell the guy at Walmart that it just came out and he found it in a box they hadn't stocked yet. Got it thoug… 
Across the US, workers hired by staffing agencies move goods for Walmart Target Macy’s Amazon & others. Learn more… 
Walmart NES Classic run got me so anxious, I can't even poop now. Lol
this picture was taken a month ago and my choker is made from  1 ribbon from walmart 
Auto buying desktop based bot or app for walmart and target websites. by FKNY 
Who want to take me to Walmart someone please lol😩😂
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? Pay Pal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 11/30/16 
Lights just went off in Walmart 😳
I had to make a quick run to Walmart. Unplanned. My mom needed to go so I drove her. I thought...that's okay!... 
 Ahmbray09 nope, Walmart gas station 😅
Finally Scored the nes classic on the walmart one second flash sale, pumped!
I just want the new Pokémon game so badly, someone please take me to walmart
 markjacksonKC5  krisspragg  Boost  Walmart  Great deals on Boost prepaid. 
Yo grammaw sell frozen cups at Walmart 😂😂 
what if we worked at the walmart
 _AngelCabral Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 RobertIDK sure ill watch while walking through Walmart no problem!
I HATE  Walmart 🙃
Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Huntsville, AL 
 nothing4dalow  Walmart lol and I'm just here with 124
Me and babe needa take another trip to Walmart
The doctor at my job just gave me a Walmart gift card for thanksgiving guess what I'm about to buy ?? ALCOHOLLLLLLLL😂😂😂
i remember back in the good old days when id wear my walmart men's sweatpants and cat sweatshirt to robarts everyday
Prices for Cialis at Walmart & Buy Cialis Online & Free Cialis & Cost Cialis & Cialis 30 Day Trial Offer 
This is a classic Gucci vs. Walmart idc 
Walmart wifi sucks ass
Harry I like to watch the Walmart doors open - LOL
Just left Walmart. Apparently it's Bad Dye Job Day today and I was none the wiser.
Grab  NatureMadeAtWalmart vitamins and supplements! Enter for a chance to win:  SweepsEntry (No Purchase Necessary)
 T3k Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 FamousKaymo u going back to Walmart over the break ?
Walmart's white collar force being cut down. They said that robots and automation were going to replace people in… 
Was anyone able to get an NES Mini on Walmart tonight?  Ugh.
Working at Walmart in the holidays is literally like "is he a terrorist or do all his kids just need backpacks and digital timers??¿?"
Every time I walk into a Walmart I have the sudden thought of "did I really need to come here?"
 _hcaudle Walmart
LIVE on  Periscope: Walmart Again Real Quick 
 TeamThirstTrap wait for the year Walmart opens on Christmas. Once the big domino falls...everyone else will follow
lmao sure jan, she'll never be olivers in the comics or the films though, keep your teen girl shitty btec walmart s… 
Walking through the Oakdale Walmart makes me feel like a Victoria Secret model 🙈
I need to go to Walmart and get some penetrating weightless argan oil😩
 definitivedee Walmart had none that I've wanted I wanted some geek Christmas shirts
bObsweep PetHair Robotic Vacuum Cleaner and Mop -  199.99: Walmart offers bObsweep PetHair Robotic Vacuum Cleaner… 
 Tiger_Crush I tried to get this at walmart last night but they were out. But there WAS an adorable little girl in a mudkip onesie so
 mlawing Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
On 12/8, we dedicate our Food Pantry to Paul Leckie,  Walmart Manager who passed away a year ago after supporting u… 
I need to go to Walmart🤔
hi guys i fucking bitches in the bathtub lol then being silly at walmart sorry if i say bad word bye
Have you ever been to Walmart
Morning, noon or night, these Sticky Pecan Mini-Buns are a delight!  ad   rec... by  MelissaSwenson via  c0nvey
Walmart Tests the Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety  CryptoCoinNews  Bitcoin
Walmart is a very scary place
I tries to order the Nintendo NES on Walmart today, exactly at 2pm&within SECONDS its gone and I didn't get it in time :'( my dads present..
Replace Walmart by RELIANCE , Reliance Jio &  MukeshNitaAmbani ! 
 Coffee_Chapters I found some good ones at Walmart. Probably will hit up Old Navy as well. They normally have a good selection.
No, example.
Google question: what time does Walmart close?
Person question: what do you wanna eat today? 
Lol 
 fontainedeon what we need to do is boycott Walmart.
Just met my soulmate at Walmart
Why yall keep comparing Chanel to Walmart? Ya know what im talking about. There's one legend, the others are okay. But she's unique.
 walmart tole me i was sol and to buy the nes from the marketplace
y'all.....I haven't had a glazed donut in 3 years, and the one I just ate from Walmart is the best one I've had in my whole life
lol I literally say this same bra at Walmart for  7 
 DoublePTX  people Says a hillbilly Walmart dresser in camouflage and a nascar shirt with a free gas station cozzie as an accessory.
I'm at Walmart in Oreamuno, Cartago 
 Walmart will you acknowledge problem with bots like Amazon did & combat it or just keep ignoring customers then blame product popularity ?
Try Walmart or family dollar. 
People are in Walmart like it's BLACK FRIDAY
<3 There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 OhDangChris they gave me a walmart gift card at work today might as well use it, also thinking if i should buy the new 3ds xl
Nintendo Classic release at 2pm daily and its in cart I can't pick it up in Vegas WTF then don't sell them if we can't pick them up walmart
 LuisRuuska Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 JaymeFoxx Walmart whitle label nachos up on my beltpouch when i Saturn.
 StarWars STAR WARS THE BLACK SERIES ADMIRAL ACKBoeingR 3.75" WALMART EXCLUSIVE  Buzz
 _alexashley lol literally in Walmart rn that's why I tweeted it
Walmart in Herkimer is popping off right now with some really neat people.
 jludwig86  PatTheNESpunk  Walmart me too.  Had one sitting in my cart for 3 days now...cant complete check out at 2pm PST.
 MariuAntonini  TrumpForVets she would look good in sweats from Walmart
Shout out nintendo and walmart
You both joined the moron list for handling limited releases....🖕☜
 Walmart how do I get a printable map for Black Friday?
 kantbot2000  Third_Position gonna try that whole thing again? Cause the Walmart isn't paying well these days? Losers
 GrabYourWallet peeps hope u enjoy boycotting all these stores while shopping at Walmart, which is far worse than the shit u boycotting...
Walmart October-January Sweepstakes
 madiischurman "can u go to Walmart I don't wanna go out rn" nah bitch, it's raining go ur damn self
 Chappymw  Walmart exactly why I will never shop at WM again. They won't even acknowledge the problem. Just scripted robotic responses
 gregauerbach Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart why do you let bots buy all the classic NES when there is a simple fix against that.
i get out my car walking it to walmart and this lazy eye bald head mf gonna ask me am i buying him anything.. gtf out my face 😩
Potty (at  Walmart Supercenter in Lumberton, NC) 
 Badge415 lol good times...  Walmart
Walmart has started their Pre-Black Friday Sale, and right now, they have TONS of toys on sale at great prices!... 
Spotted at walmart😂👀👀  ReaganEnglett
Ozark Trail 10x10-Foot Sun Wall for Gazebo for  10 + pickup at Walmart

Walmart Pre-Black Friday Toy Deals - 
If you plan to buy Butterball Turkey be sure to check out this post! 

Couponing at Walmart: Save on Uncle Ben's,..… 
 Walmart stop blaming it on being popular. It's cuz you let bots buy them all. If it's in my cart should b mine
My fourth grade teacher made me cry and boyyy my mama caught her slippin in Walmart. Teacher requested I move out her class after that.
Marijuana gold rush? Walmart of Weed? Not so fast - The Boston Globe 
 MELANIATRUMP could wear Walmart & look better than Michelle Obama so she doesn't need your help!  Proves how toler… 
When did Walmart open in DC?
Lmfao why are people walking around Walmart with 'team chill' on their shirts
 thegeekbeat  Walmart  vegasbob1975 most frustrating is they won't even acknowledge that bots are a problem. Nothing but scripted responses
 serendipity127_ also some give gift cards as well, I think Walmart has a 40 dollar card with purchase.
My ex-bf offered me to come over and play his  Nintendo 😂 since I failed at inserted my cc data in time trying to buy  NESclassic  Walmart
All the best pre-Black Friday deals you can buy right now at Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon 
I guess she'll just have to shop at 
Walmart has a great selection of holiday trees
Element: The Essential Yoga Beginners Kit With Yoga Block & Strap (DVD + VUDU Digital Copy) (Walmart Exclusive)) 
Element: The Essential Yoga Beginners Kit With Yoga Block & Strap (DVD + VUDU Digital Copy) (Walmart Exclusive)) - 
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA w/  djcyberlegend 
Weed must be legal in Florida cause people randomly blowing in the parking lot at Walmart walking around like it ain't  shit😭
So I paid for my stuff in Walmart that was  7 with a 50 and the cashier gave me back  53 and I didn't even realize it til I got home
 gamespot  Loving Pokémon Moon already, cried when the clerk at Walmart gave me my copy  PokemonisLife
 _butwhowasfone not even target or walmart? they have good cheap bundles
 NobodyBeatsGriz  Walmart - Couldn't agree more.
 Cutneaux get some cheap ones from Walmart, they never break lol
All I Want For Christmas Is You is playing in Walmart rn and I'm really struggling to contain my emotions.
||  TiaMowry +  MsRachelHollis ||
For  Walmart -- they're so super cute!! 
Glam (Tia)… 
left my phone in the middle of the floor in Walmart today lol
A woman hit a guy and his cart at Walmart. Both were knocked over& she did a hit&run.
He said, "I called her a fucking bitch."
 police  mad
At Walmart:  Club  House - Save  1.00   onlinecoupons  printablecoupons  save.ca  save.ca  walmart -... 
 _Baybdoll  ArcaneRatsel  psynister I hardly think Walmart (not Wal-mart as presented mind) runs a haunted house, there's no margin!
Nigga you a Walmart hoe
 Walmart  vegasbob1975 you had them in stock for maybe 2 seconds seconds are you kidding me???? bots took them all
"We need to buy an oven when we go Walmart"
hey whats up I went to a park and found a whole dollar in walmart today 
 Walmart DA my disdain is from WM response to this issue. Your responses are robotic & seem scripted vs an organic human like response
 5 from Walmart. Ballin on a budget 
This is a look at the work done near the entrance of Walmart's shopping area off Hinkleville Rd. 
I just witnessed a Walmart employee dig all up in her nooks & crannies right here in the open😷
 KentAlcantara Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 sale bObsweep PetHair Robotic Vacuum Cleaner and Mop -  199.99: Walmart offers bObsweep PetHair Robotic Vacuum… 
Really hate I have to do to Walmart, but someone broke they joystick to they game 🙄
 walmart your support devon k refused to let me speak to a supervisor
Went to get pokemon sun and walmart didn't have it.... what was i expecting?
Of course. Didn't go down that ONE aisle.  Victory  walmart 
need to go to walmart & buy food 😬
 bfraser747  shoesdotcom  IvankaTrump  We boycott pepsi , Macy's.  all places who do not say christmas in ads  Walmart  ☺
 Walmart yall the plug ?? 
 Walmart failed every human trying 2 buy  NintendoClassic. Bots have won again. I hope these people end up with a stockpile they can't sell.
 RichSoccerMom As long as you're able to nab your item online, the shipping just depends on how much you're willing to spend to get it! -DA
You haven't seen ultimate super ratchet townies until you go to Kroger and Walmart after work on payday.
I thought you'd prefer the 3am ripped nightgown Walmart shopper life! 
I apologize in advance to who ever is coming to Walmart today. Haven't eaten anything since 9.
Anyone ever use these charcoal strips?  biore  walmart  walmartbeautybox  subscriptionbox  skincare 
 LessBlockedSean Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 TENSEMl he lives with sugawara (3 open, half drank mtndew bottles, half a tangerine, yoga pants and walmart tshirts) and +
 walmart great service and servers there  NESmini 
Well Walmart machines are all down
On trap I swear it's a thick bih work in every Walmart 😂
Yo, anybody at Walmart?
Look Walmart. I just want a single hole punch. Why you gotta hide em?
 KingJohnLove  brasilmiss technology is the future , correct ? I mean we could throw in Walmart too
Walmart already got me fucked up I'm tryna see my family I need a couple days off 😡
ok I can't walk to and forth Walmart without the same person stopping me to touch some blue sponge like IM BUSY
Walmart beats on earnings, thanks to the internet (Walmart) 
They were sold out before they were even sold.  NESmini  nintendo  NES  Walmart  WalmartNES  NESClassicEdition  NESClassic  NESBots
Walmart Tests the Beyoncé to Tackle Food Safety via  CryptoCoinsNews
 vegasbob1975 That's actually just a placeholder to show while out of stock. We'll soon have them available again and selling for  60. -DA
She had to get to Walmart before they took the fresh fried foods off the hot bar.  I hope she loses her job and... 
 4girlsdrinktea Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Why can guys wear shirts from Walmart, but when a girl does it she gets her feelings hurt?
Can't even go to target or Walmart or any store without my feet getting swollen af 😂😂
Adam donated some cash to Community Food Bank and got a Blaze shirt! We're outside Walmart off Herndon and 168... 
I've been to the east side and west side today, Costco and sams and Walmart.
Moms of Walmart are UNREAL 
 Savagetree11 yea , my dad came and had to drive the car on the rim to Walmart so he could change the tire
At 1:59  nintendonesclassic was avail- added to cart & it sold out as it was loading. Crazy, man 🙁  nintendonesmini  walmart  nintendo
Walmart Strikes Once Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
 ForBirthdays We're sorry. With popular items, this means it  sold out between when you placed it in your cart and final checkout. -Lisa
One time Nat and I ran into each other at Walmart & we were both with our mom's, and we were both buying zesty cheese Doritos & nothing else
 _BoobieJohnson go to walmart, by a bag of hi-chews now.
 Popehat there's always the  20 Walmart drug dealer flip phone
 jeffroy34  Walmart  NintendoAmerica I think Walmart owes you an explanation!!!
 Tania_Doll  wmdailey  Walmart same thing here. Yesterday was in my cart and checked out then kicked out. Walmart didn't stop autobots
im going to the other Walmart djakdmemxmdmsk if they only have moon too I'll get moon
 JeffreyLeopard  Walmart Hahah thanks Jeffrey! It definitely didn't match!
? There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 groverbox Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Mannnnnnn.... Walmart got some nice big tvs on sale 😀
I just got called out by Dr. Birch in Walmart
'Put them in a walmart' is the new 'get into the sea' 
At least I know whatever happens to me in life, I can always be a Walmart greeter 👍🏼
Powers off but still stuck here :) Walmart <33
If you're on a roadtrip and can't pay for a motel, park at Walmart &amp; sleep in your car. They won't kick you out.
 AutieMichelle Walmart and Waffle House after the club is lit like the club. I used to get most of my numbers in those places AFTER lol
almost got ran over   walmart's parking lot
Interacted with two Trump supporters recently. One of them actually thought Walmart made their store brand soda. Yep.
Sometimes in life you need to go to Walmart and do grocery shopping while listening to "A tribe called quest"
 realhiphop
  thankyou
this man grabbed a pack of diapers & walked outta walmart 😂😂 so bold
 coralvillehawk Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Morning, noon or night, these Sticky Pecan Mini-Buns are a delight!  ad   recipe... by  Mommys_Busy via  c0nvey
Hate going to Walmart because I hate dealing with people
Ibotta is the easiest way to save on your groceries!

Ibotta: Weekend Warrior bonus Walmart deal 


Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic 
 winterschild11 Maybe I can go later today or tomorrow, then... Walmart's always packed, though. It's annoying.
i came to walmart looking fifty shades of rough so if you see me.... pretend you didn't
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
Walmart is all ready for Christmas. Decorations up and music playing. I'm living.
generic flonase & flonase cost at walmart & flonase over the counter walgreens 
That feeling you get when some totally normal person takes the hoveround at  Walmart!!  NoRespect  Lazy
 PickUp (  Walmart in Downey, CA) 
omg this Walmart is out of Pokémon sun and has two copies left of Pokémon moon..... do i go to the other Walmart or get moon
 Ad  LaBreaBakery New pork sliders made w/  LaBreaBakery Take & Bake Rolls available in the freezer section… 
 drewtaylor801 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Deansheremet  Walmart That's awesome, you will be all over the store.
 Walmart and I can't even get a reply on twitter 
I wonder how long this will take 🙄
 Walmart Stop giving the  nesclassicedition to scalpers!!!!! 😡 
 rocunited  OURWmt  Walmart  WSJ Walmart workers deserve a strong union!
F you  walmart it was in my cart!! Would it be okay for someone to take something out of my cart if I were in the s… 
Walmart Tests the Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety - 
Went to Walmart to buy apple headphones -0 luck. came out with 30 dollar toys for both of my kids tho... Kewl. ✊🏻  theyarebreakingme
Louis CK on Walmart 
NOW HIRING WE HAVE THE IMMEDIATE NEED TO HIRE 20 PEOPLE TO PERFORM FOOD DEMONSTRATIONS IN JONESVILLE, MI. AT THE LOCAL WALMART  PureMichigan
 _jewstin Walmart made me wait too long. I don't care anymore
Stay classy Walmart  porn 
Shall I sell on Walmart or Amazon? Our case study on coffee makers: 
Walmart Strikes Yet Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
 Walmart will you have the NES Classic edition Restocked before Black Friday?
the lady in walmart who seen michael grabbed my head & suck on my neck todayyy = 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 idk if she was scared or whaaaa?!
Walmart greeter: "have a good night"
Me: "you too"
Walmart greeter: "I wasn't talking to you"
Me: "sorry"
 PaleHorse333 Spotted a few in walmart today. I guess they thought it was okay to leave trash on the magazine stand.
 OtakuDSKS Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart I got the NES classic on your site at 5 and was checking out & you kicked me off.  Not pleased.  Do the right thing and fix.
Conservatives are just mad starbucks is a liberal company. Don't worry...you guys have hobby lobby, walmart, and chick-fil-a.  TrumpCup
Save on canvas at  Walmart like  popsicleblog did! AD  WalmartPhotoHoliday  WalmartPhoto… 
Hate going to Walmart! Too bad I only have 2 choices in shopping for groceries in this town :(
 Walmart Since when is the Nintendo NES Classic Illegal for Shipping or Pick up 
Better Life Technology G-Floor Garage Floor Cover for 129.98 at Walmart  -  -  At The Best… 
 rach_ann92 how the hell did you get kicked out of Walmart
 wmdailey  Walmart same thing to me! Never said it was in stock. Bullshit!!!!
 CiaoRoni Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
WE HAD WALMART LITTY  drewkelley30 
 kaleifornia how great is the album I tried to buy it this morning at Walmart and they didn't have it out 😢💔
😂😂👈   Walmart Roswell 
Just wait until she is forced to buy something no-label from Walmart for the innaguration because no designer is wi… 
Well you see Walmart had the wolf among us for  5 so that's a thing I now possess
I ran into one of my rlllllly old friends at walmart dmgnjclf awkward,
You're comparing Walmart v-necks to VS bras. 
what is this?! 1980?!
 NintendoAmerica My question is...how the hell do I get my hands on one?  Bots are buying them all out on Walmart.  I just want one. ONE!!!
 T3k Soon, these will be available online and at your local Walmart for easy purchase. Sign up for in-stock notification for alerts! -DA
Prediction: Someone gets trampled at Walmart next Friday. Protester says Black Friday Lives Matter. World gets upset.
Just got back from Walmart with the fig newtons for grandpa. Oh my goodness I almost got in the ditch!  mnwx  fignewtons  ohmygoodness
Went to Walmart with  BaumgartenLena and they wouldn't let us buy pepper spray because we aren't 18😑
Of course we had to check it out!  newwalmart   Walmart Supercenter… 
GETS DRESSED TO GO TO WALMART 
Walmart teams up with hoping to bloom  e-commerce  INFINii opportunity  workathome… 
Get your  oreo cookies  walmart for  1.98/pack!  Ad  snackandsave 
Never e e e ever get packaged spaghetti from Walmart 😷
 CeeVilla03  MommaThatsQuis Kenedy got Walmart HEB basically everything and what KC got? The snow cone place lol
Police: Man used pickup truck as weapon during dispute at Wake Forest Walmart  durhamnc  bullcity
I love Walmart like they just got everything I really stay in Walmart ☺️
DVD-Mystery Of The Shemitah Unlocked  [ Save 64% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
This is not 2 say that Amazon should not be applauded 4 its success in India where even WalMart has failed miserably 
 Walmart  ESTxx91 You won't have them by Christmas and autobots will buy those ones too.  Get a clue.
Wow  Walmart your online site is a joke! By the time you put something in your cart and click check out, someone has taken it and you're SOL
Lets spend the  holidayswithbetty &  walmart >ad  MummaPoet
 Walmart  ESTxx91 lol in stock alerts. good one
Who ever designed Walmart's parking lot was drunk
 Walmart will you be getting more in stores?
if anyone needs help walking in love just walk into the sand springs walmart. trust me on this one.
 Walmart  NintendoAmerica  NesMiniNet this Black Friday I will be going to stores and taking what I want from peoples carts
Lurking behind the GameCenter name, how does WalMart offer  NESClassicEdition consoles online all week? 
Want to have a great game day? Stock up here: Recipe here:  oldelpaso  Walmart  ad
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
 TheDirtyPolak Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
The Best Walmart  BlackFriday Tech Deals: 
 Walmart  Richmondca  hilltop smh that's how they work!!! 
 sophietheallet Your dresses belong in Walmart. After all we want Mrs Obama to still be able you buy your designs.
 RiceGum can I sale your mixtape at Walmart?
 RiceGum DO IT I'll watch it while I'm at walmart
 SteveStaeger  Walmart The programs that are buying them process purchase it so quickly that they've gotten emails by the time we enter info
Walmart is Carrying a Self-Pub POD Book In-Store  SelfPub  SelfPublishing 
 Walmart Thanks for the reply!  Oh wait I didn't get one.  You don't care!
North States Plastic Stairway Gate for  13 + pickup at Walmart

 ESTxx91 We're gonna get a whole bunch of these in stock soon. No worries! Sign up for in-stock alerts so that you can get yours ASAP. -DA
 BigCheeseKIT  Walmart add two to your cart it'll show up then. And I can have that extra one ☺️
 TmPrettyy Walmart should
 Walmart thank you to the rep would actually wrote me back. This isn't a stocking issue, this is a website issue
Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic  BGR
Wind dead ass almost knocked me down in the Walmart parking lot. Think that was really the devil tryna take me out. I ain't fall tho. 😇
There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 KAL79 dude, you need to move to Ashland, Ohio. There is an Aldi here across from a Walmart and they have price wars on eggs.  0.79/dozen
Dear  Walmart and  Walgreens what are you doing with people's negatives after you develop and scan their film?!  NotYourNegs, givem' back.
Catching up with  missamber96 in Walmart parking lot today made me so HAPPY!!!  theredrondo97  GetIt__DUNN your mom ROCKS 🙌🏼
 MrsClooney32 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
. Walmart empowers the future of  LatinGrammys2016 with a  10k donation and surprise  GdZoficial performance for… 
. ToeKnee2GX  unclemike757 but tvs like  50 at walmart 
 StevenLPorter im about to right now! the dude at walmart told me there is alot of dialogue in the beginning
 cpqNetworks  Walmart I don't understand why they don't tie stock to carts. If I get it in my cart, I should have the chance to buy it.
I need to stop going in the fish section at Walmart..bc I just bought two more...
my granpa said hed take me to walmart to get the game but i domt have enough money my mom said shed get it for me because +
Reunited at Walmart lol  Lovefiatuiga. It's been awhile!!
Try Walmart 
 Greta_Frey i tried to buy you some, i got kicked outta walmart!
 SteveStaeger  Walmart Simple turing-like tests that can stop most bots in their tracks. Even Ticketmaster uses now.
You get your face beat for a shift at Walmart? I guess sis
 WomanAndHerBeer  Walmart  NintendoAmerica 3rd day in a row for me :(
I have been trying to get into the gym for 2 weeks now. Got so close yday, was dressed & on my way but somehow detoured & ended up Walmart
 Walmart alerts don't solve the autobot problem. Ignoring it doesn't solve it. Alert ur supervisor. I will never make another purchase at WM
I have to get popcorn chicken every time I go to Walmart
I'm getting ready for  gameday with these Loaded Totchos  ad  recipe  walmart... by  jsismee via  c0nvey
 harley5150quinn  Walmart IKR!!!  I just need ONE for a freaking Christmas gift!! I'm not trying to buy 10 and sell them for  300 each.
 HighTeckMan  Walmart You are one lucky dude.  I got all the way to the end just to have it snatched away...again.
Walmart is the worst.
 BaumanKym You better believe it! I have a  50 Walmart gift card. That will be the last cent I spend at Walmart until everyone else closes.
 lillianyv Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
New story: Police: Man used pickup truck as weapon during dispute at Wake Forest Walmart  wral
 Walmart Three straight failed attempts this week at clicking "BUY" on a Nintendo Classic At 2:01 PST, 60 seconds after on-sale time. C'mon.
Order your groceries online and pick them up w/ WalMart's Grocery Pickup. Find out more with  livelifeinstyle!  
Jesus is the whole town of monticello out of power. Im just trying to get some food after getting kicked out of walmart!
 WALMART  NESMINI  Congrats on your massive loss of customers!!! We'll go elsewhere.  nobots target toysrus gamestop   GHETTOWALMART
 KendallsCGU you can get one at walmart for 3-5 dollars
this lady in walmart touched my ass with her purse on accident and got to apologizing asap lol I'm not no harm mrs. betty
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dallas, GA 
I have been trying to get into the gym for 2 weeks now. Got so close yday, was dressed & on my way but somehow detoured & ended up  Walmart
 Walmart  nesclassic people have told you that others were ordering all of them since you aren’t restricting quantity.  You did nothing.
I received  5 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Your  holiday cookie trays need these Quick Candy Cookies  ad  pioneerwoman... by  ladymarielle via  c0nvey
 Walmart Seriously your website sucks, should I just pay to get the bot or is it going to be possible for humans to buy? Great service!
 WeChatNews Thousands of Walmart workers in China are organizing on WeChat ... - Shanghaiist 
Best part of my day so far was walking out of Walmart and running into  5_bri and almost getting run over while hugging her.
 creativitybooster: Guest-post simple updates at Walmart. TOP 10 ideas:  growthhacking  innovation
I love Walmart! 
Should have just paid the  8 for shipping. Getting to this Walmart to pick up FIFA was a hassle
 browain Walmart has a Black Friday deal for  250 plus a bonus  30 gift card
this line in walmart blowing me.
Walmart Canada Pre Black Friday Online Sale: November 17 – 23 ^.^ only 1 day
 luismjimenez82  Walmart  NintendoAmerica just so frustrating 😕
 TheFriddle  Walmart the only "fix" is to reserve inventory and put timeouts on cart items, like when you buy online concert tickets.
 Walmart When are the Quorn Turk'y going to be restocked at the Ardmore, OK store? Also why has the Beyond Meat line not been restocked?
 amazon  Walmart I can't even load the page before the bots have cleaned out all of the inventory. Great customer service.
I liked a  YouTube video from  aldoworld (CREEPY!) 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT WALMART FORT ⏰ | CHASED BY SCARY
Debating taking a nap in my car at the Walmart parking lot. I'll probably just drive out to some campsite TBH
 Walmart  chrisdunnson Not true.  You're double dipping and don't care.
 Kayla_boise14 Walmart, my treat
I swear almost everyone I've ever met in my entire fucking life is at Walmart rn
 1solesearcher of  Walmart - a supporter of Latinos and the  LatinGrammys2016 - with  chiqui_delgado  
asset/image: 
 mpanighetti  Walmart  Guess I'll just wait until after Christmas when they are available again!
 Walmart Not happy at all with the lack of stock for the NES Classic. I've been trying all this week and no luck what so ever.
Sexy Woman Flashing At Walmart 
It would also be nice if customers had a chance, and  amazon and  walmart blocked  bots that buy everything in 1 second.
 TmPrettyy try Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Rochester, NY 
I wish there was someone around here that I actually liked (besides hubs) to go on random Walmart trips with me. 🙄
Grown men and women are wearing pajamas in Walmart...  stopthistrend
price jumped up on a refresh of the page from  59 to this.....wtf  Walmart 
Delicious  Cookies - no baking skills required! All you need is a little help from  BettyCrocker
--->… 
Anyone who enjoys  Walmart litigation, I highly recommend it's an excellent  source. Wish we had one for  Chipotle.
 M_Ramey Same. Just made a Walmart run. 
 SteveStaeger  Walmart This was yesterday, their freaking load balancer couldn't keep up. They need better admins,… 
Your help desk is a piece of shit. They can't even answer logical questions! 
Russell Men's Power Endure T-Shirt for  4 + pickup at Walmart 
Wore pajamas to Walmart..thought it was appropriate
I can't find my Walmart receipt and now I'm going crazy. 😡
 cpqNetworks  Walmart Not sure what ReCaptcha is.
 nothing4dalow  Walmart lol i cant even get 1 salute!
 keithdmitchell Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 ScarlettL0ve  Walmart bots work almost instantly, no matter how fast you are, they'll snipe that purchase from you  NESClassic
 Eric_Laz That's just a placeholder while out of stock. As soon as more units come in, we'll offer them for  60 thru our website. -DA
 gatorpk321  Walmart They release some for sale everyday...
 SteveStaeger  Walmart There are easy mechanisms in place like ReCaptcha, but it seems this was a good way to get you on site all week long.
 Walmart if a dog shits on your floor just because you pretend it isn't there doesn't mean it doesn't stink. Your company is out of touch
 nailogical holosexual spotted in walmart 
When you know Walmart has problems... 
So I had a NES Classic in my Walmart cart and Walmart pulled it out and said out of stock
 stupidwalmart
 hurleyb_  Walmart  NintendoAmerica   I wouldn't count on it.  They said that's not their policy. That why they're on the news for fights.
I think I'm finna drive to Walmart 🤔
Thanks Walmart, for letting bots buy all your nes minis.  4 days of logging on 5 minutes before and 20 minutes after to be shot down.
 cpqNetworks  Walmart Same here. This was handled remarkably poorly.
 wolfking20ten Walmart has been putting new stock up on their website every day this week at 1pm.
 Walmart Got the Nintendo system in cart.  Immediately hit checkout and it said no longer available.  What a JOKE/SCAM!  Wal-mart...figures
 Walmart I keep receiving an American woman's confirmation/cancellation emails for TV orders plus email re: credit card. I want this to stop
Spent over an hour wandering about Walmart trying to get a flu shot, while they try to verify coverage with the wrong insurance co.
 Walmart wait update; there's for two moms too!!!! 😍👩‍👩‍👧‍👦 
 Walmart sorry I will wait on Amazon to restock because they made a effort to combat autobots while you won't even acknowledge they exist
I stg everybody work   Walmart 😴
guys im buying my pokemon moon at walmart because im white
I have cramps and Jacob and I are at Walmart and I'm sitting in the cart. 
Stranger comes behind him " girl you got the life "
I love it: let's spend money on their expensive coffee as protest. Should stick to Walmart products if you really w… 
 SteveStaeger  Walmart Bots got them all. Tried 3 days in a row. Riddled with errors, today they logged everyone out. Furious as a sysadmin
 ViviBarnes Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart How much do you make from the people over priceing the items on your website.Hatchimals-NES You're double dipping so you don't care
Why are fewer Canadians shopping at Walmart? 
 lillianyv  Walmart it blows...im just so getting to the turned off point on this thing
Pls if anyone stops U in the parking lot of a mall ,Walmart or the home depot and ask if u're interested in some... 
 Caseyfen2  Walmart Show them where it hurts.  With your wallet.   Target  bestbuy  toysrus   gamestop Here we come
 EyeYawnNuh 😢 Try Walmart, Walgreens or CVS. Or maybe order online?
 Walmart doneeeee pissed me off for the day🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏼😡
 Walmart  KHawks84 in stock alerts won't help when you don't have anything to stop the bots from buying them all in seconds
The Walmart Diet – Man Loses Hundreds of Pounds by Walking to Walmart for Food  
The BEST part of  4theboys' movie night gift jar: Photo mug frm  Walmart Photo AD 
 Wha_if  Walmart address bro
Once I hear about a new in-store sale date, Ill be sure to be in line  target about 4 hours b4 the store opens. No  Walmart 4 me lol.
Wow this is the first time I've ever went to the ghetto Walmart and didn't wanna fight anyone lmao
Tried to buy a  NESmini from  Walmart but the shopping cart crashed while it was adding to cart, then it was sold out. I guess the bots win.
Walmart Canada Pre Black Friday Online Sale: November 17 – 23 
 Walmart  amazon I won’t be giving Walmart or my business ever again.
 DLoesch  people That's fine, because Melania can make clothes from Walmart look good. She doesn't need a designer!
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Mulberry, FL 
I stay in Walmart
Maybe Walmart should leave that 499.99 price up when it goes on sale so the bots buy it and inflated price  nes classic
 Caseyfen2  Walmart I asked them the same  ?.  Surprise!!!! No response.  Walmart customer service = HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
 GartrellLinda  AmandaShea_ white trash like you can't afford those shoes. Put your Walmart sneakers on and fuck off.
 JeffreyB_PR Costco has one for German beers, and I believe Walmart has a version before as well
 _SimplyG Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart When a product is as popular as NES Classic, why would you not limit it to 1 per customer?  amazon at least does that
 Walmart just ask  amazon how they do it... they are way better then your shitty company!!  PissedOff  AmazonForTheWin 🙌🏻
This Town’s Walmart Was ABoeingNDONED. What They Did Inside? Oh. My. Gosh!!! - Desertedthings16 
Maybe Walmart should leave that 499.99 price up when it goes on sale so the bots buy it and inflated price  nes mini
 Deir_in_DC WalmartOne, Walmart's official app for employees, has some interesting permissions: 
walks into Walmart to buy Turtle Food.. Comes out with a Cart full of shit... 😂
Why is the AC on in the Walmart bathroom. It's probably colder in there than outside. 🙃
 dgomez_rtr  Walmart  TaiDingBot you are a fucking imbecile. You have a brain of a chicken
Walmart bots preventing me from reliving nostalgia through the NES Classic. Some people just need to disappear.
 Walmart saved in my cart and at the final page and still couldn't purchase! It's not fair at all.
Brandon C. of Sulphur Springs, TX  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
the wiener mobile showed up in the Walmart parking lot. all of a sudden i turned 10 years old!  … 
 TPAIN I look like a lost girl in a Walmart. 😂😂😂😭😭 weak. 
 KiCKSABoeingN We'll soon have plenty of these in stock, not only online but in most of our stores as well. Keep your eyes open for alerts! -DA
 Walmart I get supplies are "limited" but when it's in your cart in stock you should be able to check out. Others get wait listed ...
People of Walmart, thanksgiving is the SAME DAMN TIME, every year. Good lord. I only wanted bananas!
Shame on  walmart for letting bots buy to resell all the  nintendo  nesclassic they advertised to have every day this week   scam  whatajoke
 TPrengel  Walmart I thought it was rolling BoeingCK prices. These guys are rolling something... but not prices.… 
Like walmart isnt going to charge  250 for a nintendo... why not just make more? Lol. The mark up is for secondary marketa
 Walmart Why do you lets bots purchase all the Nintendo  NESmini on your website? I clicked ADD TO CART and it didnt secure my purchase.
 AsianDateGo  Walmart GREAT CLOSET SPACE SAVER LIGHT WEIGHT GREAT PRICE BY 2 U WILL QUAILIFY FOR FREE SHIPPING!!!!
Earn up to 6% cash back from Walmart with  TopCashBackUSA via  TopCashBackUSA
 scottdavenport  Walmart I mean it was literally on the dot refresh click click sold out.
The difference in the cleanliness among Walmart Stores is as drastic as the difference in the talent among Baldwin Brothers
 Walmart are y'all going to block bots from buying up all of the NES in seconds or not? This is bullshit! Humans should be able to purchase!
I get in Walmart and always buy more than what I need 😂
Hey sweetheart, meet me at Walmart now  levicarber
Great job of letting bots sweep in and buy up your stock of nintendo classic's this week  Walmart 😔🙄
 Caseyfen2  Walmart  exactly what I said. I don't doubt it. Walmart pretty ghetto. They r on the news for that kind of thing regularly.
 RafranzDavis  Walmart Same experience here. I don't even want the stupid thing that bad but yeesh!
 walmart
👏You  👏are  👏done  👏here👏 
No security, no cart prioritizing, no NES for my hospital room, I will parish here..alone..no  NESmini 😱
 thepriceisright Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Walmart has no Hawaiian crap
 WalmartMexico  mayra_romero I ❤️ Walmart
 Walmart Donna, this mark guy is really mean and you don't deserve this abuse. ❤️
 Walmart  T3k I got to enter my shipping details before it said it was out of stock
 PredPAPaul  Walmart rotfl they don't ever close anymore they can't lose one penny Mr. Walton I'm sure would be turning over in his grave
 Mardarrell  Walmart yea I was completed on the very last button click and it said error we put it IN a saved for later cart
an xBox Fan tested Walmart's Mii Swordfighter amiibo  amiibobot
im just a Walmart underwear type of girl trying to live a Victoria's Secret underwear life
Nothing wrong with Walmart dressss 😂👍🏼👗👗👗👠👠👠 
"That little boy just popped a wheely on his little Walmart bike"
 iamseanmcd  Walmart  NintendoAmerica you got a lot farther then most people who are not BOTS
Yelling  jackcepticeyes intro in a walmart parking lot:  my reaction. 
Walmart Community  Grant Program: due Dec 31, 2016; from  250- 2,500 to support hunger relief 
The one place that takes all my money, WALMART😡
free download ppt slides for walmart PPT Templates -   free  download  ppt  slides  for  walmart
 iheartbaconz they sell them at Walmart.
 Bombclancy not if you're in Austin! Or at Walmart. :D
I don't agree w/ Walmart or Hobby Lobby so I don't shop there. You idiots are giving Starbucks money in "protest"?… 
just got a call from my bank sayin somebody in Texas tried using my card at walmart for  200 & that my bank account is now frozen YAY THX
I'm going to Walmart in spandex & flip flops and idk if I should hate myself or not care 😂
 Walmart you're a huge company.  You can put in software that stops robots from buying things like NES classics.  Had one in cart but NO!!
chanel vs walmart 
 Walmart i mean show up
 RafranzDavis At first I thought you might be buying a shotgun, not a game console. I can see how  Walmart might confuse them :)
 pangrazzi22 I had to be 17 to purchase superglue at Walmart...they asked for my ID.
SOMEONE COME SIT IN THE WALMART CART. WE MUST RIDE!
 SunPrairieTech  Walmart The NES classic
It's easier to find and buy drugs than an NES Classic. Wtf.  Walmart  NintendoAmerica
 HighTeckMan  Walmart You are one of a few. The rest of us were screwed over by bots.
I liked a  YouTube video from  arcadejackpotpr Arcade Claw Machine Walmart & Meijer Trip What Can I Win?
the  nesclassic sells out instantly bc of bots &  walmart's response is "we've sorry". "I've sorry" for even trying… 
That moment you get to put the in stock Nintendo nes in your cart only to get an error then 'out of stock' when you try to pay...😡😤  Walmart
"Walmart did a bang up job" 😂 
Yeah I did this yesterday 🙄 but I was at Walmart  WalmartIsTheDevil  TargetToo 😂😂 
 Walmart cool. I'll start taking items from carts as ppl check out in store.When store workers say something, I'll use this justification.
 PeteWhiz  RobHinesWriter That was the Walmart website.
 Walmart  chrisdunnson they sell fast because walmart won't restrict it to one per person
 Jeauxlina There's a small window of oppty to make the change. Reach out to us at 1-800-WALMART or for help. -DA
 Walmart with the biggest hoax of the holiday season... it's an NES Mini guys... your not shipping DRUGS!!!… 
Ik vind een  YouTube-video van  thepokecapital leuk: POKEMON CARD HUNTING At Walmart & More for NEW Pokemon
Thank god the  Walmart  nintendoNESmini BS is over! After learning about the Bots shopping sprees attacking  Walmarts site no chance in hell
 yay_itsrai  Walmart  Target what happened?
 GGrantisKTA not at Walmart tho Sherry Longcrier is the plug
I'm not a prostitute mr creepy old man at the Walmart. I will not have sex with you for "two hunnid bucks"
 Bigmeech172  Walmart i dont need to troll im lying about the baby mommas tho.
 ScarlettL0ve  Walmart unless you can refresh and check out within seconds, you'll never beat bots that people set up  NESClassic
 Walmart Donna, don't listen to them. You're doing a great job. Mark is just mad at other things, don't let him get to you.
No Walmart ...  you are opening THANKSGIVING at 6pm...  not Thursday at 6pm. Close for one freaking day for heavens sake.
 johnblueriggs walmart is a joke..just like gamestop..
 YeezyProxies  ATCproxys great Walmart proxies lol
I don't care if  Walmart has the Nintendo  NESmini in stock. I'm taking my business to  target or  microcenter now.… 
 JMHEEN  Walmart  rollins1911 if you got something I want in your cart I'm taking it.. HitEmWithTheHein
There's a guy at my job that looks like a Walmart version of Kris Bryant
 DigitalTrends  NintendoAmerica  Walmart I don't think 1 real person got one just scalpers with their bots.
 Walmart  rollins1911 happened to me three days n a row smh
Eating my  feelings since  Walmart site would t let me pay for a  nesclassic again  Nintendo  holidayfail  cupcakes. 
 Walmart Hundreds of re sellers posting their multiple successful bot orders of the  NESmini when this could easily be prevented
 NintendoAmerica Do something about retailers like  Walmart letting bots swallow up all the  nesclassic consoles.
the NES classic is still not up on Walmart's website

gay
That bs i refrash the page at and nothing showull up i call bs here  NESClassicEdition
 SteveStaeger  Walmart - Bots
 WalMart.com is the worst website! Was trying to help a friend with a purchase & she got hustled! Which is why I do… 
I hope  walmart bots that buy nes classic get in-operable brain tumors and their kids orphaned by Christmas.
 walmart Kinda hard to buy anything when you let scammers buy them all in 5 seconds... 
 Debb_Legacy if he told me no, I would of been mad af pouting all over walmart bout how I never get my way😂😂😂😂
The blackest music ever in a Walmart commercial featuring no black shoppers. 🤔  theculturebutnotthepeople
 sclassrank7 ITS NOT GAMESTOP ITS WALMART IDK IF WE EEVEN HAVE A GAMESTOP HERE
 Walmart please explain this  EpicFail  Item was in my cart at 5pm, but not when I check out seconds later.… 
 nolesince92  DrewGHowell  Walmart my gosh, yes.
 Walmart wait so even though I have nintendo in my cart it is still sold out? How? Why?  wasteoftime
Hamilton Walmart should be a reality show ...! Js !!  ima be nice, no pictures 😂😂😂
We're having a bake sale tomorrow at Marietta Walmart from 10-2! Stop by & get some goodies to help us raise some funds for  RelayForLifeWC!
 DenO_Tokunation You might get a keychain like I did from the last false walmart ad I fell into.
Just in case anyone was wondering, there is a sweater of a cat wearing a sweater at Walmart for like  10. You're we… 
NWAonline - Walmart Foundation gives  500,000 to Washington Regional 
*************2 Sided Guitars WalMart Get on the shelf 2013 via  YouTube
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Garland, TX 
 Walmart Hey donna, I know this is a long shot but... 
. There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
 Caseyfen2  Walmart you win the internet today
I love them all!  There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Prediction:
The discount turkey fryers on sale at Walmart will lead to at least one death by fire this year.
 MitchTheLord I wked at walmart for 2yrs. Had a guy come in once stark naked & buy clothes to wear... why u naked?!?
More of the same today  walmart 😢  nintendoclassic in cart can't deliver, then button lit but won't add. Beyond fru… 
 fsuZEKE  DrewGHowell  Walmart double dragon is the business
 thedivuh that old 'farmers market' in Logan is now a WalMart neighborhood store lol
 Walmart clicked refresh for 15 minutes, still couldn't get an  nesclassic
Well that's a messy pie  Crockett  countryradio  froggy101  thanksgiving   Walmart Tunkhannock 
best match for  olive  oil books? The Healing Powers of  Olive  Oil
self-help health care-h… 
No  Walmart ...  you are opening THANKSGIVING at 6pm...  not Thursday at 6pm. Close for one freaking day for heavens sake.
Make cooking even easier with the Super Slicer – now available at Walmart for just  10.97! 
 PatTheNESpunk if i was a robot i'd have mine but i'm not so i missed again on  walmart because i cant check out faster than 5 sec.
 Walmart I got all the way to confirm payment this time, but still couldn't get a  NintendoClassic . Way to limit the qty to buy so bots get
Stress Free Holiday Travel Tips  LivePadFree Find  poise Impressa  walmart - Powered By Mom -… 
 JWal17  Walmart and  NintendoAmerica screwing people over and laughing
Walmart  MTVStarsFifthHarmony  AP40FifthHarmony
Men Brought a Dead Buck into a Virginia Walmart, and No One Knows Why  walmart 
I was at Walmart and went to leave and my car door wouldn't unlock and open. Then I realized it wasn't even my car 😂😅😅
Things didn't go well for  Crockett   Walmart Tunkhannock 
I somehow managed to purchase one! YAY!  NintendoNES  Walmart 
LIVE on  Periscope: Walmart Real Quick 
 NintendoAmerica well this is day 4 that  Walmart was bought out by bots. Impossible to beat bots to purchase online  nesclassic  emptyhands
 Walmart How do i get it in my cart and then it is no longer available!!! Click add - Click check out - screw you s… 
 Walmart the Nintendos sell fast because bots are buying them. Add a captcha. Or is that too hard for a multi billion dollar company?
 nolesince92  DrewGHowell  Walmart soooo good 😩😩
 Walmart obviously.
Phillips Ladyshave Wet or Dry Shaver Deal  ladyshave  phillips  walmart
I want lunch. I'm going too Walmart .
Thanks for nothing  walmart! I didn't mind giving you some business but I guess you do. Thanks for making up my min… 
this long ass line in walmart😒
But where would you buy a shirt like that? Walmart?
How does one fill a pool with walmart
All the best pre-Black Friday deals you can buy right now at Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon - BGR 
 fsuZEKE  DrewGHowell  Walmart ok that's a good selection
The S10s are here!   Walmart Tunkhannock 
 Pinback  Bobble  Funko Pop  Batman Vs. Superman Glow In the Dark Walmart Exclusive 2 pack  Store  Mall
Hey There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
Had one IN MY FUCKING cart. Walmart online wouldn't allow guest check out. Nes was sold out by the time I figured out my account password
 KOP_Dav1d go to Walmart
 nothing4dalow  Walmart we dont believe u
the wiener mobile is here today! see the photos (  Walmart Supercenter) on  Yelp 
 SteveStaeger  Walmart sounds like a 9wantstoknow story coming up!
Walmart is a half palestinian boy at my highschool is voting for trump and im honestly not surprised at all.
*grumble grumble*  walmart
 Walmart your website is trash and your idea of how a cart works is trash
 Walmart at 5 pm exactly I added an NES to my cart only to checkout and be told out of stock. Wtf. Unfair.  AmazonhasNintendos
Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp: all you need to know! 
 Walmart nintendo classic flash sale was impossible 4 humans. Sold out in 2 seconds. Bots got em all. Screen shot w… 
What a hoax from Walmart... had it in my cart and when I go check out they won't ship to NYC because of state reg!!… 
 Walmart NES Classic daily hype Machine worked for you, but a terrible idea that just frustrated people.   CartJacked 3 days in a row  verge
Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp: yep were fans! 
Wow  Walmart just charged me 3 times for the same item
Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic  bgr
No way it is almost in my cart...I lost it again....plz provide more...😥😫😅😂 nesclassicedition  Nintendo  NESmini  Walmart
When an entire community comes together everyone wins. Thank you  Walmart and  AlleghenyBadge for sharing meals wit… 
Work!! (  Walmart in Heredia) 
 coralvillehawk  Walmart I have been using 
From getting my 1st Tattoo yesterday, to becoming a WalMart Elf… 
 NintendoAmerica  Walmart  amazon  nesclassic So lame. Bots buy the whole stock in seconds only to be sold  250+ elsewhere.  Fail
Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp: my bride enjoying the inside of Gods gift to man! 
If I go to  Walmart on Black Friday and see something in someone's cart, can I have it if I grab it and checkout with it first?  NESmini
 walmart when will you stock in store nintendo nes
 Walmart Donna, please help me.
 PariahDevalis  Korig AIM is still a thing. Napster is a music store now. I see gift cards for it at walmart. Right next to iTunes:p
Well, it happened again  walmart. Inventory was bought out by bots in a fraction of a minute. Highly disappointing!!!
 Walmart NES Classic Edition sold out in one minute. This is ridiculous is a captcha too much to ask?  NintendoAmerica
Everyday this week I have had the  NESClassic in my cart on  Walmart  .com. Three of the days I hit submit payment. Still no console.
 jennieexo_ where did you go???? I did mine at Walmart and it was  50
 CalamazoMajjiin Walmart 🙃
Its hard to go out and do anything in montgomery without dying... yo ass might get whacked grocery shopping in walmart😒
 walmart sucks nintendo classic  sale started at 2:00 out of stock at 2:01 cancel Walmart credit card tried for days to buy
Walmart Supercenter on  Yelp: the wiener mobile is at Walmart! so cool! 
 Walmart what kind of garbage lets you put something in your cart but not complete purchase?  Target wouldn't pull… 
 FinalMacstorm aha! Found a seller on Walmart with free shipping and no sales tax!
NES Classic Edition: Walmart Will Run Flash Sales From Nov. 16 to Nov. 1.. Related Articles: 
 Walmart in my cart and they sold out in a matter of second no way Walmart is a joke 
When you're waiting for your oil change to get done.... boredoutofmymind  2hourslater  walmart… 
I bet Walmart is completing their page view goals by all the refreshes for Nintendo Classic Edition  F5  F5  F5  F5  F5
Tried again to get a Nintendo Classic online... never had a chance with the bots set up and ready to buy  NintendoAmerica  Walmart  amazon
 Faith_Nomad  Walmart I'm just going to pass on this, you can play the games for free on an emulator 😕
Ozark Trail 10x10-Foot Sun Wall for Gazebo for  10 + pickup at Walmart… 
Stranded in Walmart because it's storming too hard outside to leave 😂😂
 DrewGHowell  fsuZEKE  Walmart Mike
North States Plastic Stairway Gate for  13 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart… 
I had it in my cart & was entering my payment info, when I clicked continue my item was no longer in the cart or av… 
 DrewGHowell  fsuZEKE  Walmart it got mile Tyson punch out or tecmo bowl? If not screw that
Another  Chewy order. Same price as Walmart, but I do not have carry it up the steps! Win!
LG 306G TracFone Prepaid Smartphone  10 + pickup at Walmart: Walmart offers… 
Pioneer Bluetooth Car Receiver & Speakers for  79 + free shipping: Walmart… 
 JimLucarelli  PageSix  nypost this "designers" stuff is basically off rack w/ 400 dresses. Like Walmart to Melania! LOL
Chanel VS Walmart 
 gucciscIone  Walmart chill dude lmaoooo😂
"John go to Walmart and buy a bag of chopped onions for this lady"

 donniechores
saw this guy at walmart today and i'm 97% sure he was on drugs
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25  Walmart GC from  BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
Oh hell no California.  You can't just up and leave New Yorkers like that!  Like leaving your best friend locked in a Walmart.  Calexit
 Walmart "virtual" cart vs real cart - if I put an  NESMini in a cart at the store, I can actually buy it.  NintendoAmerica  OutofStock
LIVE on  Periscope: 💰 if you would have invested in Walmart  1000 when they started u would have 9.6 million🔥 
Gonna go to Walmart then come home and listen to  ChristinaCIM  LaurenCimorelli  KathCim  LisaCim  DaniCim  AmyCim wonderful music AGAIN☺️
TODAY:  MetroPCS in Cedar Hill w/ coleswindell tix &  100 Walmart Gift Card 5-7pm at 642 Uptown Blvd at 1382. -… 
 catastroV Went on cause was told it was in stock. It was already sold out. Retails for  60 people asking over  200.
😳😳😳Just scored a new classic Nintendo! Thanks walmart! Gonna be a good xmas for the kids!
Enter to win a Sparkling Xmas Wreath by a Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways  booklove101 
LG 306G TracFone Prepaid Smartphone  10 + pickup at Walmart

 xkasvia where yo Walmart checks 🤔
This is what disappointment looks like.  walmart  nesclassic  again 
I managed to buy a Nintendo NES from walmart for only  65 😎. Thank you  Walmart
Just went into the women's bathroom in Walmart to see a guy peeing with the door open in the first stall. Can I go back to Punta Cana? 😂
S/O to the awesome guy at Walmart who just applauded me for my loud music
Why is Eddie the Walmart version of himself 
 Walmart how is it possible to add something in your cart and it be sold out in 60 seconds.  stopthebots… 
Bring it back to Walmart  IfItDoesntWorkThe1stTime
 Lara327  Walmart  NintendoAmerica  Nintendo it's still BS though, can't get at regular price because autobots buy them all when released.
I'm hearing Christian music in Walmart!  awesome
I went to walmart at 2 AM for it it's what college kids have to do to survive 
 Emily7710  Walmart  NintendoAmerica All they have to do is just add a captcha code and fans would get them, and the bots wouldn't.
 Walmart Limited supplies are not the problem.  WalMart website's vulnerability to BOT purchasing is the problem 😐  NESClassic  NESmini
Homemade salsa is perfect for taco night, Get your taco ideas here:  OEP&GameDay  ad 
 Walmart  paradoxspng I've been getting that all week.  When they don't have anymore that's the message you get.
Im from the partments crib big like walmart
 lillianyv  Walmart i just dont know how much faster someone can be at it??  lol
 Walmart Did you limit the NES classic to one per customer? or did you just let the scammers with bots buy them all to sell for     on ebay
 walmart you should honor the transactions of those who wanted to buy something but couldn't because your website sucks under pressure.
Walmart is fucking bullshit.
 Walmart  chrisdunnson I doubt they even had any. 😡
Which Walmart are you at?? 
 Walmart way to lie about having  NintendoAmerica mini classics on sale at 5.
 Walmart  NintendoAmerica please inform your real human customers why you dont give a fuck about them. Why is it so hard to buy a game sys!?
Whoops forgot I was supposed to wash, go take out money, & go to Walmart 🤦🏽‍♀️
 Walmart once again the NES sale was a bust because Walmart favors bots over customers. As usual great customer service
Here's what my  Walmart shopping cart looked like 13 SECONDS after 2 p.m. PST. Stop feeding bots and scalpers.… 
You must be buying them walmart shirts cuz these designer shirts ain't no  10 even if they was a half off sale  
 rwkyle  Walmart Lol bro they're selling out in 1 minute. Also it's dominated by bots buying it to resell for profit... 6 minutes eh? Lol
 Emily7710  Walmart  NintendoAmerica I got Add To Cart button (!), clicked on it, then got an out of stock message. This was at 2:01 (PST).
 Walmart You should probably tweet that out to your employees, cause they don't seem to know
Our First Lady elect would make a Walmart dress look like a million bucks. They don't need weeping, hysterical desi… 
 Walmart 🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕🖕 you Suck.
 Walmart why did you let robots buy up all of the Nintendos? It was out of stock by the time we got checkout!!
Now I know not to trust  Walmart  GamecenterHQ website anytime in the future. .03 seconds after it was released it… 
Has anyone gotten an  NESClassic during one of these  Walmart releases? Or have the bots taken them all?
Fuck you  Walmart FUCK YOU and fuck you BIG LEAGUE bots. Sold out in less than a minute. In CART should secure your NES.  NESmini
Damn you scalpers and Walmart, the NES Calssic and Hatchimals will be 
my white whale! Wait is that racist in Trump's America?
FINALLY AFTER 4 DAYS OF FIGHT  Walmart CRAPPY U.I. I WAS ABLE TO SECURE AN  NESClassic  TheSystemWorks 
 Walmart  paradoxspng stop giving the same canned answers every time dammit
Walmart baited customers promising NES Classic would be in stock this week just to get us to visit their site and maybe buy a shitty VIZIO.
 Walmart Your Nintendo sale all week was an absolute joke.  I'm sure all the scalpers using bots love your checkout system.
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart';.,,


Picking up RX for my Mamá. (  Walmart in Edinburg, TX) 
Just scored a NES Classic by beating the bots somehow on Wow...lucky day.  nesClassic
 Walmart fuck your  Walmart App  NESmini I was checking out and was finishing the purchase and it said Error! Fix ur servers!
 rwkyle  Walmart blame both the assholes using bots to buy them all in seconds and Walmart for doing nothing to try to stop it
 Walmart  rollins1911 think that's bad. I was in the place order phase. Don't know why I need 3 steps to buy someth… 
How can the NES Classic Edition sell out  Walmart in less than 1 minute?
 Walmart hi donna
 IfItDoesntWorkThe1stTime You probably bought it at Walmart.
 ayeeedrea I made some at home, after I had to drive all the way to Walmart because I was out of crackers. 🙃
 SnarkyHime Bleeeh, Walmart but hey probably better than where I am.
 pcasupreme Walmart selling the NES online everyday at 5 EST
I'm at  Walmart in Richmond, CA 
"I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study the Walmart employee questionnaire" - John Adams, 2016
Welp, they did it again. Made me sign in even though I was signed in already, entered cc info, still nothing. Jerks.  nesclassic  walmart
 Walmart You really should get more NES Classic Editions. Selling out that quick is ridiculous!
If I go to a  Walmart store can items just magically disappear from my cart before I check out?  nes
I don't want a "Hey" walmart; fuck your hey!
 Walmart if you're able to put it in your cart, proceed to pay, it should stay in the cart! Sad  gamer here. No  NES love again this week.
Walmart Black Friday Store Map 
 Walmart I want immediate change. Your lax attitude towards this results in scalpers markets loaded with product and consumers without
Hey  Walmart what gives? The item gets put in the cart fast enough to buy but now it's out of stock? 
 Walmart  rollins1911 Would you let a customer in a store walk up and buy an item out of my cart if I had it there first?
 Walmart Thanks for lying about stocking up on the Nintendo NES..👊🏾
self-care is hot! Healing Powers of  Vinegar, 2 is back on page 1 bestsellers  diet &  weight  loss… 
 Walmart  chrisdunnson, whatever!!!
4 days of trying and nothing. I have zero nice words for  Walmart right now.  nesclassic  neverforget
Can't believe it's so hard to order the  nintendoNESmini at  Walmart :( 
Shoutout to Jackie at Walmart for being one of the nicest people I've met
 nintendo_mini  Walmart for the 4th day in a row I had an NES in my cart only to be stolen by the time I got to the register. SCAM!
 Walmart how much  longer are you going to let bots buy all the stock in 30 seconds and screw everyone else. Captcha too much to ask??  NES
 MaloneLevi Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart  WalmartToday thanks again for not doing shit about your trash website drops for the NES
I swear the Walmart on hanes mill road is a real life  NBCSuperstore episode LOL
Of course the  Walmart app freezes at Checkout and reverts back to this screen. 👎 ...Two days in a row. 
 Walmart literally had the NES classic  in my cart from yesterday.  I clicked check out at 5 today and it errors out. u kidding me?
Tried to score Nintendo NES from walmart...sold out before I could even get to checkout. Fail :(
 LuisRuuska  amazon  Walmart Yeah, total BS. 😡
Walmart was selling Nintendo classics online a few days/times this week. The site let me add one to my cart right, then it took it away!!! 😭
What total B.S.  walmart! This is the 3rd day that I have been on at 5 and tried to get a  nintendoNESmini. It get in my cart and then gone!
 walmart you need to answer for this new debacle i want to purchase it if i have it in my cart
 Walmart You guys suck! I had an item in my cart & As I was literally paying for it, the system removed it from my cart. Now it's sold out!
Why didn't anyone tell me Walmart and target have megaphones until recently
how the hell does Walmart sell out in 30 seconds?!?  they only had to have restocked 1!  ALL WEEK it's been like this.  ALL FUCKING WEEK!
 Walmart Really, again? Tactics are so aggravating  NintendoAmerica  nesclassic 
 GamecenterHQ just had the NES classic in my Walmart cart then went to click to complete order. it then went away, said it was sold out! WTF
. Walmart . NintendoAmerica I Demand Satisfaction!!!
 Walmart thanks for nothing!  I spent three days with the nes in my cart and it's says sold out when I go to buy.  fail  NESmini
Seriously  Walmart?  NESClassic 😡 
My experience with Walmart this week in 2 pictures  NESmini 
 SLAP_Train  aarongreenberg  ForzaMotorsport  ChrisBishop2014  Hot_Wheels slap I just googled it. Available at walmart for  24.99 USD
 Walmart to stop scammers and computer programs. This is a joke. Lots of commerce websites use captcha and yours can't seem to?!?
 Walmart extend the  NESclassic sale please. My refreshing skills are on point and I can't manage to get past check out before they're gone
 TheDirtyPolak  Walmart  NintendoAmerica I agree its a terrible release strategy from Nintendo. At least Walmart tried to make it fair sorta
 Walmart you clearly have bots buying the  nesclassic  when they go on sale. Had it in cart and sold out in under 59 seconds. Fix your site!
 Walmart congratulations on your poor efforts to do anything about the autobots that wipe out inventory before anyone can make a purchase
 Walmart These Fucking bots are ruining everything 😡
. Walmart c'mon I had the Nintendo Classic in my shopping cart and then it magically disappears This is not fair!  NintendoAmerica =disgrace
 At  McDonald's®  in  Walmart:  Breakfast  Burrito  +  medium  coffee - Save  0.75 on Any  Breakfast  Burrito... 
the  Walmart daily NES Classic sale is so frustrating. It was in my cart and went out of stock before checkout was complete  NintendoAmerica
Special thanks  Walmart &  NintendoAmerica 4 ensuring people with T1 lines & bots can buy & sell the NES on eBay faster than FANS can get 1
 Walmart and now it's no longer in my saved items. thanks for letting bots and scammers win.
 Walmart you've forever lost me as a customer. I was in the last phase of checkout. See photo.  classicnes 
Fuckin  Walmart fuckin  NintendoAmerica 😡😡 Easier to buy an arm and a leg on the black market than a  nesclassicedition online
 6thGreekLetter I finally got one today from Hell yeah!!!
Finally got  nba2k17 (at  Walmart Supercenter in Green Bay, WI) 
Someone teach me how to code bots because apparently that's the only way to get an  NESmini on  amazon or  Walmart. 
tHANK YOU  Walmart  I only missed Monday. My 4 baby mommas  all have Nintendo minis
WTF!  Had the  NESClassic in my cart at 5:00, 5:01 it was unavailable! WTF   Walmart
About as far as I got today for a few minutes on  Walmart for  NESClassic  Nintendo 
we gonna make walmart add captcha
 NintendoAmerica  Walmart You're full of it!!!! Explain to me how THIS happens!!!!!!!!!!!  nintendoNESmini  NESmini… 
Another failed attempt to buy the NES Classic Edition from  WalMart. Clicked check out and like Keyser Soze... it's gone.  NintendoAmerica
 NintendoAmerica This is 5 minutes after saying they have classics.  Please do something... 
Trying to buy  Nintendo Classic from  Walmart at 5:00 everyday this week, get error message, makes me want to smash PC, phone, and Nintendo.
 Walmart ToniH, I'm not a robot, so what am I honestly supposed to do when I add NES Classic in my cart at 5:00:05 and it doesn't check out?
This year  Walmart launched the Academies Training Program to train managers and hourly supervisors. Check it out: 
And fucked by  Walmart again. Guess I'll be doing Christmas shopping for my kids at toys r us. Ridiculous. 
 Walmart I got this far in my order for an NES classic today, hit “place order,” nailed with an error saying it was… 
It's not even worth tweeting  Walmart anymore!  They dont care about us!  SAD Walmart 
Dear  Walmart, this NES shit is why people go to  Target.
 Walmart hey, I need your help!
 TPrengel  Walmart Same here...bots take away all the fun.
 Walmart will this 5 o'clock Nintendo thing be going on over the weekend? This is ridiculous! U should be able to block the bots!
 Walmart you people cucked me
 Walmart FUCK YOUR RELEASES, CANT EVEN DO ANYTHING ABOUT BOTS, HAVENT BEEN ABLE TO COP A  NESmini FOR 3 fucking days
And that is why I rarely shop  walmart anymore. Bogus.
"Walmart does a bang up job." 😂 
 Walmart I'm not convinced that the Nintendo actually went on sale at 2 today. I hit checkout within seconds of 2pm at it was already gone!
Welp that Walmart Bot Lasted 2 days. Good job Walmart.
😂😂 mf's salty Walmart sold out of Nintendo mini's in 30sec
Damn you Walmart and your terrible online checkout. I just want an NES Classic. -_-
Walmart got some NES consoles online at 5. I tried so hard. Sold out by 5:02. 🙃
Nigga wit pleather Walmart shoes could never hit
 Walmart must only be selling one  NES per day. I won't be buying from them after the way they've handled this.
Got this uncontrollable cough while in Walmart today and couldn't stop the tears from falling.
 TPrengel  Walmart yep.. I got all the way to review order and to the place order button and press it.. and said sold out
 Walmart really.....by 4:01pm CST. All NES classics are gone. You must like fake people buying your shit.  bottakeover  idiots
 walmart.com got to last click of checkout with a  nintendoNESmini before it changed to no longer available.  NintendoAmerica why u do dis?
 Walmart this is total crap. 3rd day in a row trying to get the  NESClassic and 3rd day in a row I lost to autobots because your inability
 premiumsneaks doesnt matter now no more restocks for walmart
Sorry  Walmart I call lies. Wife and I just started trying at 4:59 to 5:05 to buy NES Classic and out of stock?
 Walmart Gonna use your  online shopping cart logic in store and see how many people like things being taken from their carts at checkout.
POKEMON CARD HUNTING At Walmart & More for NEW Pokemon Boxes: via  YouTube
 Walmart i got the NES Classic into my cart and when i clicked go to checkout it made me create an account to buy it & it was gone after :(
 Walmart You need to up your cyber game. The bots just ate up all the NES classics within a minute despite it being… 
 mpanighetti  Walmart you aren't alone I had just entered my shipping into before the bots bought them all again
 Walmart so when are you going to start preventing bots from taking limited quantities for highly sought after products?  NESClassic
 Walmart you suck!!!! It's impossible to get this Nintendo NES system...
That's my last time dealing with  Walmart and the classic  nintendo. Complete garbage move selling 2 units online at a time
nes classic  Walmart   what a crock of shit  goes on sale 4pm  at 4:01pm sold out   human ppl dont stand a chance thx to bots and scaplers
Extremely disappointed with  Walmart and their NES cart system.  If a product makes it to your cart, it should be yours.  I'm done.
 Walmart  NESmini your black Friday much better since it benefits you.   target  toysrus black Friday  here is come.  They take care of us
Walmart selling NES Classic Edition in limited quantities all week 
Me: leave me alone for a minute I'm working on this Walmart bot
Bae : not only are u a jerkoff that's what you'll be doing later bye
 walmart  I had the new Nintendo in my cart and hit checkout and it said already out of stock. If it is in your cart you should have it. :(
 Walmart If a customer has the item added to cart there should at least be a 30 second delay before it can be taken from their cart.
I liked a  YouTube video HAPPY FABULOUS FRIDAY!!!... DOLLAR TREE & WALMART HAUL 11-18-16 Lilleybugglane
 walmart, YOU SUCK! ADD A CAPTCHA CODE TO THE CHECKOUT TO STOP THE FREAKING BOTS BUYING ALL THE NES CLASSIC!  NintendoAmerica, make more NES
 sophietheallet <--Why shop WalMart when you can shop with Sophie Theallet. She has REFUSED to dress a  Trump. Like Melania cares!  BoyCott
I SWEAR Walmart was trolling us with this NES restock bullshit!
 DrewGHowell NES mini.  Walmart had them for online purchase at 4pm cst this week. Sold out every damn day!
Same! Had a NES in my cart, hit check-out, received an "out of stock" message. Please fix,  Walmart! 
 IamlronMan  Walmart exactly! I have everything ready to go exactly at 5. It's ridiculous.
 drewtaylor801 i will probably go to the Walmart in North Bergen NJ around 2am to talk to the team to see if they have any in the back
Yes there is! There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 cochese788 NES Mini from Walmart?
 Walmart this is crap. If it adds to my cart it should be there when I hit check out 2 seconds later! 
 Walmart wtf ..... yall let the bots beat normal people for the nes classic?   fedup
Walmart had the  NESmini for sale at 4. Home in 22 seconds. I literally was able to add one to my cart and it sold out during the load.
 walmart how are you gonna take the  nes OUT of MY CART!  I got there first obviously so how are going to give it t… 
 Walmart Third day in a row Walmart.  NES in cart but can't check out.  Fix your system.  Would also be nice if you responded to customers
 walmart I have an item in my cart. I went to checkout and it's no longer in stock.  terriblecustomerservice  walmart  sucks
 Walmart Great job. 3 days in a row of getting the NES Classic Edition in my cart only to have your website crap the bed. Thanks.
Tried to get an  NESmini when they came in stock at  Walmart 3pm my time. Can't compete with bots purchasing speed. 3 clicks and sold out
Everyday the NES was in my cart but I couldn't buy it bc your site crashed. Fuck you  Walmart for letting the bots win 🖕🖕🖕
I've been pied!  Crockett  thanksgiving  froggy101  countryradio   Walmart Tunkhannock 
 TomMcBrady  Walmart  NintendoAmerica  Nintendo Yeah, I saw that and someone has already twitted me about it. lol
 mrbrown0802  Walmart kept refreshing and never saw it available
 TheCnizzle they're at the Ponchatoula Walmart by the as seen on tv stuff 😂😂😂
 Walmart how is it I refresh, click add to cart, then loads for 30 seconds and says my item is out of stock?  nesclassic  disappointed
 townhallcom Melania could wear Walmart and make it look great! Plenty of designers who will. All will buy whatever she wears!
Fuck you  Walmart fuck you  nintendo  NintendoAmerica fuck you resellers and fuck the bots that you use
 gymnastboatman  Walmart it was like this yesterday too.
 Walmart are you fucking serious? As soon as I put the NES Classic in my cart it tells me it's sold out & a minute hasn't even passed.
 chrissiemz  Have you heard anything about the Walmart gift cards we won yet? I DM'ed my info Maybe will hear next week?
Another day another failed attempt to obtain a Nintendo NES Classic. Thanks, bots.  Walmart  NintendoAmerica
. NintendoAmerica  Walmart what does it take to get an NES classic? 4pm it was in my cart and everything, then poof out of stock  sad
 walmart let me purchase my nes in my cart this is 2 days in a row
Good Lord. How far into the  Walmart cart do you have to get for it to actually save the item for you? Review order wasn't even enough
Wtf 💩  walmart just sell the damn things the right way even if theres a week or two wait instead of having your dam… 
my walmart bot cooked 
 Walmart damn literally 30 seconds nes gone clicked cart said sold out "save for later" lol
FU  WalMart NES Classic Rage!!! 👹👺😡👺👹 SOOO CLOSE!  NESClassic  NESmini 
So this doesn't constitute in my cart?!?!  Walmart  NESmini  checkoutsucks  Walmart  NintendoAmerica 
Never got update, WALMART.PY FOR SALE 
 Snyders_Hanover also tell your walmart rep in Bismarck, ND to get his act together and make these easy to find.
 Walmart you guys have a problem with bots. I had a nes in my basket and you took it out. I might be doing holiday shopping w/ a competitor
Fuck you  Walmart!! How many NES classics did you have in stock 3???? Go to hell! There's a reason I never shop with you all!
there is NO WAY someone was quicker than me today when buying the NES thru  Walmart but alas.. it was ripped out of my cart..  AGAIN.
Tim Tebow could be a greeter at Walmart and his fans would still be like, "Wow! What an amazing athlete, so humble too."
 Walmart and day  2, it was already saved in my cart, but since you require a 20 step sign in process to checkout, it was taken out. 😡😡😡
 Walmart why are u doing the flash sale on nes classics. People are using bots to buy them all
 Walmart  chrisdunnson the app seriously quit working after I hit pay then said no longer available 😡
 kscaggiano  Walmart My thinking exactly. Adding to cart should take the unit out of circulation until you check out or after a timeout.
 Walmart  NESmini While you do nothing. We will voice our dissatisfaction with our wallets.  And go elsewhere. Funny, u manage 1/2
 XeroTheHero  Walmart tried the same thing and shit wouldnt load. Unreal. Such a horrible way to release this.  NintendoAmerica
Idiots at  Walmart logged everyone out today before buying NES Classic. Bots login in seconds, purchase it, and got them all. You suck.
 jsstansel I tried x3 days this week w/ Walmart. Ystrdy I was close, but no such luck. Cost  60. Re-selling for  230+ on Amazon, eBay, etc.
 Walmart I'm sure you don't care but how is it possible to cart something numerous times during the week and never… 
 T3k  Walmart I didn't even get that lucky today. Never saw an add to cart button.
 Walmart tried to buy the NES for the third time in a row. Didn't even get to click the checkout button before it Saud it was out of stock.
It took less than a minute for the  NESClassic to go out of stock on  Walmart's website. AGAIN.
Another L  Walmart 
 Lara327  Walmart  NintendoAmerica  Nintendo it's a 3rd party, walmart isn't selling for that price, someone else is.  Check the sold by
 Walmart you should learn how to protect your site from bots. Makes no sense that I'm putting in my address and you take it out of my cart.
 Walmart what a waste. Less than 45 seconds until all Nintendo Classics sold out. Get a Captcha system!!!
 Walmart Thanks, I have been trying everyday at 4pm cst with no luck 😔
Successfully had the  nintendoNESmini in my cart on  Walmart until I tried the pick- up at store feature.   soclose… 
 xWilbertx lol I forgot you used to work for HEB and Walmart!!
 Fresh_Manny2  Walmart wow that's messed up!
 Walmart I just want a NES Classic! I've had it in my cart three times this week, hit the checkout button and it says out of stock?!  smh
 IkariZero For as much bullshit as I get from Walmart, at least I've kept the brands I work in proper compliance.
Walmart Haul: Thursday, November 17, 2016 
 Walmart it's a shame you allow bots to buy out hot items online. Playing right into the game. Tried every day this week  overit  captcha
Once again,  Walmart's website is clown shoes. I literally hit "PAY" and then got this screen!  NES 
 Walmart I had the item in my cart and ready to check out, what happened? 
MAN!!!! FUCK  Walmart I BET THEY NEVER EVEN HAD ANY STOCKED, JUST WANTED PEOPLE TO FUCKIN GO ON THEIR STUPID ASS SITE!!! 🖕🖕🖕
 IRRITATED 😲😤😠
0-5 now, added to cart, clicked checkout, and then item was no longer available. It was 3:00:59.  Walmart  nintendo… 
 Walmart wow, one min after 3pm today, sold out. What did you do, sell 1? 
 Walmart theres no way ppl are buyin this fast, u SERIOUSLY have to get a bttr system.Once in cart it should be yours.Or no bots atleast, BS
 mpanighetti  Walmart I had it in my cart and got to the shipping address...then GONE.  Once it's on your cart, shouldn't it be yours?
Well,  Walmart sold out of the NES classic in a minute after the site crashed on me and the app froze. Thanks a plenty!
Walmart game face 
Hey  Walmart, how about re-working system so if I get item in my cart I have time to checkout with it? 3 days in a row, nes in cart, gone.
. Walmart suckered us, too. Had the  NESClassic in my cart, went to check out and it was "unavailable." BOOO!
 TPrengel  Walmart same
Once again  Nintendo Minis sold out on the Walmart website in less than a minute.  This is becoming a joke.
Really  Walmart ? Really? Again? 👎🏻 
 Walmart what's the deal with your website shopping cart!!!
Lmao. I go in Walmart bummy asl and niggas still be onnat. 🙃 
 Walmart NES Classic in my cart 5 seconds after 500pm EST, logged in with CC and store info, PAGE NEVER LOADS TO CHECK OUT BC OF BOTS.
Hey  Walmart 🖕learn how to stop bots
 Walmart I thought y'all were releasing at 4 pm Texas time??? It hasn't even loaded as in stock??! Wtf
Really  walmart ?? 
Finna go to Walmart just for some soft cookies
I received  1 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
 TPrengel  Walmart Yep, same here
currently at a Canadian Walmart gotta rely on WiFi for the next 4 days 😤
 coralvillehawk  Walmart I had that yesterday. Today, it was saved to hubs cart. Poof gone. I hit add to cart, immediately sold out.
 randiiimarieee Walmart
Anyone get the nes from Walmart ? Couldn't even get it in my cart it said coming soon.
Well, tried again today to get my hands on the Nintendo Classic and no luck with  walmart.
F-ing Walmart shopping bots. 
This time it lasted significantly less than a minute.
Tried getting the Nintendo classic from Walmart. Sold out when I added to my cart .  nintendo is a real piece of work
 Walmart please add Captcha to your check out process, if you care at all about your customers, which I know is unlikely 😔  NESClassic
Hey  Walmart you're fucked up.
I need to go to Walmart.
Great job  Walmart w the NES Classic 
FUCK YOU  Walmart for continually allowing bots to purchase all the NES Classics before the average person.
 Walmart how can something go on sale at 5:00 and during checkout at 5:01 its already out of stock!!! Come on!!… 
Lady at Walmart told me to stay out of trouble. Little did she know that trouble is my middle name.
will walmart ship 16 nes to same addy?
 Walmart Another day, another failure. Logged me out, when I logged in - Out of stock. When NES Classic is in stock, I'm avoiding Walmart.
Man. I don't know how anybody is getting an NES from Walmart. Their website essentially crashes for the minute before and after.
 lenda_gjokaj walmart sells em 😝
Fuck Walmart I had the Nintendo in my cart and then they say it went out of stock! Wtf
 Walmart why are u doing flash sales
 Walmart  NESmini again u did nothing about bots. Scalpers r posting multiples confirmed purchases from you. Losing lots of customers daily
 OtakuDSKS  Walmart Seriously? They went out of stock that fast? Ugh, no wonder why nobody gets them.
 Walmart Day 3 where  NESmini was successfully added to my cart but disappeared during checkout. What gives?!?  aliwantforxmasisnesmini
I swear Walmart had like 3x NES Classics for sale every day this week or its a marketing stunt. Selling out in 1x minute is ridiculous.
 akaTRENT  FatKidDeals yeah i got that right at 3..walmart must of restock 1 unit like wtf  Walmart
Sell bitcoins using Walmart Gift Card Code with US Dollar (USD)  news  bitcoin
 Walmart your 5pm online stocking of the NES classic mini sucks! 3 straight days I made purchase and during the checkout items are removed!
 Walmart WOW I TRIED TO GET A NES CLASSIC AND IT WOULDNT LET ME PUT IT IN MY CART FUCK YALL
 Walmart NES Classic, again sniped from my cart as I check out. I'm pretty sure not 1 normal person got their hands on one  CartJacked Day3
 Walmart you site sucks. If something is in your cart it should give you time to complete purchase
yet again  walmart app wont let me buy my nes in my cart
Nintendo mini sold out in 1 minute on  RESTOCK   nochance
 lillianyv  Walmart i honestly dont get it lol...500 pm click, 500 pm 23 seconds...sold out.
 Walmart and  NintendoAmerica are embarrassments.  NESClassic
Convinced Walmart has 4  NESmini that they release at 5 PM that the bots instantly get.
For  retailers looking to shift focus to the customer, consider the following potential financial pitfalls:… 
 Walmart Wow really?  NintendoAmerica  you going to stand for this?  MiniNES  nintendo  nintendoNESmini 
Im recording all the fights at Walmart during Black Friday 😂
 Walmart - if I put an item in my cart, I should be able to actually check out and purchase it. Really irritated.
You guys suck why won't you let me check out!? ITS IN MY GODDAMN CART  Walmart  WalmartToday 
Seriously  Walmart get a checkout option that works. I have the thing in my cart and can't even get to the screen to enter my CC info. RIDIC
Me   right now 
Hey  Walmart - if I can add it to my cart, I should be able to check out. Instead your site bombs and I lost. I hat… 
 TPrengel  Walmart same here
 Walmart I don't like to be dramatic, but you are ruining my entire life.
 Walmart seriously..10 seconds all gone.  getmorenesclassics
Damn it  Walmart can't you at least make it 1 per address for the NES? Or do something, ANYTHING about the bots???  nintendoNESmini
Well sold out walmart how much are you giving out each day? NESmini
I really don't like you  Walmart ! 😡
Fuck you  Walmart 🖕🏼 the NES Classic was in my cart and I was in the process of checking out already and THEN you say it's out of stock.
. Walmart letting me get to the "Confirm shipping address" step then telling me the  NESmini is no longer available is grade A B.S.
FUCK YOU WALMART!!!!!! I HAD IT ON MY APP!!!! FUCK YOU
 Walmart second day in row had the item in the cart even chose a shipping date but nope item gone. Thanks again
 Walmart yes. I've been trying everyday and the same thing happens. Thanks for ruining christmas
 Walmart How many nintendos minis are you selling a day? One? Five? The lack of stock during your promise of having them in stock isn't cool
 Walmart your garbage ass website did it to me again
Okay,  walmart, you guys are almost as shady as  NintendoAmerica. Almost.
Ugh  Walmart, if somethings in your cart, shouldn't there be some kind of hold to allow you to check out?! 
 GRedrum  Walmart it did.
 Walmart so the item is in my cart, I'm checking out and then after you say the item is out of stock.  EatAFuckingDickWalmart  SamSucksDicks
 Walmart ..... Such garbage. Two days in a row I select the new  NESmini and put into my cart but then it says item is sold out!!!! Bullshit
. Walmart, you are the worst. That is all. 
 TPrengel  Walmart did the same. Auto bots are buying them up.
 Walmart screws it up again.  nintendoNESmini
Walmart: Play-Doh Fun Factory 40+ Piece Set Only  10 (Reg.  30)! Great for college kids as well as younger... 
These walmart scalping bots are ridiculous
 Walmart today it was already in my cart and allegedly "sold out" within the 1 minute it took to enter my card details. Ridiculous  walmart
Daphne and Izzy are out at Walmart Supercenter off Herndon and 168 collecting donations of non-perishable food... 
 Walmart do you only have 5 in stock each day for this NES classic? Because I tried every day at 4, get to checkout and "error".. ugh
 nickrodrigz Walmart did it again. By the time I clicked add to cart, it was out of stock. scam  scammers
WTF I ADDED IT TO MY CART AND NOTHING! COME ON  Walmart I was RIGHT THERE! 
 Faith_Nomad  Walmart I agree with this, I have it in my cart and click to checkout already sold out. It's a broken system Walmart
There's a Snuggle Exhi There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 Walmart awful way to sell the NES.
Damm you Walmart!! Had the NES classic in my cart and it sold out. Dammit
 Walmart how does that even happen??? It's in my cart 
THE CIRCLE OF DEATH 💀  outofstock  again  NintendoAmerica  Walmart 
 FFBLegend  FatKidDeals walmart is a joke
 Walmart it really is horseshit that bots takeover and I'm unable to buy what I want. Good job Walmart.
I had a  NESmini at place checkout screen on 
 AustinHunt Wapakoneta Walmart has had Christmas wrapping paper on their registers since the day after Halloween
F U walmart. I'm so pissed
My impressions of  Walmart are that the site is slow and availability poor because of how they elected to sell the NES Classic Mini.
 cbcurran BTW, had the same thing just happen to me. Allowed to add to cart, then  walmart showed me 
 Walmart NES Classic available at 4PM CT. clicked add to cart at 4:00:12, and at 4:00:29 get out of stock message. how many did you have? 5?
Damnit  Walmart this is the 2nd time you screw me. You put the items in my cart and then take them away. Wtf.
people are deadass performing at our bucket drop at walmart that's how you know we're talented
 walmart is a joke
Walmart: Animal Crossing amiibo Festival Wii U Set AND 3-Pack Figures Only  19.96 ( 90 Value) 
I GOT ONE! HOLY SHIT!

NES Classic was still in my cart on and I just checked out at 5 and managed to snag it! YES!!
Fieldtrip to Walmart with stratton peeps ❤️😂
Not cool  Walmart not cool 
I refuse to believe  Walmart is selling the nes classic online! Had still in cart, but could never checkout and sold out again after 1 min!
 anyaisanartist But They are ghetto(Some) like I brought one from Walmart and 2 days later u cannot use it anymore
 MartyJay2  GRACELAND09  SharoniePoni  AzalCrow  CindyElvis  Finally  found my CD today Marty at Walmart  it's fabulous! I got Goosebumps!🎶🎸
Sold out in less than a minute...thanks again  Walmart
AGAIN!!! This is bullshit. You should honor me a console since i tried and tired of this. NintendoAmerica   Walmart 
 eyelers  Walmart  Target Yep, I saw that. Thanks for the info.
Once again  Walmart made a way for BOTS.  boycottWalmart
Wtf  Walmart had the NES in my cart hit pay and your app froze!
Walmart Tests the Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety - 
 fintech  digital  blockchain
Another day another letdown by  Walmart  NintendoAmerica 😡😡😡😡  NESmini
 carrietomIinson update the cashier at Walmart told me I don't even look old enough to drive :')))
Hey  Walmart, if I add an NES Classic to my cart, maybe you should reserve it for me for more time than it takes to refresh the page.
Just a dinner idea...  ad 
Another failed attempt for the  NintendoAmerica NES Classic from  Walmart. This time I got it on video. Not even a second went by & GONE
This is bs from  Walmart how the hell you sell out in seconds
 Walmart Not even two minute.... NESClassic was sold out...I dont even know how to react
 Walmart the bots are ridiculous. Within 30 seconds,  NESClassic is sold out. Please, do something about this.
 Walmart again, 5:01...learn how to stop bots  nesclassic  poorlydone
4:01 p.m., and Walmart is out of NES Classics.
I was TWO MINUTES LATE! What the ACTUAL FUCK, Walmart? 
Honestly  Walmart I've been trying every day to get this NES and have had it in MY cart and when I go to chose my cc it is removed.
Just tried to buy the Nintendo nes classic from  Walmart online and I added it to my cart but when I tried to checkout they sold out wtf...
Hey  Walmart, how is making NES Classic Minis available 3PM each day a good look for you? Literally sold out in 2 seconds.
So I'm guessing that  Walmart made 3  NintendoAmerica NES available at 5 today 😑 just a marketing stunt
 Walmart it would have been great if you had prevented bots from getting all of the NES Classics.
 JDFernandezZ walmart/target for black friday
 CopThese lol it's cool I got one lol I clicked on it and it was  60 and ordered it. Ships to the Walmart I work at
 Walmart You really need to do more on your site to prevent automated scalper bots from grabbing up popular items to resell. Like captcha.
 Walmart 30s? 
You let bots buy you out of stock in 30s? How pathetic.
Damnit Walmart. 
 NintendoAmerica  Walmart Update: It sold out in literally 2 seconds i swear 
Come the fuck on,  Walmart. I had the damned  Nesclassic in my cart and couldn't check out. DAMN this crap. Yes, I'm pissed.
Okay,  Walmart, how is it that I can put something in my cart, then click "check out" and suddenly the item is no longer there. Thanks a lot
Got it in my cart and then they say it's sold out. Thanks,  Walmart
 Walmart how is it that I can add an item and then you take it away...  Seems sketchy
 Walmart must be selling 2 every day at 5pm. I have added to cart and they are  soldout!  ClassicNES 
 Walmart just happened again. Hit add to cart the second it was available, out of stock by the time checkout loaded.
There's literally 7 cop cars and a rescue team at the Walmart on oswell, bakersfield is already lit
THESE WALMART BOTS ARE OP AS F LMAO ADD TO 2 CART FOR AN INSTANT L
Someone came up to me at Walmart asking for a hug and I swear I never wanted to punch someone in the face so bad
Thousands of Walmart workers in China are organizing on WeChat to protest for better pay, working conditions 
Celeste Woodrow pulls down her shirt and flashes her big tattooed titties in  Walmart 
walmart target and amazon rebates now available on ebates ebates promo code 
That Walmart cook is in and out like a robbery 🍳🍳🔥🔥
nobody told me it was DykeDay at Walmart lmaoo. sheesh
 Deals North States Plastic Stairway Gate for  13 + pickup at Walmart 
Dyke day at Walmart yay!😂😂
I'm going to Walmart but if any of you see me do me a favor and don't talk to me.
For a limited time  oreo has multiple savings offers  walmart.  Sponsored  snackandsave 
WHOEVER TRIED TO USE MY CREDIT CARD AT WALMART I HOPE YOURE FUCKING HAPPY! NOW I HAVE TO USE CASH NIGGA FUCK YOU
There is always time for tacos, especially on game day!!   ad  OEP&GameDay  OldElPaso  Walmart
S/O to  KingofClaws winning a  10 Walmart Gift Card! They're out there players, keep an eye out! 
When you get a Walmart gift card with your check :) 👍🏻
NES Classic Edition + Extra Controllers available now at Walmart:  
Go! 
Why do I always find myself at Walmart on a Friday 🤔
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
I'm at Walmart in Wareham, MA 
Star Wars Black Series 3.75" Stormtrooper Action Figure Walmart Exclusive Tf...  StarWars 
 kariiBee  BigLouie41  ashmarin12 yeah I got jumped by 4 pregnant bitches at the Walmart parking lot last night. 🤕
Fire Emblem: Awakening - 3DS 2201026... De R 258.9 Por R 179.9 Acesse  game  top  oferta… 
Vince Niel looks like the soccer mom at Walmart who asks to see a manager 
Infantino Tummy Time Activity Mat for  15 + pickup at Walmart -  walmart  tummytime
Walmart Foundation Donates  500K to Washington Regional's Newest Women Center -- 
LAST DAY! Get Yours NOW! 
 astaraelsong update there is a COINSTAR AT WALMART
 AlfreaGardening  NPRFood Love it! Go  Walmart!
Found at another local Walmart ! TeamTagCrane  greatseries   Walmart Port St Lucie - SW Gatlin Blvd 
ITS NOT OVER UNTIL I SAY ITS OVER or until my GPA says to pick up a Walmart application. Which I mean, they have great everyday low prices..
The Ladysmith Walmart always reminds me the world is a dangerous and scary place.
Quit lying those are not tims. I sold you those at my register last week at Walmart 😂😂😂
Walmart shoppers surprised by dead deer in cart 
I almost got struck by lightning, people at Walmart screamed & the hair on my neck stood up!Damn near broke my leg trying to get out the way
 Doorman  Jet  Walmart Thanks for the follow
Save on canvas at  Walmart like  popsicleblog did! AD  WalmartPhotoHoliday... by  DonnaChaffins via  c0nvey
Just a little work selfie 😅  feelingbasic   Walmart Ashland - River… 
Yup. Got my Christmas tree at Walmart today while shopping in Sudbury. 🎄 
1 minute until i attempt to beat the entire world population to buy a  NintendoAmerica NES classic from  Walmart before it sells out 😂
NES CLASSIC MINI RESTOCK

I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Emergency! Walmart Closures Is Only The Beginning
 The_Retail_Rant  Target I think they meant to say it's better than working at Walmart...
Available at 2pm PST
Nintendo Mini: Controller: 
walmart & chipotle & ill finallllly be done😪😪😪
Walmart & these half shifts 🙄😩
 stephnoob  XylariaVG just called him! Hes driving 10mph all the way home, its normally an hour drive. And he stopped at walmart for food
 RCRracing  tydillon  Walmart y'all getting any  AdvilRelief hero cards made?  I'd love to get one if so but not down there unfortunately
 techdeals North States Plastic Stairway Gate for  13 + pickup at Walmart 
 ReTweet  CleanWater  Kitchen Bathroom Ceramic Core Water Faucet Tap 
Walmart needs to close then open at a certain time for Walmart blackfriday because I wanna run in that hoe💀💀😂😂
Walmart is trying to fuck me over. Wtf.
Everybody that works for Walmart knows me.
 Lara327  Walmart  Target Walmart is selling at retail. Other sellers can sell on Walmart. They increase the price like crazy, not Walmart
 Young_MoLisaaa somebody hit tykira shit when we came out from Walmart 😂😭 but Wya
 Mowers4Life  CottleTrevor  BeckomHunter  brentholmes287  whiteboi202  cdcarpenter16  ChaseGiongetti walmart 8:30
Thanks Walmart! 
Everyone will love these  SweetPotato Fries. Perfect for the  holiday or any day.  ad 
Walmart Foundation Donates  500K to New Women and Infants Center  NorthwestArkansas
current grown up problem: wrote my grocery list in the order i go around at walmart... now going to kroger
Every person in Walmart right now no matter the age has alcohol in their cart
if i dont get this walmart nes imma cry
Walmart Foundation, Target, US Chamber Foundation to Launch  Circular-Economy Pilot Environmental Management News 
I'm scared I'm in Walmart and the power just went out
 ThePoetMind Walgreens Walmart and target!
 tiananderson just told me that she won't come pick me up at Walmart and I'm upset
 PythonKicks I needs that walmart.py
Meet  tydillon at  Walmart tonight at 7:30PM.
33501 South Dixie Hwy. Florida City, FL 33034 
Nihgas be stress when their in Walmart with their girl, but she ugly AF, 😂😂😂
Kathy M. of Selmer, TN  won a  50 Walmart Gift Card
Walmart/Nabholz and BHS ignite guest speakers  gowjhswildcats 
 HelloMYKitty_ Walmart To Far From My House. I Can Walk To Family Dollar If I Wanted To
 Walmart yes. About to try in 5 minutes.
 johnfritchey Maybe Rahm get Pope to buy Cubs Caskets for indigent persons vs pine box? Walmart has them on sale ! 
The guy at Walmart who just rang up my Pokémon shook my hand afterwards. Stop going to gamestop it's trash
That Montana 300 boy in Walmart on 167 looking dusty
Tae wanted a Bat Mobile & Walmart has it but his BMW car still is perfectly fine 😩😩
 Bayer  Walmart  Target  Walgreens Is there a "National Achy Feet Appreciation Day" special you want to promote for 
Marina calls Walmart, Walfart.
Such a lifesaver… Thanksgiving Dinner being picked up.   AdventuresofHizRib Here’s  10 to try it! 
ur definitely at a low point when u have an emotional breakdown in the middle of a Walmart parking lot
 Buford all roads lead to  Walmart  HamiltonMill 3250 Sardis Church Road!  I'm in the building… 
 amayonnnaise if not I recommend going to Walmart, their check cashing is pretty cheap but you gotta make sure you have a state id
Nintendo Classic Early Link. Goes live in 5 minutes. 
 SOLELINKS  more_sneakers  adidasalerts
 Rockprincess818  Miami4Trump  JonesCali1970  MELANIATRUMP  YahooStyle Melania could wear Walmart and look better than M Obsma or Killary.
- How Walmart plans to transform the way we buy groceries 
'You're not working today?', 'is today your day off?' -every other Walmart associate when I go in on my days off 🙄😂
Impossible without Walmart.py 
Walmart doesn't like the new app used by workers fighting for better pay! What will happen?  BarneyBoeingR110
FYI: the deluxe edition of Glory Days is NOT available at Walmart or Target! I've been to both. People are saying it's only at FYE.
This guy was newly adopted and ran off, His owners live near Walmart, she has little kids that miss him. Last... 
Just bought a mixtape in the Walmart parking lot, so you know it's gonna be quality.
Buy a 3-pack of Kleenex® Ultra Soft* Tissues featuring new designs at  ShareKleenexCare⁰ 
The Banana Nut Muffins from Walmart 🙌🏽🙌🏽👌🏽
 fredieu_bailey I hate when they leave 😂 I just ran into Brendan   Walmart like 20 mins ago
My first legal alcohol purchase was a 6pack of Bold Rock in a random Walmart lmao
 DrewOnTheRadio  SethKush welcome to the redneck Walmart
Funny How Me & Thomas Both Work At Walmart 😂🤘🏽 We Need All Coins 🤑💸
Yo... Why do I suddenly have to take a dump when it's almost time to try get a NES Classic from Walmart?
I liked a  YouTube video from  tntreigns Walmart Fort + Trampoline Park = Girls Number
Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic  BGR 
HERE IS A DEAL FOR THE OLDER KIDDOS - AVAILABLE AT WALMART OR AMAZON!!... 
Cloudy With a Chance of Meatballs: How Weather Forecast Predicts Walmart's Sales Outlook
 
will someone go to walmart with me i do not want to go by myself
So mad that Glory Days isn't at my Walmart!!! They don't even carry it!!
 echeneidae Chanel vs Walmart
Only at Walmart do u run into someone twerking in the frozen food isle.
You put 20 miles on your car just to go to Walmart which is down the street.
Come on Walmart &  auspost  ShopMate I need a  NESClassic
Walmart Discount Is Super Clutch ..👌🏾
damn I really needed to go to Walmart but then I smoked, now I don't remember what I gotta go for.
 Bayer  Walmart,  Target,  Walgreens: who is in to support the achy feet of our country's active  military &  nurses &  hospital  workers?
Walmart 🤗 
 FatKidDeals  BasedLaRock direct link: 
 pimpthatcar Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Only I would lose my fucking wallet at Walmart 20 minutes before I'm supposed to leave for New Jersey. Cool 🆒🆒🆒🆒🆒
lmao he works at walmart so if he does have to work on black friday that'll be funny as fuck
This guy just literally followed us around walmart in St lucie west!! He doesn't seem dangerous but just be aware o… 
 Grimes_Gurl I got these ones at Walmart
 maxx_chaos basically same. then i called up walmart and they were like "oh we have like 3 copies and we dont do holds"
Almost left my phone at Walmart
Had a dream last night about a Walmart Casino...where you gamble with groceries. Apparently I'm going insane so that's chill.
WalMart Black Friday Deals! 
   
  
Chloe: GET UP LOSER, were going to walmart!
Me: *falls off couch*
Some weird kid at Walmart sat down next to me while I was smoking and said nothing just sat.
HOW PARENTS BE WHEN YOU JUST TRINNA TAKE A RIDE IN THE CART AT WALMART. LOL 
 applechime soon you can control them all without stepping into the kitchen 
Lol they have these in Walmart but I always felt I would like a single black mom wearing it. 
 ra0ul_poborski  Walmart He's a class act. And  Walmart not knowing is why I'm telling them.
Got one  doughnut at  Walmart. Ate it while waiting in line for self checkout. Now what do I do? Scan my stomach?
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Surprise, AZ 
Walmart's theme song 
Our partners are integral to our ability to continue the work we've started. Much thanks,  Walmart & congrats on 10… 
 free There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Walmart beats on earnings, thanks to the internet - Business Insider 
Dude I went to Walmart this morning in track shorts and a tshirt and went to go back later and I had 2 wear sweats and a hoodie 🙄🙄
I'm the little brother that goes and buys all that from Walmart for my siblings looking like a baby daddy 😂 
 sarahcolonna I haven't worked at Walmart for over 19 years now and still have dreams where I working my old shift
 kristinamanina I don't think  Walmart realise any of this though.
I will face god and walk backwards into into walmart
 Walmart  llewsoba what they won't tell you is they failed to limit customers to one unit like Amazon so autobots will wipe out inventory
 kristinamanina  Walmart Vikernes has said, that he would not use the term Nazi any longer as self-descriptor... just murderer & arsonist.
 TheCnizzle Walmart
Skys the limit!   Walmart Corporate Office 
Tim Horton’s Hot Chocolate  hotchocolate  timhortons  walmart
 jetsxo uuuuh I don't like you fucken slut did you get your haircut already? I want to go to Walmart. Me acompañas ?
Every time I see a Walmart Black Friday ad I die a little inside  HellOnEarth
Almost 5pm. Time for a daily dose of disappointment on haha  NESclassic
 ra0ul_poborski  Walmart I know! It's terrible on many levels.
I'm at Walmart neighborhood market in Sachse, TX 
Almost had a panic attack because I left my wedding ring at Best Nail and got to Walmart before I realized I didn't have it. 😩😭😩
 Josef_Walker FYI another Nintendo NES release at Walmart at 5 PM
Never worked at Walmart
Ready (  Walmart Supercenter in Burbank, CA) 
I'm some shit ass town where they don't even sell beer at Walmart
You a lie! Those roaches came outta ya Walmart bag you carry around and call a purse. 
 Walmart Saw this in the holiday toy section. Toys expand in water. 😬😬can you say horribly dangerous choking hazard… 
I live reckless and don't preorder but I got the last Pokemon sun at Walmart so it's good
MAGA'ing Outside of a WalMart job site in North Carolina - "We Have the Very Best Pallets, Don't We Folks"
I'm at Walmart.
 kristinamanina  Walmart it's a cd cover from Norwegian black metal band. The singer murdered the Mayhem guitarist and burnt down 3 churches
 Walmart  chrisdunnson what they wont tell you is they failed to limit customers to one unit like Amazon so autobots will wipe out inventory
Got my tools. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Snellville, GA) 
 Romi_Rain so I'm assuming it's just as loose as your cunt. Probably feels like a bucket with Walmart bag and a shit ton of lube Filthy cunt
I love Walmart!  funny  LOL 
Roll out of bed & roll up a flavorful breakfast burrito w/this recipe from  ICBINotButter  mealinspirations 
 cocoa_koguma I needed to go to Walmart but did you want anything from there or did you want to go with me?
 fitness  health  holistic  holistichealth Largest single-day health screening event Wa... 
 publichealth news: Largest singleday health screening event Walmart Wellness Day a 'huge success' 
I'm walking around Walmart like a fool waiting for my car to get finished
 DubhglasTurner  NotTheToryPress  Monstermogs1  Bangorladaye Walmart heiress is richest at around 20 billion. There is a woman in Australia
Subway for lunch break 😛 I've grown to like subway working at Walmart lmao
 GodDoze yeah they sell it at Walmart for like  15
im ar walmart they have cute clothes How
 Walmart check out  TaiDingBotNES ! they are about to hack your system with bots & wipe out inventory. What will y'all do ? Not a damn thing
Love  yummy  desserts but can't eat them anymore? Cheer up - you can!> >>[AD]… 
WalMart Pre Black Friday Deals 2016  BlackFriday  Deals  WalMart
Have you tried  SaveHoney yet?? Amazing program finds & applies coupon codes at checkout! 
A great example of a large employer improving care for employees,  Walmart expands its Centers of Excellence 
Watch Your Mail Carefully, If You See A Check Like This From Walmart, Here’s What It Means -        WOW
 TiannaaaDoll dude Walmart donuts are better
Literally just drove to walmart for a Christmas candle for my room ...😂💀🍂 
bout to uber to Walmart for a case of redbull now that's dedication
 LaneyShimanek thanks to everyone who supported my bad decision here's me at Walmart instead of my "democracy lab" 
I really need to go to Walmart
 JJGass  JoyAnnReid While still buying pumpkin spice lattes in red cups and fake trees from Walmart.
walmart shenanigans 🎅🏻 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Dover, DE 
Take A Look At Your Mail Today - IF You Got A Check from Walmart, It Means... 
 SKCFoundersWeek contest.  50 Walmart gift card for the winner. 
 _grace017 Walmart, piggly wiggly, Asian market... can't remember anymore
Nearest Walmart in Oakland 🙄 I'm not trying to pay those tolls to go get a broom
Yay im 1/2 a year old, and I came from Walmart. WHATTA legend😎🐟  halfbday
Told my coworker I spend a lot of    on clothes & he said "u need to stop tryna bc fancy & shop   walmart" Lmaoo  nothanks
 grande_truth  truthtelIerfan  ranceypants Bruna is walmart Amanda Z looks wise. But Amanda is a strong woman, funny, smart and not a bigot.
WALMART MUST GIVE OUT FREE CIGARETTES UPON EMPLOYMENT OR SUMTHIN, EVERYONE ON BREAK TAKIN DRAGS
 PuddingLeopard wow ok Walmart wouldn't sell me it until like 5 mins after opening
"walmart does a bang up job" 😂😭 
Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ads, Deals: Walmart  freeoffers  onlinedeals  bestonlineoffers 
I'll be making this Baklava  recipe for the  holiday.  ad 
 baklava  walmart  dessert… 
Just pulled into Walmart parking lot and I see an elderly woman chug a natty lite before she goes in 😂😳 

 it's the weekend
. 1solesearcher of  Walmart - a supporter of Latinos and the big event - with  chiqui_delgado at the… 
New Job - Pharmacy Manager - Walmart - 
 Walmart Would be nice if store in Shelby, NC had the  GeorgeStrait CD that's exclusive to your stores today. Customer service is bad too.
 paradoxspng Please share the details with our help desk team: -Donna
Three different computers and browsers enough to help me snag a NES Classic from Walmart in 18 minutes? We'll see!
anyone want to video chat i'm wearing my new sweatshirt from walmart 
For the first time ever, there is a Walmart close finna!! It's TF lit!!
 MysticSup3rnova We truly appreciate you taking the time to share and send us your valuable feedback. This will help us improve. TY! -Katz
I've never actually had a job than deal with this talk of the weird guiding the shee- I mean, consumers set up in the KF Walmart.
 sophietheallet Nobody likes your Walmart designs anyway.
 Walmart are any regular customers going to have chance to purchase Nintendo Classic or will scalpers using autobots wipe out inventory ????
All the crazy ppl in the world shop at Walmart 😩
 purepda check walmart and target if its not at gamestop? otherwise idk what to tell ya
 notaxation Walmart made something like 2 dollars on each console.
Just witnessed this lady stealing in the self checkout line   the Walmart Neighborhood Market but I ain't snitching 👀🙅🏻😂
Annabelle Lipsies  annabelle  lipsies  walmart
 notaxation just listened to the Gamescast, and as a former walmart employee, just wanted to let you know PS4s were sold wholesale at launch
Update to 1.2.2 to get walmart mode. Must creat walmart account with same prefs as bot. Dm me for link
 meplzchicken  girlhoodposts 
The little 'k' just busted his brand to Walmart.
 svrceno  santiagomata_ that Walmart shirt thou
If your a walmart customer. Dont be an asshole
So while I'm walking to Walmart why is this girl out the window telling me to hop in the car with her. 🤔🙄
DO MY EYES DECEIVE ME OR DID I SERIOUSLY JUST FINDS A WONDERBoeingLL IN WALMART 
WalMart Black Friday Deals!


 judgd_ I have to go to Walmart and set stuff up any ways
 mkhammer  DLoesch  sophietheallet  400 dresses - that's like Walmart for Melania - failed "designer" seeks attention
Sending money to my kids (at  Walmart Supercenter in Washington, PA) 
some stupid bitch pushed they cart into my car at Walmart and now my car has a scratch and a dent in one of the doors
 pmasonjdcpa  wordswurdsweird  jiruns  NewBalanceUSA  newbalance I sure hope you don't buy anything from Walmart.
20 Min for 1 more chance to get the NES Classic Edition at Walmart for  59.88!  nintendoNESmini It sells fast!
 Walmart what's up with the price hike on the NES Classic?!
some stupid bitch pushed they cart into my car at Walmart and now my car has a scratch and a dent in one of the doors 😤
 chrisdunnson We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
Let me get back to work and stop hiding in Walmart restroom
 videogamedeals it's only thru a 3rd party vender, no actual Walmart stock. Hence the high price
Walmart App: Shopping, Savings Catcher, & More – Walmart  apple  apps  shopping
 Walmart  branscumgroup what they won't tell you is they failed to limit customers to one unit like Amazon so autob… 
. There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 Walmart I'm sure it's the bots that are buying them up in split seconds. Change the URL!
Honestly, the  2.50 popcorn chicken from Walmart could make my day
So...my parents are out of town. 1 fave and I'll go to Walmart and buy a goldfish 🐠
I'm at Walmart in Tegucigalpa 
Walmart doesn't pricematch anymore 😭😩😭
WALMART: ANIMAL CROSSING AMIIBO FESTIVAL WII U SET AND 3-PACK FIGURES ONLY  19.96 ( 90 VALUE)... 
 KiniroTonada at least its not walmart working there on  blackfriday i heard is hell
 llewsoba We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
 rollins1911 We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
 _yanayyy Walmart
 mkhammer  DLoesch  sophietheallet Isn't that a Walmart brand?
I got in a fight with the customer service lady at Walmart lol
 Mardarrell Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 TinyNue  occasionally on weekends I like to pretend I'm a orange flamingo and dance around Walmart in a bikini.
Delusional designer thinks FLOTUS-Elect gives a rat's ass.
NEWS FLASH:  MelaniaTrump could rock a Walmart dress.

I'm going to be making this Baklava  recipe for the  holiday.  ad  baklava  walmart… 
I'm about to spend 100 dollars in Walmart😩
Have your ham sandwich and fluffy eggs too with this recipe from  ICBINotButter.  mealinspirations 
 people she has Ivanka!  She could go to Walmart and look better than the Michelle monster
 illmaticmami old school by a tape with the adaptor prob sold at walmart
 _Lordswaggy1 walmart lol
 Walmart I think the most frustrating thing is that it is in my cart and within the time I go to check out, it is no longer available.
Busines. at Walmart is goiqg to be slow tomorrow. :(
"You know where you should take me? Walmart... So I can buy a Minecraft toy." 😍
 branscumgroup We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
 GeorgeStrait  Walmart Not available at all the stores. At least not  464.
I told myself I was gonna go to Walmart to buy just toothpaste and now I'm in the woodlands and have spent  274 dollars.
I hate myself.  :-)
Get all the way to Walmart and didn't have any money, cards or my checkbook. Running on mommy brain rn
Y'all look like real life Instagram models just to sit around your house or charge people 10 cents a bag at Walmart
i caved and got wasabi and soy sauce almonds at walmart bc im Weak
 sophietheallet still mad about Walmart pulling your clothing line out of their stores?  Damn!  And right before Black Friday...Double Damn!
 james_k_johnson We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
 Bitcoin and  Altcoins News: Walmart Tests the  Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety... 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Oshkosh, WI 
Oh and  walmart letting bots buy up all the inventory is bad practice 
PSA: Walmart now has a HUGE e.l.f. section!!! 
im gonna be bigger than walmart
 Walmart – Ozark Trail 22 piece  Camping Combo Set Only  99.00 (Reg  149.00) + Free Shipping. 
Are all Walmart employees really that incompetent?
 T3k We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
Went to Walmart and bought everything except what I originally went for😅
 Walmart when it has happened multiple days in a row, it just plain sucks
And how come homemade sweet potato pies go bad, but Patti's be in Walmart for weeks still fresh??? 😩😩  ClonedPotatoPies 😂😂😂
Swear I only see  camobaby14 in walmart
win a Sparkling Xmas Wreath by and a Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways  booklove101 
Next time you’re at Walmart, grab a cheap plastic ball and copy this woman’s brilliant Christmas porch idea!... 
Called my local Walmart to check stock on  HardwiredToSelfDestruct Clerk said last CD on shelf. He told me he would… 
Enter 2 win a Sparkling Xmas Wreath by & a Walmart Giftcard!  gobblinggiveaways  booklove101 
 Walmart Donna, I realize that but the item was in my cart and I was multiple steps through the checkout process. Seems like a system flaw.
Milk and Cookie Time! Stock up & Save Big with  OREOcookies  oreo  walmart  snackandsave  walmart… 
 tybunz finessed Walmart for Gatorade just the other day.
Walmart Plans To Track Fresh Produce Like Bitcoin - The Consumerist ➤  blockchain  btc
i'm singing hard carry in walmart. i hate this
 r_e_o_n_ We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
Best Garcinia Cambogia Pure Extract: Walmart? - 
Monster High Storytelling Scarnival  Draculaura –  9.01 (Reg.  14.97)  deals  walmart  doll
Today’s your last chance to get a NES Classic  MobileTechNews 
 Masserati_ I actually just picked this up at walmart today for  10. now I can be a filthy genwunner in style 
I checked in at Walmart Superstore on  Yelp 
Just crop dusted about 100' of Walmart.   Today was a good day.
I CANT WATCH WESTONS NEW VIDEO BECAUSE I WAS AT WALMART WATCHING ICARLY AND WENT OVER DATA BUT YET IM STILL TWEETING RN OKAY I HATE MYSELF
Another food tip for macro peeps: get some real fruit popsicles at walmart, they are only 35 cal with only 10 carbs and they are to die for
 Target  garthbrooks funny how that's the reason I choose to shop at  Walmart
She should go get something at Walmart and show she is on normal people side. 
Goes to Walmart not wanting to spend more than  10...spends  20 on coloring book& colored pencils...but who cares bc it's Thanksgivin brk !!
This girl in Walmart just told me I look like a sex Carmel Twix 💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
Watch The Thanksgiving Commercial That's Making Everyone Cry  Walmart via  delishdotcom
Monster High ... -  Doll  GiftIdea  Kids  MonsterHigh  Deals  Walmart 
 MentalHealth News: Largest singleday health screening event Walmart Wellness Day a 'huge success' 
Last time I checked they don't sell her stuff at Walmart xxx 
If I'm at the back of the bus and you're sitting in the front and I can smell your shitty Walmart perfume, theres a problem.
You know Im pretty skeptical of that Walmart NES Classic listing. Even if I managed to get one, theyd probably ship me a turkey instead.
Ok  Walmart let's try again today , hope I doesn't go sold out when I'm at checkout  NesClassic
Love this! There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Police: Woman Shoplifts, Pepper-Sprays Walmart Employees In SW OKC  Oklahoma 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lithonia, GA 
 ItsFreeAtLast  Freebies4Mom  Walmart  popsicleblog The one on the bottom left is adorable <3
Ozark Trail 10x10-Foot Sun Wall for Gazebo for  10 + pickup at Walmart Free ...

 Coupons

Read more: 
Why do grocery stores and places like Walmart have 15-20 "lanes" but only keep 2-3 lanes & the self serve open & NEVER the express lanes?
Cathie Harris - I Found Jesus At Walmart:  playingnow on 
Find out great smartphone deals this Black Friday from Walmart and Amazo.. Related Articles: 
WALMART CLAW MACHINE TOOK MY MONEY!! (Vlog Day 197) 
I be out here whipping these Walmart mashed potatoes. Come see me wearing a beard net in the deli
New report card on toxics:  Walmart &  Target get B’s,  amazon &  Costco get F’s. More at:  MindTheStore
Walmart Foundation Donates  500K to New Women and Infants Center -- 
The Annual Stuff A Truck in front of Walmart on Pleasant Valley Rd. Winchester is going until 6 tonight 
Walmart 39 Best Black Friday Doorbusters and Deals 
Cant wait to get my new glasses so I can see. Never Walmart — feeling fabulous at Metzger Eye Care 
 Walmart y'all outta pocket! 
Obtener el suyo en  Wa There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Imma record all the fights at Walmart 
 Mardarrell We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
 thepriceisright We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
im so angry i want to go to walmart like 3 hours ago but :))))))))))
 alyssalandress We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
 Retweet  Specials  South Shore Summertime 6 Drawer Double Dresser White and 
 CopThese Which of the sites on the list? Just Walmart?
 Kyle_man1979 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Yesss pleaseee, because the one I buy from Walmart hasn't helped not one bit !!!!  
Donna, the damage has already been done :( 
Found new large duffel bag on WalMart website, advertised 42x25x25 size.  Thinking new bag for fursuits.  Receive it... it's 42x15 instead.
 bradleymcv We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
Getting the 3 xmen movies i was missing for the low   Walmart today >>>>>>
 Walmart Why not let people pre-order and then ship when you get more in stock?
 pattymo I walked into Walmart only to loudly announce I shat in the Target restroom 15 minutes ago. The  7 wage employees didn't care. Help
Incoming!   Walmart 
 Walmart Yes, but your site keeps crashing.  Even when logging in min before.
ppl look at me like i'm 10 when i walk around walmart by myself
I can't wait to make this Chocolate Candy Cane Cookie  recipe
  ad  cookies  walmart… 
 gracevfansite how do u pre order it at walmart ?
I wonder if I'm still banned from midway Walmart for stealing 48 pop tarts when I was 16
lol i dont even know how im getting to walmart for the the bucket drop
LOL! This  WalMart designer refuses 2 dress  MelaniaFirstLady? Bitch plz her style is much higher than yours anyway. 
 Walmart I get that, but your site shouldn't crash or let me add to cart and then take away. That's ridiculous.
You actually went to Walmart 💀why ain't you just come behind the gate ? That's where I was 
WE GOT WALMART GIFT CARDS AS A THANKSGIVING GIFT☺️ I CANT WAIT FOR OUR XMAS PARTY & GIFTS
I miss the smiley face on walmart bags!
 HazenNewton Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
when I'm grabbing groceries at Walmart my boyfriend runs (literally)away with the cart so thats how my relationship is going
 TheFray guys have a issue .. preordered your new album during the walmart preorder sales & didn't receive the signed booklet 😢😢😭😭
 jenntripRN All Black Friday pricing will b avail. both in store & online, w/exception of specially marked items on last 2pgs of flyer. -KM
 jacquezjason We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
 Walmart – 14′  Trampoline with Proflex Enclosure and Electron Shooter Game,  199.00 (Reg  319.00) + Free Shipping 
 Selenaaaaa_x3 I'm so excited. It's at Walmart rn and iPhone :)
 MedicalQuack  jorient I get my two Rxs from Walmart, but I pay cash with no insurance affiliation,although I have a policy. Am I safe?
I was just told I was too pretty to be at Walmart in Batavia. 🆘
 StephMcMahon  pam_kaufman12  WWE My Walmart doesn't carry them. 😭😭😡😡
 offtrack11 We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
I'll be making these  whitechocolate Cranberry Layer Bars for  thanksgiving.  ad ... by  ElizabethL via  c0nvey
Walmart sucks, I never have service in here 😡
Just seen that I was at Walmart when u called 
It's been an hour and a half and I'm still at Walmart. I'll never come here for oil again I swear.
New post: Target: Rubbermaid Easy Find Lids Food Storage Set Only  6.99 (Reg.  20) 
Enter to Win a  250 Walmart Gift Card from Whole Heart & Home 
 disney Limited Edition Of Disney TsumTsum Gift Pack!! Walmart Exclusive! Special Pluto! pl… 
SAVE  2.50 On Any Two (2) IZZE 4-packs Printable  Coupon here -  
 xDatBoiSOBLE We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
21st Century America sucks.
Xmas music in Walmart. Not Thanksgiving yet.
 Kyle_man1979 We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
 KeepsItForReal Thanks for bringing this to our attention. We do not condone this language and the associate is no longer with our company.
Nothing quite like walking into the bathroom at Walmart only to photo bomb someone taking a mirror selfie
 tHeRuNnInGbOoK  brookecarrera  ruinedpicnic he walked up to me at work (Walmart) and he socked me with a bike he found
Deeply disturbed by this trip to the Denison Walmart. Deeply disturbed.
 MichaelRenae We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and they sell fast. -Donna
that awkward moment when you clog your friends toilet & have to go to walmart to get a plunger before they get home. 😭
I'm a slip this Walmart pharmacist my number she was adorable.
Wow!   Walmart is the only online store that has a system to alert users when a product is back in stock?  At least the ones I checked.
Once the king,  Hallmark cards reduced to a disheveled looking display in an obscure location in Walmart.  hallmark… 
i be tryna look crazy af in walmart so mfs dont speak to me 😇
 missTwilldo  ProfVinceTucker I think yall spoke that test stuff up on me! I was in Walmart about to do my own act of kindness (thinking I
Lol gonna be walmart on the floor at this concert 😂😂😂😂😂  Dying 
 CashSiteSamoan bruhh no one went to Walmart like we were supposed to🙄
Comparing Victoria Secret bras to Walmart t-shirts...  Makes sense 
"Walmart does a bang up job"  RJohnson1992  samanthakels 
I'm sharing how to make an easy crinkle dog toy to add to a gift basket. AD  PAWsomeGifts… 
 BRIng_Me_Dat right. Walmart an easy gig but naw lol
 deeeanaaah your skin looks perfect 😘💕 but it does make your skin feel crazy soft 😂😂😂 and I got it at Walmart!:)
 feliaba  SleepyWyatt omg. Feli I forgot about that. You can look on Amazon or wish! Probably cheap, but Walmart & target gave them ♥️
Wowzers i actually got hit on at walmart what is this. Makeup does wonDERS
Im so ready to leave walmart....
I am literally standing outside my house thinking kevin was gunna bring my wallet but THIS NIGGA AT WALMART
 ESTxx91 That's odd! Please share the details with our help desk team: -Donna
walmart has neon vests for  5 & under!!  BringOutTheBuckets & neon tonight at 7!! lets go spartans! 💛💚 BHS_Legion 
 HeyTammyBruce  MELANIATRUMP  VanityFair I hear Walmart needs a new designer.
New Printable Temptation Cat Treats for 61¢ or less at Walmart - 
Excited to work with  WEConnection members  Walmart  Boeing  FreeportMcMoRan in support of  we_apec &  UNHLP  SDG g… 
 PoindextersLab 
Goto Walmart and get fish fry and I got us.
The Walmart in  bucktown be dead
ima be the only person here after 8. walmart gmfu. 🤦🏾‍♀️
Really spent  70 in Walmart & my budget was to spend  50 at most... yikes 😐
 KingShawn901 EXACTLY!!! like girl I don't know anybody who would pass up  11+  for a walmart job
 DonCooper Sam Walton was far from the best dressed, but was still the Richest man in the world through owning Walmart.
 Lo_Diddy  BestBuy annnnd thanks for warning me.  Walmart or  Target , your move.
Every time I walk into Walmart  I immediately regret it
"At least we're straight white men." - Chris Barrick, just now, in Walmart.
 Walmart this is the 3rd salad i've bought that has gone bad way before expiry date!!! Get better! 
When Walmart says there's cookies in the break room 
 tinytania__ hopefully I find it, did you get it at target or Walmart?
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Opening 5x Mystery Power 1 Walmart Boxes! Pokemon TCG unboxing
Target, Party City don't have it, Walmart last chance. Being a knick fan, I'm sure they won't have it, because it's how life works lol
❤️Find us inside the Walmart at 2301 Freeway Dr. Mt. Vernon, WA.  beautiful  seattle  washington  mountvernonwa… 
 itsfiveoclocksomewhere  elainesloungegpt  happyhour  joinus  admissionfree   Walmart Gulfport 
Need a toaster (at  Walmart in Tampa, FL) 
Money buys justice..
 If a poor kid shoplifts at walmart he will probably get years in jail... 
If you own a car and care about that car , don't take it to Walmart auto center  Tips
Walmart has the Dyson Light Ball Multifloor Bagless Upright Vacuum on sale for  249 (35% off) 
When you promote the release of the new   GeorgeStrait box set only to not have any on the sales floor. Thank you… 
Wonderful  MotherNature  birds in the  sky such a  beautiful  scene  earth   Walmart Stratford 
 AlchyAums one time me and Justus were at Walmart & he pinched me and I walked into and isle and busted out crying :)) hormones are crazy
lmao my walmart still has piles of CoD ghosts special edition or whatever it's called
Walmart is the sole reason im always broke
Walmart is the bane of my existence
Walmart is to me what target is to other girls
Walmart run
And a lady at Walmart said "Marry Christmas" no no no! It's November!!
I'm fucking Walmart up Thursday😂
 theyeezymafia just passed a homeless man and he had a free cart, said he got it from Walmart so headed there...✊🏻
We donated to  STPSmedia annual Stuff the Cruiser   Walmart today! Make your way out and help make a difference… 
My mammaw bought me another pair of christmas leggings from walmart 😳
Sadly I'm Walmart
That time Walmart banned a T-shirt saying 'a woman will be president' 
Tom & Steuart Walton created a huge bike trail network in  northwestarkansas.  VistaProductionsInc  Walmart  biking 
LG 306G TracFone Prepaid Smartphone  10 + pickup at Walmart  Coupons

Read more: 
Went to Walmart just because they got all shit on sale 🙌
I swear to fuck some customers come to Walmart EVERY FUCKING DAY
Old man in Walmart just told me I'm beautiful
 annacarol5863 will you bring me some food to Walmart? Dying over here
Little snow and wind and everyone forgets how a car works. About 8 cars stuck in walmart parking lot, how does that even happen.
Bet They sellin niggaz for ya kind at Walmart. 
Come to Walmart or the Real Canadian Superstore in St Thomas today from 4pm until 10pm and tomorrow from 10 until 2pm for Stuff the cruiser!
This ep is great & really funny. Street Fight/Grey Wolf crossover, y'all! 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Virginia Beach, VA 
I'm beyond tired. Should've went to sleep last night instead of hitting up  Walmart and watching a movie
Mike Huckabee a diplomat for what 
 Walmart?? Omg !! this train wreck just gets more and more embarrassing..
"welcome to walmart. i love you. welcome to walmart. i love you. welcome to walmart. i love you. welcome to walmart… 
Turn your favorite memories into gifts AD  walmart  WalmartPhotoHoliday 
Power quote: "It's just one of those crazy Walmart pictures"...

 MaglotWolf  Walmart Price gouge much?
 sjw_nonsense Get on my level. I buy weeb games with little girls on the cover of them without batting an eye.

In walmart.
Walmart gotta humble these young black hoes
Gonna try cop a NES Classic from Walmart.
Johnny from Walmart decides it's high time he shoots a pumpkin canon. All proceeds benefit SHOP WITH A COP. No dona… 
If you know me well, you'll know that I always end up in the Walmart parking lot thinking abt life. Guess where I am 😩
I can't wait to make this Chocolate Candy Cane Cookie  recipe
  ad  cookies... by  LKnerl via  c0nvey
I heard a Walmart employee roasting somebody talking bout how they could be working anywhere else making  11 or  12 a hour if they wanted
I hate coming to the Walmart on 27th
Maybe Dean can ask Walmart whether they'll have special Remnants bins set up for a certain record album being relea… 
here for more stuff (  Walmart Supercenter) on  Yelp 
 drewmckevitt A sub-par Kroger and Walmart. We gotta drive to the big city (Memphis) for anything else.
Ozark Trail 10x10-Foot Sun Wall for Gazebo for  10 + pickup at Walmart - 
I'm at Walmart Supercenter in Oklahoma City, OK 
Can Walmart cashiers be any slower??
 MsPattiPatti can't wait 2 try those Sweet Potato Pies  Walmart. Miss doing your flight ticketing & watching you stroll through  PHLAirport.
Notice: women are people, not objects we should be able to walk through Walmart without your nasty ass cat calls. Thanks
 nyoooms  rohanhentai im at walmart 👀
Walmart.py is a credit card stealer, and order women's panties by SKU.  hype  NESmini
WARNING: Walmart Check SCAM. If You Receive This Check, Do Not Cash It 
Walmart got tht 
guess who walked all the way to walmart this morning just to get pokemon sun and moon
"If you can't get it at Walmart,  you don't need it. " ---My Conducter
Finna go to Walmart and get these products y'all suggested to me lol
Had to go to the store today, ugh. Yes it was Walmart, even worse. Was looking for light corn syrup and couldn't... 
(SMoon Spoilers) Walks into Walmart during November like 
Love these DIY  Walmart Photo coasters from  jennmeyering84. Great gift idea! AD 
 Sm0kal0ke I have work until 5:30, on the way home I'm snaggin this   a  Walmart . Can't wait to see Mistyloke.
Happy Birthday my boi I know Whichever Walmart you choose to go into tonight won't be ready 😂😂 Happy Birthday ones again  ItsSquilliam004
I hope Walmart shit out 😂
Why is this dude walking around Walmart recording me!?
I need to go to Walmart but i hate that store with a passion . It be too much goin on
How am I doing? I'm at Walmart in Southern Alabama, HOW DO YOU THINK I'M DOING?
Why does  Snapchat featured look like the magazine rack before checkout at Walmart?
But this happened :( and all the fun has stopped smh
Walmart knows what their doing when they have Christmas music playing 🙌🏼
Don't cash Walmart check scammers get your bank account info and take over your account. 
Walked up to Walmart. Left my list at home. 3 items on their. I can only remember 1. What the shit abbey.
 NahFam_ I like how this nigga  UnxleRuxis pop back up 😂😂 nigga probably eating Walmart brand popcorn wit his cyborg looking ass
I'm going to Walmart after school
North States Plastic Stairway Gate for  13 + pickup at Walmart - 
Shuttle Service Schedule for December -  

The Walmart shuttle service will be available on December 2, 9, 16 at... 
*kids in Walmart asking their mom to ride the 25 cent machine*
mom: "fine. but you can only ride it once because I'm unemployed"
Walmart -.- 
if i pass out at walmart i'll be so mad
I'm headed to Walmart to get food and I turn my car on. Instantly I'm hit with Maria Carey's Christmas song. I turned it off and went inside
Kinis visit log day 4:
I am embarrassed by how much my parents enjoyed going to Walmart. 
I am proud of how addicted they've gotten to HGTV.
 murrjurr We didn't mean to make you sad! Supplies are limited and sell out quickly. -Donna
 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Store Maps Now Online  blackfridaydeals2016
Walmart Black Friday 2016 Store Maps Now Online 
I used to live in Hickory, North Carolina (very briefly) the only thing out there was the 24  hour walmart it was like a night club lol
Rip 2 in respect to 2 - walmart outermost spindle kin: tJhdqaB
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Kansas City, MO 
Work closed early because of weather  so instead of going home, i went to Walmart for 7 and a half hours.  WhatALife
I'll be making these  whitechocolate Cranberry Layer Bars for  thanksgiving.  ad ... by  TheWordens via  c0nvey
"Walmart Tests the Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety"  bitcoin  feedly
 MissZindzi Trump's gonna be out there speaking to a bunch of rural Walmart customers dressed in camo and confederate flag patterns.
Walmart has probably never sold so many onesies 😂😅
 Shopping for the holidays this  weekend? Snatch this deal>  mommy   happythankgiving  ad 
Everybody in Walmart RN is gettin turkey, stuffing, cranberry, gravy; I'm like, where's the frozen taquitos
 ianjmoses Thank you for your service. We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and sell out quickly. -Donna
my lightstick may be walmart but i put my heart into wiggling it
Walmart's men's clothing section is 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
From iPhone to Xbox: Is  Walmart highlighting the best deals in  retail this  BlackFriday? 
When your life is as organized as the  5 DVD bin at Walmart 🙄
You can buy guns at Walmart
 Krazyskibunnie We accept less than perfect produce in a variety of ways that provide value to our customers w/out compromising quality. -KM
 mwc82 Paying for solar not so different from people deciding not to shop at Walmart, but soon that won't matter as price falling rapidly
 MortalKombat X for  PS4 from  Walmart 
 PlayStation

 chrischavez95 update: I brought Eddy to Walmart for a walk
oop walmart.py
Mario from Walmart Bitch 😛😂 
Walmart: Cool Whip Topping Only  0.70! on  bloglovin
 fashionsizzle1  shailenewoodley Wow, if this is what LA calls fashion I'll keep shopping   Walmart!
On another note- getting an oil change at Walmart has literally been the most frustrating experience ever.
 xDatBoiSOBLE We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and sell out quickly. -Donna
 RepublicaWorld  Walmart  LasVegasAcademy So proud to be with these great young people!  MasFelicidad 
 LatoyaBembry even  Walmart has jacked up the price. 
 videogamedeals That Page on is now broken--it might be in now.
Look who showed up!  santa   Walmart Tunkhannock 
gucci vs walmart 
 videogamedeals tried that yesterday. They probably have 1 in stock or none. Seems flaky like a click bait tactic by Walmart
 UtahCoOp Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 TweetLikeAGirI  hannahweidner becuz that 4 pack is at walmart and yall buying those bras and make up at Victoria Secret and sephora
So excited to find my favorite treat at Walmart... too bad it was two months EXPIRED. :( 
Walmart they got everything 
Walmart Tests the Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety  blockchain  
 PythonKicks would you sell .py after the Walmart drop? Just looking for code to learn from. LMK
Find your Snuggle  There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 Walmart since the Black Friday sales start all day on Thursday, when am I supposed to receive the items if I order online?
 Walmart I signed up for in stock alert but nothing sent for it. I even created an account just so it would be easy check out. Was on   5est
 Walmart yes that's how I knew when it restocked. Why let me put it in my cart if I can't buy it?
I received  10 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
Walmart Is Hoping a  Blockchain Can Clean Up China’s Dirty Pork Industry 
Bless who evers soul that left their  20 in the Walmart self checkout 🙏🏽🙏🏽 you the real mvp
If you're out and about doing holiday shopping stop by Walmart off East Joyce. They have a canned food campout dona… 
Our local Dollar General store was playing Nine Inch Nails. I think I'll start shopping there instead of Walmart.
LMFAO HE TOLD ME THIS IN WALMART I WAS LIKE ?? 
 NancyVuong Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
So the college football national championship trophy was on display at Walmart today by me and no one told me..
Just got hit on in  Walmart : another dollar goes to the student loan fund. 💸
 althisguy oh I would never buy above msrp lol walmart is going to restock in ~an hour
Now Playing Walmart Commercial - Walmart Commercial 
Faded glory walmart 
 KHawks84 The item is very popular! You can sign up for an "In Stock" alert here:  Thanks for asking! -Katz
 MisterBradyy We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and sell out quickly. Did you sign up for an instock alert? -Donna
 PythonKicks nes or Walmart.py?
 ESTxx91  Walmart it's because of people using scalper bot to buy up all available stock in seconds
if you don't self checkout at Walmart , you doing wrong in life .
Tired of seeing these riverside females wearing Walmart uggs😣
Free Walmart Baby Box! 
Ok-1look at this designer and I think who is she to be dressing Melania "like who dressed her?" Melania could wear… 
 NightmarEclipse  Kimba_67  sophietheallet fathers company so I had respect for them.  She might as well make clothes for Walmart now.
 CONST2K i mix the old navy denims with the walmart hoodie.
 Wha_if We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and sell out quickly. Did you sign up for an instock alert? -Donna
HighTech - Amazon's Black Friday starts early with Alexa ‘voice sho -  tech 
It's going to be a rough night at Walmart.
Okay America is so weird but I love Walmart
 Retale awesome Walmart deals for Thanksgiving dinner  RetaleGobbles
Aesthetic: a really good picture of the smiley tower obviously taken from the WalMart parking lot
No Walmart Shuttle Service on November 25th (Friday) -  

Hello International Students and Scholars,
Greetings... 
 BMooney625 We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and sell out quickly. Did you sign up for an instock alert? -Donna
 katvernon16 We have these t-shirts available online -KM
Sounds about right. ~Mookie 
3 Little Pigs boardgame for the holidays! Now available at Walmart  usfg  3littlepigs 
Last chance to snag NintendoAmerica NES Classic Edition from Walmart at 5 p.m. ET! 
4 more hours until I can get Sun..........
I hope it's still in stock bc stuff gets bought so quickly at this god damn walmart
The only exclusives that the target version has is jinx and 2 live versions. Then I think I'd rather get it from walmart.
I perfected my Guest Bedroom for my Holiday houseguests with luxe & lovely  Walmart Hotel Style bedding! Take a pee… 
I should get that Walmart page for the NES Mini loaded up, but I know it's just going to end in disappointment yet again.
Watch Your Mail Carefully, If You See A Check Like This From Walmart, Here’s What It Means: 
I'm trynna get tires on my car BUT Walmart trynna make me wait 2 hours 😪
 MarcusOsnato We apologize for the inconvenience. Supplies are limited and sell out quickly. Did you sign up for an instock alert? -Donna
Any female can be bad on a Friday night with bundles in and makeup on 🤔 what she look like throughout the week or when she go to Walmart
Today Is The Last Day To Possibly Score A NES Classic Edition From Walmart For ... - 
 anya_fennec that's a good idea, since i kinda doubt my small town walmart bothers to sell them anymore
 TwitchyTeam Good thing she'd be beautiful in a moo-moo or off-the-rack Walmart. She should shun them all right back.
I almost busted my ass in Walmart and this little kid saw 🙃 I know he laughing at me
If you're a business major, I HIGHLY recommend interning for Sams/Walmart ! The program is awesome really and pays well 😉
I spent two hours in Walmart and only spent 6 dollars
 Walmart The term "Black Friday" offends me!
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 11/18/2016 4:01:23 PM
I don't have a problem with Black Friday.
I have a problem with Walmart having their Black Friday event on Thanksgiving night
 FerrelBrock  LEGODimensions  sonic_hedgehog packs are on sale in store at Walmart fun packs  10, team packs  20 and Level Packs  25
 abrownn22 We apologize for the inconvenience. Please share details with our Help Desk Team: -Donna
Family Matters announces Walmart Foundation Grant Healthy Living No Senior Hungry Initiative for DC's Ward 8 senior… 
This girl is asking me how to cover up a pimple but she didn't know they had makeup at Walmart 🤔😅
Cold Weather Skin Savers at Walmart!  ad  FaceCareForMe
NES Classic Edition Should be in Stock in 1 Hour via Walmart. Will Not Post When Live Since There is no Point.… 
 Walmart how can you get order on the hatchimals? making people rush and fight is disgusting! 49  can find for unde… 
Somehow I go from work to Walmart 🙄 it's my mother's fault
Walmart: Cool Whip Topping Only  0.70! 
These game day recipes are amazing   ad  OEP&GameDay  OldElPaso  Walmart
You can shop All Digestive Health Remedies At  Walmart & get  GetReliefFromTheFeast  ad   FeelBetterFromTopToBottom
Nice Deal on Nutella ~ as low as  0.93   Walmart - 
T-minus 1 hour for the Walmart disappointment reload!  Will I get it in the cart again?  Does it even matter?
I need to go to Walmart, Target,& Barney's... Yet all I feel like doing is sleeping.
 fsuZEKE We apologize! As you can imagine, supplies are limited and sell out quickly. Did you sign up for an In-Stock Alert? -Donna
Last chance to snag  NintendoAmerica NES Classic Edition from  Walmart at 5 p.m. ET! 
Arcade Claw Machine Walmart & Meijer Trip What Can I Win? Arcadejackpotpro: via  YouTube
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
 pambesteder  JoshNoneYaBiz  HeyTammyBruce ...or not. Melania could dress off the rack from Walmart and still look classy
Can someone go to Walmart and get me a heating pad last night because I use hot water bottles for cramps.
Just went to Walmart and got really sad b/c it was nothing but people 40 years and older. This is going to be my life again soon.
EEK JUST FOUND MRS. PHELPS IN A WALMART BoeingTHROOM 😍😍😍
Sneak peek of the commercial I'm shooting for  Walmart showing you how to make simple elegant… 
thank u walmart for staying open on Thanksgiving day to have an "event" for Black Friday. thanks for making it impossible for me to have din
Help make bathtime more fun with  SuaveBeauty Kids Disney Products and save now at  Walmart  AD  WMSuaveKids… 
ATTI:  ML09Purple 291 is at Mon County Ballpark and UTC Walmart at 11/18/2016 3:59:31 PM
Heading into a Walmart. Wish me luck.
 missedyou you work at subway in walmart - m4w (norwalk)
When you see the managers and the interns walking around Walmart running shit 😂 makes me miss my internship lol
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  CricketRewards Download today!  
 SE_BenjaminZack Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats cookies as gifts!  ad 
 m_leigh_c7 just brought me a strawberry cheesecake to work and said " I saw you looking at it a Walmart"..No ones ever treated me this good
Heading into Dundalk Walmart to pick up the new  Metallica album. This should be a trip LMAO 😭😭😂😂
 jessesingal Take a LONG Look in the mirror Sweetie...  You are as insignificant as RAT SHIT under a WALMART DUMPSTER and ALWAYS will be....
Why tf is Walmart playing Christmas music right now.
View all metro Detroit Black Friday ads & deals  detroit 
Walked out of Walmart with this beauty 
Me and EL Chapo use to laugh at all the clowns together😂😂😂 our famous Walmart runs was the best
 JiggySince_94 it's Walmart not the White House .... you'll get a warning if it's outta code
Mother and daughter baffled by dead deer in shopping cart inside Walmart - 
 people Melania could wear Walmart clothes and look 1MMX better than Hillary in those vacuum cleaner bags she favors.
Happy Thanksgiving from our Law Enforcement Family to yours! 💕  dcpolicedept  walmart  lexisnexisdccares 
MAGA'ing Outside of a WalMart job site in North Carolina - "We Have the Very Best Pallets, Don't We  
Mustang WalMart. So many people smiled at me that I literally stopped to look in the mirror to see if I had food or something on my face.
Also Walmart is one of the worst corporations out there
 bearandlionmama i know! I just stumbled across some in Walmart and that started it all. Haha.
Walmart season they chicken with water and pepper
Walmart puns and stranded friend 
Now understand!! Before that I lived in Portland where they tried to build a Walmart and people protested and it was never built
Everyone avoid Groton library and Walmart area!! Both have accidents and jam packed with cars
Smells great There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
 cortezwiley Your feedback is important to us in improving your experience. Please share details: -Donna
 teagangavet So while it is the Walmart website, it might not actually be Walmart selling the items. It should say who sells on right.
FUCK YEA WALMART HERE WE COME. LAST DAY LETS COOK
Lazy fat people on motorized scooters are the worst Walmart customers.
 Walmart 4 within 20 miles of me, all of them stopped. Will take my business to Target & Best Buy from now on. Last straw for me.
 Dennismaina4  ConsumersKenya Walmart first targeted Nakumatt and then went for Naivas but some shareholder withdrew from the sale
My uncle said when I moved to Sonora they found a note I wrote saying "it's horrible here people shop at Walmart"
Those are cheap ass Walmart  undershirts u dumb bitch ....no brand sells 4 shirts for  10 .... get dafuq outta here 
 teagangavet Is it the online website? Walmart's online website is starting to be a bit like amazon where they allow some 3rd party sellers.
Finna go to Walmart to pick up a turkey hat
 slab12 Nah, still too "dressy" for Walmart.  Try some stained pajama pants, if you want to "fit in"
 ShopSmall  Walmart was a small business once. He chose to not over charge & therefore more people can afford. He deserves to be rich
Seen this online when I was shopping through Walmart and thought hmmm that will match our bedroom :) I think it... 
We’re proud 2 stand w/  OURWmt for  15 & fulltime. Help  Walmart workers get tools they need to win… 
Google Wifi can now be pre-ordered from Google Store, B&H, Walmart, Amazon, and Best Buy 
"YOU'RE LOW ON WIPER FLUID! BoeingRE MINIMUM FOR BRAKE FLUID!!"  It's cool, bro, there's a Walmart like sixty feet  away, it's all good.
Walmart Tests the Blockchain to Tackle Food Safety  blockchain
Mother and daughter baffled by dead deer in shopping cart inside Walmart -  Shopping
Just saw a dude get down on the ground and crawl under the shelves at Walmart.. 
Did you see the Walmart advert for  BlackFriday? 
 Walmart: Get Up For Black Friday -  BlackFriday  Entertainment 
 TheTechDad Kohl's target Walmart every year :(  VZWBuzz
Got a second interview at Walmart!
 psynister at Walmart? Doing inventory control?
I LOVE YOU MORW THEN THE PIG HEADS AT WALMART 
LastChanceEbay: Skylanders Imaginators Walmart Exclusive Triple Pack Set of Two NEW  ebay  deals  toys  games
New Heinz Chili or Cocktail Sauce Coupon = Deals at Walmart, Target AND Homeland! 
I seen these bitches searching for velveeta in Walmart yesterday and I wanted to be like BUY SOME REALY CHEESE
"at Walmart these are  10 less" 
"at Walmart these are half that price"
"at Walmart these are litERALLY FREE THEY JUST GIVE THEM OUT"
walked into walmart with my spirit clothes still on & have everyone giving me weird ass looks 😭😭
 Steelseries Only things that should be changed are my Walmart keyboard, off-the-shelf "gaming mouse" and mousepad. 
That will insure that every single Walmart employee will download that dude and add enormous clout to the cause. 
I liked a  YouTube video Little Texas Girl BEGS FOR MERCY, As Dad DRAGS HER BY HAIR In Walmart!!
 ScottPierman I have 3 guesses: Audubon Walmart, Liquor Barn on 130, and last but not least Caps Bar & Grill
I was looking at white sheets in Walmart when someone came up and asked if I was part of the KKK. Like what is wrong with people?
 TsNicoleMancini girl yes!!!! And will rock a mink in my lingerie from Victoria's Secret just to go to Walmart 😭
 Dennismaina4  ConsumersKenya well, economists consider that as a bad footing for Walmart, establishing itself with a single store in GC
To the person that picked their nose in Walmart and looked around to see if anyone saw you. I saw you. God saw you.Be ashamed you sinner smh
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist DOLLAR TREE, TARGET, & WALMART || HAUL
DOLLAR TREE, TARGET, & WALMART || HAUL: via  YouTube
Skylanders Imaginators Walmart Exclusive Triple Pack Set of Two NEW  ebay  deals  toys  games
If I (ever) buy a new stock it would be one among these guys :  NSRGY  BEI.UN  Walmart  MCD  CL  P&G  DIS -- how about you? Fancy one of them?
 TSN  JACK  DLTR  Walmart  CPB:

Cramer’s game plan: Mitt Romney could send the market through …:


 Walmart  NYSE  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Levels for Week 21 Nov >>… 
 Walmart  ENRNQ:

Trump’s Pick for Attorney General Scoffed at ‘Too Big to Fail’:


Is Buffett Dumping Wal-Mart (NYSE  Walmart)?  NonCyclicalConsumer  ActivistInvestor… 
Market Update Video Analysis & Forecast on  Walmart &  FSLR by  APAZones with  Trading Zones for Week 21 Nov >>… 
 jsisitsky it all makes sense now...  COMatBU  InvestorRelations  PR  Walmart  CARB 
 XOM  amzn  googl  AVGO  Apple  pfe  cvs  bac  td  Walmart  COST  WFC  jnj  GE  LLY  gild  utx  fb  v  JPM  dis  pg  mo… 
 Walmart slight beat, positive same store growth. Great company, recession hedge, good value. 16x P/E,  2.9%  dividend.  stocks
On The Fly: Stocks end week higher but post-election rally decelerates  FB  VRX  Walmart  HD  LOW  TSLA  SCTY  VLKAY… 
Departure of Directors or Certain   Walmart
 DIS   Walmart   WTI  

The SIMPLEST way to find out stocks to buy! - 


NEW Video Analysis on  Walmart &  FSLR with important  Trading Zones Week 21 Nov by  APAZones > 
 WFC   DIS   Walmart  

Find stocks to trade now - 


Also relying on  GSP,  Walmart, and  AMZN to spike so i can pull out and make a quick nifty profit.
 DIS   Walmart   V  

The SIMPLEST way to find out stocks to buy! - 


Recent  Walmart technical alerts: Fell Below 50 DMA plus 7 more alerts... 
PANW Diana Containerships Inc. Market Cap
Read More --> 
 PANW  Walmart  VLO  finance
market barely moved today. crashes in  GSP AND  Walmart. Made some trades in  AMZN and it began to plummet 30 mins later. rough day  NYSE
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart Remains Barclays’ Top Pick Despite Mixed Results:


 Walmart is a store for losers,not even clean 
Benzinga: Wal-Mart Remains Barclays' Top Pick Despite Mixed Results  Walmart
Wal-Mart Remains Barclays' Top Pick Despite Mixed Results  Walmart
Commented on StockTwits:  Walmart  70 is really not that far away 
 Walmart [bto] DEC16  70 Cs   .50 | Average Down
 Walmart  NYSE  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Zones for Week 21 Nov >>… 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Stake Boosted by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Stake Lowered by 1ST Source Bank 
🔥Hot🔥 stocks today:  Walmart  RLOG  BBY  TFM  BEN  GSL  CHRW  HAIN  WNR  SJM  SINO  OCUL  DRYS  DCIX  STEM  CLD  SGNL  SCON  ZTO  LIVE
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Position Raised by Northpointe Capital LLC 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Shares Bought by V Wealth Management LLC 
EddyElfenbein: Here's your 8-stock index fund.  Walmart  JNJ  DIS  XOM  JPM  P&G  MMM  MSFT Equally weight them and you'll shadow the indexes.
Here's your 8-stock index fund.  Walmart  JNJ  DIS  XOM  JPM  P&G  MMM  MSFT Equally weight them and you'll shadow the indexes.
 GWRE  C^N  SWHC  DMTX  FNX  ININ  Walmart

The best way to find stocks to trade - 

Talking  Walmart,  CRM and  BBY earnings volatility now on  VolatilityViews  -
 AMD   WFC   Walmart  

Amazing tool for finding stock breakouts - 
Coming up next, discussing earnings volatility this week  CRM  Walmart  BBY  oil - Join us LIVE NOW at 
 WFC   Walmart   V  

The best tool for finding stocks to trade - 
 AMD   WFC   Walmart  

Great tool for finding stocks - 
 WFC   Walmart   V  

Algorithmic Long/Short Signals - 
 WFC   Walmart   V  

Great tool for finding stocks - 
Dividend Aristocrats in Focus Part 39: 
Wal-Mart  Walmart

 AMD   WFC   Walmart  

The best tool for finding stocks to trade - 
 AMD   WFC   Walmart  

Algorithmic Long/Short Signals - 
 SMFG  ISTR  VNET  Walmart  UVE  AAXJ  CEN

Find Stocks to Trade - 

 Walmart &  FSLR  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Zones for Week 21 Nov >… 
Ahold-Delhaize's U.S. stores pressured by Wal-Mart price fight via  Reuters  retail  grocery  pricing  Walmart
 639
 WALMART chart fail  STAY  AWAY
 Walmart 
 Walmart 3 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Selling 
 IDE  EFII  EGY  Walmart  REG^F  CARV  ANDAW

A Platform For Day Traders, By Day Traders. - 

 SYN   WFC   Walmart  

Amazing tool for finding stock breakouts - 
 SYN   WFC   Walmart  

The best tool for finding stocks to trade - 
 WFC   Walmart   V  

Amazing tool for finding stock breakouts - 
Wal-Mart Stores given  73.00 PT by Goldman Sachs Group Inc.. neutral rating.  Walmart  Walmart
 Walmart   V   VRX  

Find the best stocks to trade - 
All the best pre-Black Friday deals you can buy right now at  Walmart, Best Buy and Amazon. Read more:  Walmart
 Walmart   V   VRX  

Great tool for finding stocks - 
 SYN   WFC   Walmart  

Algorithmic Long/Short Signals - 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Given a  72.00 Price Target at RBC Capital Markets 
 WFC   Walmart   V  

Find the best stocks to trade - 
 Walmart   V   VRX  

Amazing tool for finding stock breakouts - 
 Walmart   V   VRX  

Algorithmic Long/Short Signals - 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Given a  73.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Analysts 
 Walmart Amazon Spreads Its Tentacles Far Beyond 'World's Biggest Bookstore' 
 SYN   WFC   Walmart  

Find the best stocks to trade - 
 Walmart   V   VRX  

The best tool for finding stocks to trade - 
 Walmart Union targets Kroenke, Wal-Mart in new  500,000 ad campaign 
News:  Walmart wants to challenge  Amazon. How's that going for it?  AMZN  Walmart  via  Bfly
NEW VIDEO! What you need to start trading stocks -->  DRYS  DCIX  SINO  ESEA  Walmart  SPY  SPX… 
 TANNI  VCEL  CFA  ESMC  Walmart  EARN  NEWS

Real-Time Algorithmic Trading Alerts - 

 XXII   WFC   Walmart  

The best tool for finding stocks to trade - 
 XXII   WFC   Walmart  

Great tool for finding stocks - 
 Walmart   V   VZ  

Great tool for finding stocks - 
 Google   AMD   Walmart  

Great tool for finding stocks - 
 Walmart   V   TWTR  

Great tool for finding stocks - 
 Walmart   V   TWTR  

Amazing tool for finding stock breakouts - 
 ARWR   Apple   Walmart  

Find the best stocks to trade - 
What's ailing Amazon? Trump win + more competition from  Walmart  BBY  TGT. I'll discuss on  TFEShow. 11:45 ET.  WRKO680 
 Walmart   V   TWTR  

Algorithmic Long/Short Signals - 
 ARWR   Apple   Walmart  

Amazing tool for finding stock breakouts - 
Target Corporation Stock Looks Even Better With Urban Strategy  TGT  Walmart  WFM  M 
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart’s Soft Q4 Guidance Doesn’t Rock Baird Analyst’s Positive …:


 ARWR   Apple   Walmart  

Great tool for finding stocks - 
Benzinga: Wal-Mart's Soft Q4 Guidance Doesn't Rock Baird Analyst's Positive View  Walmart
Wal-Mart's Soft Q4 Guidance Doesn't Rock Baird Analyst's Positive View  Walmart
Wal-Mart Stores given  72.00 PT by RBC Capital Markets. sell rating.  Walmart  Walmart
It’d be cool if  Walmart would lose  68 … still holding 1/2 short
 Walmart Consumer ETFs in Focus as Wal-Mart Misses Q3 Revenue 
 Walmart About to lead its sector, the market and an underperforming merchant called America into the green. 
 Read my JBP review - following his stock alerts I made  50K !!  BBY  FSLR  Walmart  WNR
 TRU  GRPN  Walmart  GPS  M:

This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping:


If you follow  NEWR Share your thoughts here ----> 
 Walmart  GPS  MAT  PNC
 AVAL  FSCFL  Walmart  CLUB  EIO  IMMU  PFIS

The best tool for finding stocks to trade - 
 Walmart Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target 
Stephens releases research reports on  RNG  SAIA  CRM  SFNC  SYF  SJM  Walmart  WPT  SIResearch 
This girl needs some love  heidstertrades  WalMart Disappoints Lower Profit But Higher Online Sales  Walmart  SPY 
My Trading Buddy - Stocks Analysis &amp; Outlook Video for  Walmart &amp;  FSLR 📈📉  Trading  NYSE &amp;  Nasdaq  Stocks 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Shares Slump As Sales Miss Estimates  Walmart  earnings  retailer  stocks… 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Price Target Lowered to  73.00 at Telsey Advisory Group 
Should You Buy Inc. (AMZN) Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons   AMZN  Walmart  Apple… 
Wal-Mart Is Thinking Like a Start-Up:  Walmart  AMZN
 SNE  SONY announces Deep Pink  Xperia XZ for Hong Kong Taiwan  T   Apple  CMCSA  BBY  Walmart… 
Wall Street Breakfast: Major Overhaul At  Volkswagen -  SPY  QQQ  Apple  AMZN,  Boeing   Walmart  F  TWTR  business  markets
 Walmart  TGT:

Better Buy: Wal-Mart Stores Inc. vs. Target:


 Walmart Retail Earnings Alert: Checking Out Best Buy, Staples and Walmart 
Price Target Lowered 11/18  CDE 18  MYL 47  Walmart 73  WSM 61
What's in Store for Holiday Season?  Walmart 
 Walmart:

5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart’s Earnings:


Benzinga: 5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart's Earnings  Walmart
 Walmart  TGT  M  KSS:

Holiday spending forecast at risk as blue-state shoppers suffer post …:


5 Good Things And 4 Bad From Wal-Mart's Earnings  Walmart
Can Conquer China With Prime? Learn here:  JD  Walmart  AMZN
FYI  walmart website security is trash. Won't accept simple generated password. 
 Walmart  walmart 
 Walmart Momentum has fallen for last 3 days and price crossed below the 50MA. Bearish sign? 
Why Cisco Systems, Wal-Mart Stores & Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks  CSCO  Walmart  REGN  AMZN
Currency Affects  Walmart - Lower Profit From  forex But Higher Online Sales  Walmart  SPY 
Stocks Rise as Yellen Reassures on Rates  SPX  DIJA  COMP  RUT  YCS  Walmart  BBY  MSFT  GPS… 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By  0.02 EPS 
*** Morning movers Walmart UWTI yesterdays runners potential.***
[yt]HQ7BJ7ldwyQ[/yt]   UWTI  Walmart 
If you follow  BNSO What do you think about it? ----> 
 AAL  Walmart  RS  RBPAA
Wal-Mart Stores Inc  Lower Price Target by Telsey Advisory Group (Ranked 71st) to  73 as Market Perform  Walmart  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Updates Q4 Earnings Guidance 
If you follow  APOL See what others are saying! ----> 
 Walmart  KAMN  SCON  PBHC
 NUE  MNK  Walmart options have the largest change in open interest. Free options screener. 
Evolving Retail Sector And Death Of Black Friday  Walmart  SHLD  M  BKS  AMZN  XLP  XLY  VDC  XRT  VCR  RTH  RETL  FXG
Wal-Mart Stores's PT cut by Telsey Advisory Group to  73.00. market perform rating.  Walmart  Walmart
Retweeted Drugdoctor1 ( Drugdoctor2014):

 MDCL Blue Chip Marijuana- Vegas Conference- Speaks Tomorrow  AMZN  Walmart... 
VIDEO: Walmart gets rocked by cheaper food prices but comes out alive  Walmart via  TheStreet
 Walmart  Stocks Video Analysis & Forecast with important  Trading Levels for Week 21 Nov >> 
 Walmart Trending Now 11/18/2016! If you follow Walmart This is a must join site!

Go here: ---->  
 Walmart Wal-Mart Tackles Food Safety With Test of Blockchain Technology 
 StockMarket Forecast  Walmart  Walmart and  FSLR Week of Nov21  Trading  Nasdaq  NYSE  Stocks |  scoopit 
 Walmart:

Wal-Mart Tackles Food Safety With Test of Blockchain Technology:


 Never stop  believing in  yourself.  ChangeTheWorld  YouCanDoIt  cvx  mrk  cmcsa  txn  wmt  MondayMotivation
 Dow  stocks  Walmart Wal-Mart Stores Daily:-3.08% Weekly:-3.08% YTD:15.32% Trend:10 / 100  
We calculated 21-day Expected Return of  Walmart for you: 0.4% 
Do you know that  Book Value for  Walmart is  24.71 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Releases Quarterly  Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By  0.02 EPS 
Thurs highest Call & Put ratio vs OI for Dec-Feb monthly exp (Min 500 Vol &1000 OI):  AMD  NVDA  Walmart  JNJ  XLF… 
To compete with Amazon, Walmart added 8 million new online items in the third quarter alone:… 
Rand Swiss morning note now out!

We look at  Walmart,  JSEOCE,  JSEINP and a whole lot more...


 Walmart ... and this is why I choose to shop at  Amazon: "Men roll dead deer into  Walmart in a shopping cart"  AMZN  V
A Rate Hike Is Coming Relatively Soon    BBY   C   F   JPM   TM   VRX   WFC   Walmart   CSCO   UGA   FXM 
 Walmart:

Earnings Season Gets An Election Bailout:


Walmart says customers won't likely spend more because of the Trump Rally as many don't watch the market:… 
 Verizon Falls From  Dow Top Spot  CAT  IBM  JNJ  JPM  Merck  UNH  VZ  Walmart  CSCO  Intel  DIA 
 MDCL Speaking Friday-Vegas-Largest Marijuana Conf  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S… 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Walmart Bearish MA Crossover Signal on 11/17/16 
Benzinga: Who Reigns Supreme In Big Box Same-Store Sales?  BBY  TGT  Walmart
Who Reigns Supreme In Big Box Same-Store Sales?  BBY  TGT  Walmart
3 very nice "weed" stock Charts today  AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  Apple  FB  TWTR  GS  S  GOOG 
 DIS  VZ… 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (Walmart) Stock Light on Revenue, But Can Explain  Walmart  earnings  stocks 
 WFM Looks like Whole Foods' everyday low prices tagline might have been "inspired by"  WalMart's...  Walmart… 
 WFC   Walmart   V  

Stop getting into stocks LATE, get in EARLY! Use this - - 


 WFC   Walmart   V  

Excellent trading tool for finding stocks to trade - 


 WFC   Walmart   V  

The BEST Tool to Find Stocks To Trade - 


YahooFinance: Falling food prices, warm weather hurt Wal-Mart sales  Walmart  BSAFunds  Merch…
YahooFinance: Falling food prices, warm weather hurt Wal-Mart sales  Walmart 
 WFC   Walmart   V  

Stop getting into stocks LATE, get in AT THE START! Use this - - 


Falling food prices, warm weather hurt Wal-Mart sales  Walmart 
 Walmart Misses On Revenue, Comps; EPS Beats Thanks To Lower Tax Rate; Operating Income Slides  Walmart 
Trump-ChinaChinaChina Drama.  Apple  FXI  F  GM  Walmart
 Walmart Trending Now 11/17/2016! If you follow Walmart See what others are saying!

Go here: ---->  
 BOTJ  PERF  PPS^A  KLAC  VEC  Walmart  NVR

If you want real-time algorithmic trading alerts, check out - 
These photos show how Walmart is crushing Target in one crucial way: groceries  by  hcpeterson via BI  Walmart  retail
