 CashNastyGaming you go to Walmart we go to Walmart
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 BrianCHahn We apologize for the wait when returning your bottles and cans. Thank you for your patience with us. -Red
Played with this for like 15 minutes in walmart 
Walmart cosplayed as Target's Dr. Mario amiibo during  PaxPrime
Naw I fell off n trash asf..heading back to Walmart Tomm 
 alyssa_kate1 I mean even if I wear Walmart make up AT LEAST ITS BLENDED
 melbel2399 there's no age 😂 some gas stations will say 18 but Walmart Walgreens places like that usually don't have an age
dis man havin a heart attack wat do i do  Walmart 
I'm trying to finish my essay and mom's taking 10 years ordering shit off Walmart -.-
Walmart is steady playing bangers🎶
 Alcadeias1 they banned for from PSN and Twitch for playing the Last of Us remastered early. I got it at a Walmart before release. Cont....
 _dyelexxyia better go get you some nausea and vomiting pills from Walmart I had to get some I was sick for like a month and a half
Anyone want to go to Walmart for me?
Redbox DVD return, recycling, and items. (  Walmart Neighborhood Market) on  Yelp 
What's up with these cyber Monday iPad deals  Walmart ?
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Morrisville, NC 
 WalmartNewsroom  Walmart  Respect to the producers of your series of holiday commercials. Great music. Cultural diversity totally on point.
This straight couple are sitting behind me and the girl is talking about how she broke up with her ex bf in a walmart on valentines day ctfu
A few months until I get my license and drive to your local Walmart 😜 
 grapejiuce and they both look like walmart great value versions of the true king, rick sanchez
Redbox DVD return, recycling, and items. (at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Fruit Cove, FL) 
Why the hell does this pillow at Walmart look like my dad's dog? 
Just finished my application for walmart — feeling proud
Peppa Pig Peppa's Deluxe House Play Set With 3 Figures Just  24.49, Down From  40 At Walmart!… 
I think the  300 toy carriage from Walmart is a waste of money lol
I need to go to walmart
 _e3uph0riaa you should it works really good honestly, they even have body wash. You could find it at target I'm not sure about Walmart
I need to go to Walmart to get some things but I don't want to leave bc I know someone will take my good parking spot
15 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart 
 YSL_HENDRIX That's that Walmart shit. I gotta cuss you out tonight too. Give me like 15-minutes.
I hate coming to Walmart
At Walmart:  EnviroCare - Save  1.00   onlinecoupons  printablecoupons  save.ca  save.ca  walmart - 
 iirajj We'd like to know more. Can you please share this at as well? -Red
 ezraklein He won, get over it. Go to WalMart and buy the PHD equivalent of the journalistic degree you got from KMart
Hey girl, let's go on a date to the Walmart garden center.
Walmart 
I lost my mom at Walmart today... I think she was ignoring my phone calls to
 prettygirlmussy Belmere Luxury Apartments right behind the Walmart Pecka work at
I don't like walmart either, but sumtimes u gotta dance w/ the devil. They are fast, cheap & easy.
especially in the walmart/chick fil a area 
Seattle hired some overnight stockers from Walmart as there offensive line
 jelani9  OldeHippi  realDonaldTrump what it's not true.   Voter ID.  Makes no sense you need an ID to use a credit card at Walmart.
 Valentine  Gift 1993 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake  TeddyBear 24" Pajama/Bunny Slippers RARE 
If I hear that WalMart Freak Out commercial one more time I will literally do just that😳
2016 Shop with a Cop Program. Special Thanks to Reno's Pizzeria, Walmart Gardner - Timpany Blvd, Narragansett... 
My friend is going on a crazy search for a dining set in my price range that isn't from Walmart.
I found Spice World at Walmart today... I couldn't help myself 😂  LaceyStorie  BackyardConcerts  throwback
 thereal_jennyb Happy you were able to find what you needed with us! -Red
 inmermaidwaters I was work8ng at the Walmart store as a second job. But I transferred to the distribution later on.
Dear cute blonde walking through Walmart with a bike, we made eye contact and I need ya digits.😍
I liked a  YouTube video from  lance210 I GOT KICKED OUT OF WALMART....
Walked into Walmart to get lightbulbs.

Walked out with lightbulbs, a floor lamp and a pair of comfortable pajama b… 
Chanel Vs. Walmart 
Learn More About Digestive Health Products At Walmart  TameTummyTrouble  ad  walmart  FeelBetterFromTopToBottom
Free grocery pick up at Walmart! Who knew! Order online and set up a pick up time and you don't even have to get... 
Star Wars Black Series 6″ Scarif Stormtrooper Walmart Exclusive x 2 MIB/MIP 
Back for more. (at  Walmart in San Diego, CA) 
How dare the mosquitos bite me through my  5 Walmart leggings
ABSURD
VTech Touch and Learn Musical Bee Just  10.88, Down From  20 At Walmart! 
So apparently you can't walk around Walmart singing the Macarena while eating ice cream. Who knew?
 MurphySalamnk  Amazing_Maps I don't think Walmart offers health insurance to workers.
Stevie Ray Vaughan - Pride and Joy [Rock] covered with a toy guitar in walmart in 3am  music  dj  app
WALMART  nooramaIie
If you live in  Newburgh  Indiana check out  new  walmart curbside pickup. Click the video link!… 
 seanspellman701 Sorry about that! Can you please share this with our team at so we can assist you? -Red
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Lake Charles, LA 
Walmart Veteran Greeter FORCED To Remove Cap, Muslim Allowed To Wear Hijab 
Can DJ Hayden stop this charade as an NFL player and get back to where he should be working...stocking shelves at Walmart?!?  My goodness...
Walking into  Walmart and I overhear someone behind me say "it's ya boy slim" and I'm pretty sure it was in reference to me & my hair 😂😂😂
Polished up my cat herding skills by taking my 6 year old and my legally blind mother to Walmart.
 t_barton17  Walmart multiple? How about hundreds of items.
 cleavage there was a 139 ds at walmart an best buy an ebgames ! it might still b there
 srj68 I found them at Walmart. Here's the product number. I also have three extra I could give you, if you want th… 
 Walmart 🗣🗣🗣 YOU NEED MORE CASHIERS 🗣🗣🗣
Enter here to win a  100 Walmart gift card from  WaterWipesUSA  contest  WaterWipesWalmart
 WaterWipesWalmart are available in  Walmart retailers nationwide!  contest Look for your closest retailer here: 
Follow  WaterWipesUSA, the world's purest baby wipe, for info on chemical free wipes!  WaterWipesWalmart  contest 
We went to Walmart for Black Friday — and it was nothing like we expected  TeamWalmart via  BI_RetailNews
 inmermaidwaters I work at Walmart distribution in Hermiston Oregon. The pay is great and the work is not all bad.
 Walmart with a 4 of my boys 
 TheBigLinda We wanted to make sure your feedback got heard. Please feel free to call our Fresh Food Hotline at 888-658-6325 as well. -Red
 ftad2527 Walmart.. you're missing out if you don't get you a pair
 SamSouthpaw 95% of the time xD? Unless its why toilet paper went flying over walmart shelves
The cheaper ones weren't even listed on their site. Couldn't find them on Amazon, either.  
clomid for sale at walmart & clomid generic & clomid success rate 
 ShibaInarritu I did this morning. All I'm going to say now is go vandalize a Walmart. Don't hurt small businesses.
Enter for a chance to WIN a  50  Walmart e-gift card!  SweepsEntry  NatureMadeAtWalmart (No Purchase Necessary)
Grab  NatureMadeAtWalmart vitamins and supplements! Enter for a chance to win:  SweepsEntry (No Purchase Necessary)
Just entered to win a  50  Walmart gift card thanks to  NatureMadeAtWalmart. Here's how:  SweepsEntry 
 ao_lordtheta  RealMuckmaker  CraigCo62  AddInfoOrg Walmart.
Just spent  300 at Walmart. I hate being a grown-up.
i actually screamed so loud at walmart when i saw this how embarrassing 
Hey  Walmart I hate you.
 MatPatGT got one too  Walmart near frozen foods 
I liked a  YouTube video from  trendcrave Top 10 CRAZIEST PEOPLE At WALMART! (Weird, Funny & Psycho People At
Just saw a commercial like "Alexa, order more triple A batteries." Who tf is ordering triple A batteries? You can't take ur ass to Walmart?
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25  Walmart GC from  BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
walmart is full of weird and crazy people
 Stevenwhirsch99 
Walmart has it on the sale signs! Merry Christmas
I'm at Walmart Neighborhood Market in Flower Mound, TX 
Highlight of my week: going to Walmart without kids so I could grocery shop in peace.
 ChyanneMoorehea if i had a car i would come get you and take you to walmart 😘
Part time Certified Pharmacy Technician - Walmart Pharmacy - Dallas, TX Job Dallas
Walmart using IBM’s  blockchain technology to track food supplies and trace any contamination.  futurist 
Going to Walmart makes me want to kms
 Karrie305kp We apologize for the wait in line, and appreciate your patience with us. We're glad you got your item! -Red
 thecivilcomment That's why I only buy eggs and crystal meth at Walmart.
 thickred3x lol mannn that nigga look speech less wen u walk up was that a real employee at Walmart
Forever running into Eli at Walmart 😂👍🏽
You know that vine where the little girl yells my poop is coming? That's me in walmart rn
Yaay guess who just got her third job at walmart🙃🙃
I hate walking into Walmart alone.
 garthbrooks just got this!! Super excited!!!  Walmart 
10 Extremely Odd Images Spotted At Walmart 
 Slay_Basedd i think TechDecks are making a comeback. we got em at walmart now!
All is Well: Songs for Christmas [WalMart Exclusive] [EP] by Clay Aiken ( CD,...  Singer… 
Literally walking around Walmart cuz I don't feel like going home.
Aloe absent from aloe vera products at CVS, Walmart, Target, report says 
I just entered to  win a  100 Walmart Gift Card. Have you entered?  free  sweeps 
 Walmart I placed an order for a tv and then a few hours later it was cancelled without warning.Not honoring=bad customer service  targetfan
I feel like such an adult smh. I actually had to get a cart when I walked into Walmart..
But didn't I just see you in Walmart..... 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <lV38> 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <w`VC> 
I just entered to win a  165 Walmart gift card! You can enter here:
 UpperDeckHockey  UpperDeckSports  Walmart went to Walmart bought a box of series 1 and scored this beauty 
Walmart Legend 
If you're buying your coffee at Walmart, you're doing it wrong. 
 ihatekylo SAME LMAO i only ever buy them on sale. i'll buy shitty walmart candles if i care that much
 PokemonGoApp that  Walmart gots everything I snagged the rare Ditto near the frozen foods  Pokemon 
Walmart run 😑
Went to Walmart and came back to Cam and the Panthers doing WERK! Whoa.
 _saldistefano Thanks for letting us know. Please tell us more at so we can work to help you. -Red
 devilonthebed I was also thinking "way to assert your moral superiority at the Walmart fast lane 😂 we all are trash here dear lol"
 Rauviel MY SISTER SPOILED TO ME CASUALLY I WAS SO ANGRY WE WERE IN WALMART I WAS LIKE WTF GIRL LIKE 
LET ME ENJOY THE GAME AT MY PACE
 StacksArzola what happened at Walmart? Huh who was on the ground all scared lol
 Walmart no I've just been using Google Chrome. I'll try Safari next time they're in stock to see what happens
The more you know. 
if we're getting another izmk event in the next loop catch me screaming in the fruit isle of your local walmart
I lost 20  in Walmart, a bird shit on my car, and one of my headlights burnt out. Happy Sunday
 lindsey_tucker4 wants me to bring something ? I have to go to Walmart anyway
all i asked for was the  walmart corporate number and they give me the cold shoulder and say they cant give it to me? thats bad business
If you lived at Walmart, what would your favorite Christmas song be?
 sarenaaf i get my lettuce from walmart
 t_barton17  Walmart I'm so pissed
walmart 😂. i get away w so much there. 💀 like playing w lightsabers & ish. 
the ppl that hangs out infront of Walmart lmao 
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you. Here’s  10 to try it! 
 Jonathan_C1993  soooo just because somethings bought at Walmart/& or not given to you bc one of you is Greek means it's not exclusive ?
So when we taking our Walmart shoot 🤔📸😍  SpoiledAssMK 
Nintendo Mini's are still  sitting at alot of Walmart's across the country. One state alone has 192 of them lol. People there have no idea.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Friendswood, TX 
Bc when you're at  walmart  😂  😜 lol ... 📷 by  lipstickcoco   Walmart Eastlake 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART 
so upset with  Walmart today... i have issues with policy and they give me the 3rd degree like im the one being questioned. im the customer
There is always Walmart. 
I've been to Walmart at least 20 different times in the last three days
When you live on the east coast, you see shit you'd never see in Cali at a Walmart 
fuck  Walmart y'all got some slow ass people.
WALMART Black Friday ads are here!!!! 
 gabbyyhoward  Target shoulda went to  Walmart
 Walmart You canceled my Black Friday sale from your site due to a "price error" I need to see about getting this resolved.
There is nothing in WalMart worth getting trampled over.  billburr  BlackFriday  WalMart
 Walmart Thanks for your response. We just replaced them.
Just splurged at Walmart w an OG
❤💚 Entertainment  Buzz 【LAST ONE】Kelly Clarkson Wrapped In Red Walmart Exclusive  CD+ DVD New Sealed… 
I bought some joggers from walmart with a large size hanger. I came home to find they were size small.... fuck.
People being paid to be greeters at Walmart really makes me question my whether my education is worth it or not
 lexiiee_g like I would expect this type of behavior at Walmart, but not wegmans wtf
 imthatgirlfriend who pulls you closer than you already are when you ask a Walmart employee (that's a girl) where the batteries are.
Wow just got ID'd to buy some movies at Walmart LOL
Saw: The Complete Movie Collection on Blu-ray for  10 + pickup at Walmart  Coupons

Read more: 
Does any of my walmart buddies   5197 know when Santa's going to be there?! Thanks in advance
Walmart wild 😂😂 
this dude always comes into walmart and he always looks at me like at first I thought I was being paranoid but today was the first time
 Walmart your great value products disappoint me no offense
Chanel vs walmart 
 hailey_obrien apparently, it's at Target and Walmart.
I liked a  YouTube video from  general_cinema BLACK FRIDAY FIGHT AT WALMART! 2016 GONE WILD! ALMOST DIED!
 PaulFTW87 I found the deal online w/ Macy's. I was told in stream it's also available at Walmart. If you're in the market for pots & pans
Forever leaving Walmart with things I wasn't even going in there for. 😂🤑
 toothrockstar apparently, it's at Target and Walmart.
dammit now we're driving all the way across town to walmart. i better be getting a damn gourmet meal outta this
I fucking hate self check out at Walmart.
 moshmallow_ Walmart/Target
Wow, this person at Walmart really showing off his ass crack like handle yourself properly dude 😂
I almost hit an old lady in the Walmart parking lot today. This is a good enough first tweet.
Why are people vaping inside Walmart
 1_800_OFFMYDICK think eating a salad from Walmart is the key...
I am having such a lazy day the only thing I have done is going and get snow boots from Walmart but after I came home and went strait to bed
I'm out at Walmart and I just got hit on in the checkout lane. 😂😂
Cyber Monday 2016: Walmart, Target, Toys R Us,  shipping  cargo containers  container ship 
I always come to Walmart and spend too much money 😩😩
Went to Walmart and saw the Raiders defense on the shelf. All alone. 
I literally went to Walmart for socks and a candle. 😌🔥
Shocked that  Walmart is actually doing something better than  Target. Walmart's automated online pickup lockers are legit - fast & easy.
Dis nigga ced talking about let him find out I got a Walmart boo 💀💀
following her around walmart taking sneaky photos of everything she wants cause it's santa szn 
 pei_xw LOL i was doing that. then my mom wanted to go to walmart....but i'm back now so imma continue yoi.....then i have twd later........
Hahaha IM DEAD! my sister said my nephew told a guy at Dennys "whats up b*tch" and was runnin thru walmart sayin "oh sh*t"
HE IS TWO!!! 💀😭
Can someone tell me why the Walmart on Hesperian in San Lorenzo got evacuated?  ijustneedtoiletpaper  wedonthavetimeforthis
Video Of A Girl Flashing In Walmart 
IVE BEEN WORKING AT WALMART FOR TWO MONTHS NOW AND MY GIRLFRIEND DIDNT EVEN KNOW WHICH WALMART I WORKED AT.
So... Having worked in stock at Walmart for a week, I think this meme fits me perfectly.. 
I just lost my pants, can I get into yours? — Have you tried Walmart.? 
nothing like a good ole walmart run with the parents🙃
Carlene found me in the jewelry section at Walmart and ran and hugged me and I was so happy to see her and I missed her so much💓💓💓
It's. nice the know that this is ok with the Clearfield, PA Walmart to allow a cake like this to leave their bakery… 
Walmart
 WhatTheFFacts Was that for sale at the Walmart pharmacy?
Walmart packed af rn
Cedar Summit Castlewood Wooden Play Set -  799.00: Walmart offers Cedar Summit Castlewood Wooden Play Set for… 
advair dosage & advair coupon 75 off & advair hfa & buy advair & cost of advair at walmart 
Sceptre U405CV-U 40″ 4K Ultra HD LED TV -  199.00: Walmart offers Sceptre U405CV-U 40" 4K Ultra HD LED TV for… 
Walmart has its dick out for harambe, do you? 
Today was a good day, I saw this mean ugly girl that used to bully me working at Walmart with tacky acrylics...hope she's doing good tho 🐸☕️
 sale Cedar Summit Castlewood Wooden Play Set -  799.00: Walmart offers Cedar Summit Castlewood Wooden Play Set for… 
Walmart has secret FEMA CAMP Bunkers! It's happening!!! - August 2016 via  YouTube
 JoshConner23 Oh no! Is there something that we can do to make your experience with us better? -Red
"Walmart got them cone condoms" ~  TaylorCox24
We just went to Walmart and of the 7 groceries I bought 4 of them were some type of cheese bread is that ok
Dont go to walmart on 30 and samuell shootings going on
 maegasaurusrex ; I've never put off going to Walmart so much in my life
 Walmart all over you site it says stores cash checks yet my store said they didn't? When I called I'm really upset and confused
 Jonathan_C1993 it's a  30 ring from Walmart that girls wear when they are in love and gonna get married after 4 months of being together.
Soo excited for brax to get up so we can go to Walmart so we can put up his kickey tree 😁😁
 kimmyleet Walmart!
nothing is more awkward than running into mrs. benner in walmart while practicing my audition monologue
my drunk ass is trying to shop at walmart i dont evem know what i NEED
 CocoBonkers OH MY GOD BUT WHY DID YOU BUY HIS OVER PRICED WALMART SHIRTS?
 Walmart Save money and live better (This was not sponsored by Walmart) 
Im not difficult to spoil, i enjoy thriftshopping, face masks, and walmart makeup, cmon ppl
Chillin' with my homeboy Pumba at Walmart. 
Found 20  in walmart:D
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart 
I'm gonna need  BestBuy,  Target,  Walmart, etc to have a great Cyber Monday deal on an Apple Watch ⌚️👀
Hows your day going.   Walmart Hialeah - 5851 NW 177th St 
While we out here spending 100-500+ on some jeans my man's that owns the shell on 9th out here grabbin them  10 joints from Walmart
Kauai Kookie's MINI Mint chocolate, Guava Mac, Macadamia shortbread cookies found at Walmart. 
 russ_springer Our apologies. We'd like to know more about what happened. Can you please tell us? -Red
 MalleableWhim "No its not too late. It's only seven at night. Walmart is open" He says as he comes into the living room, "I could always -
 LimeyRat  TDBank_US  Walmart I heard  Starbucks has more money on gift cards than the liquidity of most banks...
 MattWalshBlog Dude. Shop at Aldi. I pay half of what I'd pay at Walmart or any other chain. I think they're going all organic in Jan too.
When you go to Walmart n got 5white girls n 3black girls trying to talk you😂😂😂
If you lived at Walmart, what would your favorite Christmas song be? via /r/Jokes 
My car really just fucking ran out of gas at Walmart
Still need to go to Walmart 😂
Y'all already know I'm a huge fan of Walmart. 
Walmart Mattress Expands in Seconds! Full Size Bed Instantly 
 blues_apple I really don't, I work in the meat department at Walmart, hard work
I just checked in at Walmart Express with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
how washed up would I be if randomly browsing on walmart leads me to purchasing a profressional deep fryer
 Delako so that is a walmart spark on a rainbow - you work for Walmart?
saw  yesiamkayley in Walmart and she acted like she wanted to disown me as a friend but it's okay bc I know she loves me:))))
 leal04_daniel Thanks for asking! We're constantly updating our inventory, so please check back later. -Red
Clerical Jobs -  G_Quality Assurance Associate B1 - Walmart - New Caney, TX 
 Walmart  AmazonHelp any chance of nes classics for cyber Monday?  nintendo  nesclassic
9 boxes of lights, 5 trips to Walmart, and one Olaf all make for a Christmas house that even the Griswold's envy. 
Ok new plan someone come pick me up and take me to Walmart 😂
in walmart bouta pick a milf up 
Which Walmart... so I can make excuses on why I need to go to Walmart 
Bikes starting at  40!!
>> 
I liked a  YouTube video from  moviesnowclub Black Friday Walmart Fight 2016: Walmart shoppers fight over
Karo's Classic Pecan Pie baking kit found at Walmart. 
Win a  250 Walmart Gift Card 
. Walmart: Nobody should lose their job because they're too sick to work. Adopt a healthy sick leave policy now! 
Walmart's Blueprint 2.0 Grooming Lounge at Thurgood Marshall's College Fund - 16th Annual… 
 PCULL44444 Dude CVS or Walgreens, Walmart you can get syphillis from the toilets
Shoutout to the couple taking turns holding their puppy golden retriever in Walmart
Alright this is pretty disgusting  Walmart  consumerism 
 THOROBRED_pMb  JonesResidence Walmart parking lot got the alleged plug
I liked a  YouTube video from  couponwithtoni Walmart Deals 11/27/16 | Diapers Included | Searching Deals For
. 100% gas   Murphy Sta/Walmart 19th St MOORE is reduced to .999/gal. Lots of food mark downs inside. The election isn't over, ppl scared!
Ima sue Walmart these hoes gmfu ❗️
 SpazP and yes I am a Walmart shopper but I clean the handles. They didn't have any one day & I know that's the germ that got me
Walmart Black Friday is pretty much like this. 
 65Font We understand your frustration. We are constantly updating our inventory, so please check back at a later time. -Red
M&M semi sweet dark chocolate baking bits found at Walmart. 
Why Would Walmart Everrr Take All That Money Out My Check😩,
me: boycott businesses that outsource! 
also me: spends  90 every time i go to walmart
I saw this girl in Walmart working and she thought I was trying to holla but i was really trying to see y her shoes were leaning fat ass hoe
I deleted my FB acct & DD saw that someone created a fake FB acct w/my name/profile pic a yr ago.I'm a cashier at Walmart in Delaware.  GoMe
A brief summary from some of the analytic reports we provided Walmart for their Blueprint 2.0… 
 joej2020usa  Brian_Was_Here_  LockheedMartin  DARPA  wikileaks  NATO trash cans Lockheed/Darpa are biggest clients w/ Walmart. EMP deaths
Da fuq happening at Walmart SLZ?! Getting caught in traffic leaving Walmart after it's been evacuated...that was fun
Krispie Kreme Doughnut cake mix with original doughnut glaze found at Walmart. 
 SpazP I know some Walmart goober gave it to me!!!
 aliibabayy I just got mine at walmart!!!
Watching the bids pile up on Ebay for the Hatchimal I copped this weekend at Walmart.
This game is perfect for families!

Kmart: Pie Face  9.38 After SYW Points ( 12.98 at Walmart) 


 Strategy  Director, PepsiCo Walmart Inc. at  PepsiCo in  RogersArkansas  job 
My mom want me to run to Walmart to get her a Patti pie 😭
 SAVECA maxi , Walmart
 techdeals Battlefield 1 for PS4 or Xbox One for  27 + pickup at Walmart 
 DieplsOwO  CannedKedgeree asda's owned by walmart
👀😈 you're nasty bro I look forward to seeing you in Walmart next time I'm there 😂
I liked a  YouTube video from  tubey_toys Disney Tsum Tsum Color POP Blind Bags Walmart Exclusive! Collection
Kauai Kookie's Original Kookie and Taro Toast Party mix found at Walmart. 
 Chrisv306  Walmart Captcha can't stop bots.
done ranting. 
going to walmart to get materials for my voodoo mask.
Sunday evening Walmart run 💃🏾
 Chrisv306 Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 Walmart I had Nintendo NES Classic in my shopping cart 1 nite at 5pm (ET) & it disappeared. Damn 'bots'  Then they re-sell at huge profit!
Win a  165 Walmart Gift Card 
So i couldn't find my mom for like 10 minuets at Walmart today. And I've never been more scared in my life😅😅😧
So I was in Walmart and I quickly see the customer service and I see this guy and I scream  arioarmanie 💀 ily ario… 
VTech Touch and Learn Musical Bee Just  10.88, Down From  20 At Walmart! via Dian's Daily Deals - ... 
Peppa Pig Peppa's Deluxe House Play Set With 3 Figures Just  24.49, Down From  40 At Walmart! via ... 
Sneaking around Walmart around closing time
saw the cutest guy at Walmart just now and he kept staring at me I'm hyperventilating
Herman was late because he had to go to Walmart to get that burnt orange tie
 isolt81 We appreciate your feedback. We are working on re-stocking this popular item as soon as we can. -Red
 amyblevins_ my little brother flipped off a lady in the Walmart parking lot for cutting me off. Was it you 👀😂
Dear people of Walmart. You are trash. Why would you open the pack of rotisserie chicken then put it back? Nasty fucks
I'm at  Walmart in Pearl City, HI 
 Cards 2016  Topps walmart holiday metalic snowflakes elvis andrus  hmw92  Texas  Rangers 
Mississippi Black Friday Shoppers Scramble for Deals at Walmart 
Arron complains when I don't take him to Walmart. My cart tells me why I don't. 
I liked a  YouTube video from  jenbz11 Louis CK on Walmart
Christmas Tree Foraged..... at Walmart, because we are super fancy. 
Walmart Ad Price Match Highlights: 11/27 CVS Ad 
Off to Walmart
Kauai Kookie's Guava Macadamia Butter Shortbread cookies found at Walmart. 
How to quiet down a Walmart 
 Wreck_City Sorry you weren't able to find the new Metallica album. Which store were you shopping in? We'd like to help! -Red
So. Are you having someone look into this or are you intentionally ignoring me now?  Walmart
Got this at Walmart on Thursday 
Feral cat hunting with a WalMart crossbow  HowISurviveWinter
Peppa Pig Peppa's Deluxe House Play Set With 3 Figures Just  24.49, Down From  40 At Walmart! 
Savage  walmart lol 
guys this is actually  britneyslee she once dropped to the floor because we saw a bird in Walmart no joke. 
Walmart. 
My kids were happy to help stuff the bus with toys today  ttc  stuffthebus  walmart 
 shadybrady4 We'd like to find out what's going on, Caleb. Can you tell us more about your recent CS experience? -June
I just spent  300 dollars at Walmart... and I still have cyber Monday on my shopping to do list😐 my bank account hurt
I really dnt want too go to Walmart 💀I spend way more then I expect
Well Walmart
Tiger saw me in Walmart & yelled " I'm staying with yall ! Davion said I'm brother number 2 " 😭 them boys finna b hell 💕🤔💕
Since getting back from break I've gotten caught in the rain and had a philosophical disagreement with a Walmart Greeter 🙃
It seems that there is a shooting at a Walmart every Black Friday... via  telegraphnews
just saw someone smoking weed in the Walmart parking lot with a trump pence bumper sticker 🤔 good god what is this world coming to 🤔
Every time I go to Walmart I feel like my credit score goes down 12 points.
Guess I had to go to Walmart anyway😂
Went in Walmart for 3 things. Came out 33 dollars broker 😭
Holiday alert: these Union suits. Downside: they are at WalMart. 
F R E E  ===>  10....
Such a lifesaver… Order fresh groceries online, and Walmart will load your car for you.... 
A woman was caught in a Walmart after she spent over six hours building a meth lab.
You can always tell when someone got that Walmart fit
 Walmart The only ones able to buy the Nintendo NES Classic Console online seem to be the 'bots'  Set up a CAPTCHA to level the field!
 Irlutenatenjou every time i enter walmart i leave having almost started a fist fight
 Rakesh_TeamLH44 Oh no! That's not good. Pls have ur friend come back to the store with the original packaging & we'll be happy to help! -KM
 HeyHalesB except one is kinda exclusive and one can be bought at Walmart
 FatKidDeals 🙃 got it for  249
gotta go to walmart 🙄
Have a good night. Anyone w a cheap laptop DM.me. Was ripped off :(  LIVE_COVERAGE  ASUS  barrettric  CharlieWGME… 
Getting a flu shot at walmart and I'm like kind of worried I might get aids
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <^DAt> 
Met this cutie at Walmart😘😂😂  WesleeBullock 
Walmart Vlog 1 
Catch me in  Walmart buying the strangest combinations of items.
do walmart stay got gfs
🗣I HATE WALMART
 Ahmadou__  GnarcoticCaleb they just sell third party on walmart website.
soooo were leaving Walmart & my mom is backing out of the spot & this dumbass bitch is in the middle of the lane tryin to take her spot
I Mailed Myself in a Box to WALMART and IT WORKED! (ALMOST GOT CAUGHT BY EMPLOYEE):
I'm feeling a little awkward being the only bitch in this Walmart not wearing filthy pajama pants
AskPlayStation My PS4's HDMI port is broken im wondering if my PS4 has any warranty on it, purchased at a walmart
So glad there's no chocolate turtles at Walmart 😊😊😊😊😊
WIN! Free  100 Walmart Gift Cards -750 Available!  1000 Gift Card Grand Prizes! 

click here ~>... 
Walmart is having a sale on Christmas presents for Butch Jones.  gameoflife 
 Win  50 your way!! GC? Target? Walmart? iTunes? Best Buy? Pay Pal? Single Blog  Giveaway!! 11/30/16 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <;mWQ> 
 Walmart yeah your welcome
Add to that 'Lizard people' 'One world order' 'Walmart internment camps linked by tunnels dug by the Chinese' HAHAH… 
Ugly ass man just pissed me off in Walmart.
Can you return an Xbox One to Walmart if you bought it 3 days ago and opened/used it?
I hate when my parents send me into Walmart because they don't want to leave the house. Like yall neither do I
Peppa Pig Peppa’s Deluxe House Play Set With 3 Figures Just  24.49, Down From  40 At Walmart!  Walmart  _Peppa_Pig_
 Andrew_WOL  brimylove she's craving fried chicken from walmart  I can't with her lol.
Battleship (DS)  [ Save 89% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers  Shopping 
When his location says he at Walmart but you gotta pull up to see if his ass actually there 
 jamiegibbsx Thanks for letting us know. Can you please reach out to our team at so we can help you? -Red
Free  10 to shop at Walmart (R E A L  -  D E A L)... 
 Walmart not happy with your online ordering today! If upromise to have my order ready by 1:22 and when I check at 630
It's still processing
Why Wal-Mart Needs to Tread Carefully in the U.S. E-Commerce Market - 
Leave it to me to lock my keys in my car at a random Walmart half way between Mansfield and Denton
 Walmart can I return this to your store where I got it from? It was opened but never used
 AskPlayStation My PS4's HDMI port is broken im wondering if my PS4 has any warranty on it, purchased at a walmart
 jaidaaj_ I'm going to get one of those cameras from Walmart
 Walmart I bought a tv as a gift for a friend. He opened it and didn't like it cause of the motion rate & didn't have the apps he uses
Happy Black Friday am I right?  Walmart  seachel22
 Walmart All my Christmas Lights purchased from  Walmart last year won't work.Not even 2 uses from them. I guess no decorations this year.
clickaway: Walmart Cyber Monday Deals 
 off____coast ¿walmart?
 hakondevries  jtcougars8  Amazing_Maps ... insert "Walmart humans" 
 kingfineese Walmart
Greensburg Walmart needs to get their shit together. Uggh
 ReTweet  Specials  Level Mount by Elexa DC37DJ Full Motion Dual Arm 
4. Francine Briggs
-hair matches the nickelodeon logo
-yells for fun
-clearly shops in the men's clothing section a… 
Frm walmart 
Well Walmart we meet again  Shay_xoxo7
Enter to win A  165 Walmart Gift Card! from  SweepWidget
When you stop to take a potty break at Walmart but they're cleaning both the front and back bathroom 
 JaeRichards this feels better than my when my dad came back from Walmart 
Either they can give me my days off or type up them termination papers because either way I'm GOING HOME FOR NEW YEARS fuck Walmart tf
This guy really set up himself up in this Walmart and started using his laptop akdjdjsjjsdjsj 
Going to Walmart now to go Get a PS4 and MWR/IWF DM me and tweet me if you want to grind tonight guys..!
In WALMART FOR A HOUR IM SICK AZ HELL THEY FUCKEN ORDERS UP ONLINE SMH 
You know it's bad when Walmart has to use a stupid trend for advertisement.  pleasestop 
 Walmart there's really nothing i want to buy from your store now that my order was cancelled
 Nintendo  Game  Reddit  Livebroadcasting Local Walmart put these out, not available to buy yet :( r/nintendo 
 kokomojomo So glad you had a great experience in our Nixa store! Thanks for shopping with us. -Red
omh why is everyone at walmart
I'm at Walmart with my mom and I look like a bagel
If any of you put there are looking to get me anything for my birthday/Christmas, go to Walmart, anything deadpool 👍🏼❤️ (BDay December 1st😉)
I liked a  YouTube video Black Friday Walmart People Fights. These people are crazy ; Black Friday Walmart
Great results from  GilletteVenus Swirl Razor  ChooseYourSmooth  Walmart   ad  SheSpeaksUp 
I liked a  YouTube video from  therealrtu Please, PLEASE DO NOT BUY AN NES Classic From Walmart For  500!
*singing thru walmart* 
 1218_lexi : "people are staring at you"
me: *screaming* "STARE AT ME" sum guy: "youre allowed to be happy" 😂😭😂
LOVE HAVING RANDOM ANXIETY ATTACKS IN WALMART WHEN IM BY MYSELF
When you're out of town & your partner is broke so you order your poster board through Walmart so she pan pick it up 😂  ScienceFair
Note to self: DO NOT go to Walmart while you are in pain. You will want to run people over with your cart, on accident....  iHatePeople
 Walmart the only reason I chose to get a gift car for your store through  ChoiceHotels was so I could buy the couch with the  50 giftcard
😂😂😂😂 walmart being petty 
w/e i'm gonna return it tomorrow i don't feel like going all the way back to walmart
 SpinMaster will you be sending out any more Burtles (the Walmart Exclusive) before Christmas?  Walmart  SanDiego
 Fred_Hansard56 good luck at Penn St, try the BBQ across from Walmart in State College, great Baked Beans!!
Soooooooo many good looking females at Walmart right now.
When  AlexaFelix16 runs from border patrol at Walmart 😂
Apple iPhone 7 Cyber Monday Deals and Sales  CyberMonday 
Who goes to Walmart to use their wifi 
 walmart took  blackfriday to another level!  blackchristmastree  firesale 
Bruh Walmart sells race parts 💀 trickflow heads, arp studs, nitrous express kits, slicks etc... 😂😂
 CNN If you purchased a Walmart computer for a Christmas Gift the return date is 15 days, After Christmas it's yours. Duplicate Gifts Hurt.
All Walmart associates got smart mouth 
Walmart's return policy for games is awful.
 BrittaniS126 try Walmart too!
 realxxteamtdmx1 Sure! We're always  HappyToHelp -June
 brianarjordan let me see if I have to go to Walmart for mom. I'm just no leaving vancleave
Everytime I visit you, you want my money! Lol😜 (at  Walmart Supercenter in Paducah, KY) 
 Lauren_Alaina My sister and I literally count how many people we see wearing camo when we go to Walmart.  It's got up into the 20s before.
I really want to go to my neighborhood walmart and buy a cookies and cream hersheys and some cereal
Walmart's ugly uniform 🙄 
In the mood to throw a watermelon across Walmart
Peppa Pig Peppa's Deluxe House Play Set With 3 Figures Just  24.49, Down From  40 At Walma… 
S/O to whoever took the safety cap off of the antifreeze at Walmart. 1 1/2 gallons later it is everywhere.
 Tralfaz1 Again, we're sorry to hear about what happened. Please leave your feedback at the link we gave you as well. -Red
I liked a  YouTube video Toilet Paper Fort (GONE SEXUAL) 24 hour walmart challenge - SEX PRANK - FUNNY VIDEOS
 ReTweet  Specials  South Shore Summertime 1 Drawer Nightstand White 
This Week's Unadvertised Walmart Deals! 
honestly i wanna work at walmart
I entered to WIN a  25 Walmart gift card via  hmschooldisney  Giveaway 
Walmart Veteran Greeter FORCED To Remove Cap, Muslim Allowed To Wear Hijab via  Fresh News
i just walked into walmart and told the greeter good morning. it's been a long week.
I never feel bad looking terrible when I go to Walmart because I know there is always going to be someone way worse 💁🏼
So apparently  Walmart can cancel orders from their website if they find out the price was wrong How was this mistake made on multiple items
FreeEnterprise: .FedEx, Walmart LockheedMartin are among our  Citizens2016 award winners … 
 mikray5 let's start with a baby step and stop shopping at Walmart
This is last time getting an oil change at  walmart. RIDICULOUSLY SLOW! 3hrs wait for 2 cars ahead of me? I've see corpses move faster!!
Lost mine in Walmart Bout 2 weeks ago 😅 
god bless these new bed sheets from Walmart 😂
Chanel VS Walmart 
Spontaneous Walmart trip because Chelsey wanted Ramen
 ThirdSergio closest Walmart to me is ~40 minutes out and they usually have a pretty shit selection so I'm not sure if it's worth the risk 🤔
 TurtleThumper Feel free to let an Associate know about this lonely, yet super protected item, Matt. -June
Sorry, not sorry Walmart 😏 
 Walmart I got to the unhelpful rep via that form. Order  5981684-381606. Got a backorder notice about an hour ago (after talking to rep).
"Sit your cone head looking ass down" -mother at Walmart to her lil infant
Hamilton Beach 2-Liter Professional Deep Fryer  23.96 (Cyber Monday)   Walmart via  frugalbuzz
Hate this place (at  Walmart Supercenter in Mount Dora, FL w/  wildflower930) 
Daisy the kind white deer from Walmart,
Man Walmart is poppin!!
My pussi is poppin
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <:lLP> 
 Retweet  Specials  3 Piece Duffel Set Green 
Berry you should be love /hating in Walmart
What people do to get followers on twitter I just saw this in Walmart 
 AmbitiousAmaris not even Walmart lol the Damm beauty supply store
 Retweet  Specials  Goodyear Eagle RS A Tire 245/45R20 
If you think Walmart is better than target...you were raised wrong
Walmart’s Cyber Monday sale kicks off right now – here are Sunday’s best deals via  YahooTech
how the fuck does Walmart get rid of their BOOK SECTION????
. FedEx,  Walmart  LockheedMartin are among our  Citizens2016 award winners  business 
So my mom deleted her facebook and we found out somebody made a fake account & is trying to be her
My mom: "I'm a l… 
Your room is basically walmart 
Drunk David is at Walmart high giving every child he sees 😐 thanks to  nguyenanna__
A woman just came in here and asked if we had Christmas trees for sale, do we look like a fucking Walmart or Home Depot?  stupidbitch
 vidya_twitts Unfortunately, the item is currently not available. We are constantly updating our inventory, so please check back later. -Red
"i held a yam at walmart the other day"
 1997SNG  SmokedOutQuille from Walmart LMFAOOOO same shit that popped up in my head
And only one section of my Christmas tree isn't lit up everything else it , stupid Walmart brand
The Pioneer Woman Cowboy Rustic 14-Piece Cutlery Set  39 (Cyber Monday)   Walmart 
 kurnano Walmart introuduced an eBay kind of thing where people are allowed to sell things if they're a business, you just need a business
"Keep in mind this holiday season....YOU, the customer, are our everything. Spending  100 at Walmart or another... 
walmart ecommerce 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <S>^i> 
thought of  ALISHAMARIE when i saw this in walmart the other day😂💟 
I just saw 2 hot chicks in Walmart!!! Very rare!!!
I just checked in  Walmart with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
GoPro Hero Cyber Monday Deals and Sales at Amazon  CyberMonday 
Walmart: Change Valentines Day to April 4, 2017. - Sign the Petition! via  Change
 PRT  Specials  Goodyear Eagle RS A Tire 245/45R20 
*in Walmart after work, still in khaki  pants*
  
Little boy: where are you coming from? Church?

 Me: no quite the… 
WestWorld prediction tonight. Arnold is Delores, Maeve is Ford and The Maze is walmart  NoSpoilers
Enjoy these QUICK cookie  recipes & supplies at Walmart  ad  MomWhoWrites
Just checked  HerWay_ out at Walmart she was astounding 🙃
I remember when there wasn't even a Walmart in Dawson county and now we have a Kroger that sells clothes
chanel vs walmart 
It looks like a Walmart dvd remote in the pic... 
I liked a  YouTube video Black Friday Walmart Is Crazy Many Louisiana 2016
Walmart Been Fucking With Me On The Hours 💰👌🏽
 IntenseDesire most Walmart and Walgreens carry it.
 cristylugo We're sorry you had a negative experience at our Linden store. Were you able to talk to a manager about it? -Red
anyways, being unoriginal and having the exact same   but walmart version is lowkey ridiculous but you do you sweaty 
 Ronaldosmami walmart run later?🤔
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <ya]E> 
Just a little update, Walmart has TONS of ELF gift sets & cheap.
Walmart smell good dab
 Walmart I'm never shopping with you again. Ever.
What kinda piece of shit leaves there toddler at Walmart
Walmart 2016 Cyber Monday Flyer 
 karasz_kun Heres a question, why are you shopping at a walmart?
Y'all I lost my dad in Walmart and I'm the one that drove us here😂😂
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <Fxv\> 
 ReTweet  Specials  Thermos The Rock Beverage Bottle 
Forgot I put a piece of ham in the oven before I went to Walmart 💀 
 beer (at  Walmart Supercenter in Reno, NV) 
Karissa goes "Newks is like the Walmart version of Panera" 😂
The first guy was one thing... The Walmart WORKER, however, that wouldn't leave me alone even after I said NO irritated me.
 ReTweet  Specials  North States Plastic SuperGate III 
I liked a  YouTube video Black Friday 2016 Walmart Crazy Fight
 Walmart struggling this year? Not too crowded. But love their humor  Employees Very Friendly here  I love Walmart… 
Fat fat fat   Walmart Mcallen - E Jackson Ave 
 PRT  Specials  Level Mount by Elexa DC37DJ Full Motion Dual Arm TV Mount 
 dirtgangty_ concentrix Walmart target Sutherland Maximus Xerox Delta Sonic Kohl's
when I thought I couldn't get any stupider for going to Walmart on a Sunday, I found unfrosted blueberry pop tarts and it was all worth it.
Some old guy at Walmart checked me out and then asked what basketball team I play for 🤔🤔🤔
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <nV=:> 
Brandon Marshall or Brandon Swampall?
 Drugheads  nominerals  BlondeBunnyXOXO sleepin on a twin set for Walmart. And wearing yellow makeup. For shame Brooklyn
Love it when I go to Walmart and find one of my favorite movies for  1.96.  Guess I know what I'm watching... 
me and tiffany bout found our first loves , workers at walmart 😂😂
Today I gave a homeless guy standing outside of Walmart holding a sign 10 bucks. Wasn't much, But it was my good deed for the day.
I will never understand Walmart and their registers.
 Evangelos2012  Chris_1791 I hope not. I own a lot of Walmart.
Walmart is CRAZY right now 🙈🙈🙈🙈
 nikkihaley Walmart and Verizon are small businesses...
"I was gonna get the 5 for 27, but me and mom were talking and we were like why 5 for 27 when Walmart has 9 for 11!" I hate my family😂😂😂
 SylarAKADon Cool cool. Calling now to see if the service center is still open. I dont know crap about WalMart man.
My hometown in the US consists of a Target and a Walmart and a mall,btw. Barely anything else.
the people of Walmart got me fucked up
No makeup, hoodie... yeah, I can absolutely see why I've been hit on twice in Walmart. 😑
 _Artieeee Thank you for letting us know. Can you please reach out to us at so we can assist? -Red
 Walmart are they gonna to be of more service than the 1800  
 SeahawkDaddy  cover32_SEA  hawkblogger  SeahawkDaddy 
I'm sorry I'm turning this trash off.Bevel play calling is horrible.Going to Walmart
Walmart is paying Hannah Montana Christmas ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart Pt 6
Walmart OL 
Save big at  Walmart on  Oreo with this deal! >>>  snackandsave... by  BobbisKozyKtchn via  c0nvey
Walmart  CyberMonday -- 
 Walmart This elderly man should be out enjoying his grandkids INSTEAD Stocking shelves in the plant dept  ShameOnY… 
Walked into Walmart w.no make up on&ran into two ex's EX'S,2 girls from hs&3 patients.Happy to say we all looked ratchet together🙈😬 awkward
Old man at Walmart just started a conversation with me by asking how many kids I have 🤔
 Walmart I finally got them.
That doesn't happen at Walmart or target. Be leaving with all kinds of useless shit lol "yes.. I do need hot glue" 
Walmart, you dirty dog 
I will spend more money to shop at target if it involves not sitting in line for 40 minutes like walmart
 jmuelly Sorry to hear about your order! Can you please reach out to our team at so we can help? -Red
Want to win Win a  100 Walmart Gift Card A Giveaway Promote® Giveaway Comp? I just entered to win and you can too. 
You Won't Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
Walmart crazy man😂😂😂 
Still probably  15 for a pair of fuckin socks. Get me some socks from Walmart I'll be good 
Why is Walmart so fuckin ratchet? 😩😂😂💀
Literally never doing a Walmart in-store pick up again. Just talking to them made my IQ drop.
 cdcarroll15 "oh hello I see you are at Walmart..." creep 
Pattimayo was not feeling Walmart employees today
Was in Walmart whilst having a wedgie & I told myself not to pick it bc that's weird...then I remembered I was in Walmart & said fuck it
 Cameron50845779 We completely understand. Have you reached someone yet? If not, please tell us more at -Red
 rebeccasnyder06 us with walmart shoes 😂😂😂 
HOW COME EVERY  Walmart IN TEXAS DOES NOT HAVE A DAK PRESCOTT SHIRT. IM SO ANNOYED.
I have to walk around walmart because I'm not comfortable in my own home anymore 🙂
the boy across from me is prank calling walmart. wow real original.
 Walmart give me my tv for  99.99 this isn't fair. You should honor what I have bought on your website.
 Shipwreck I found one of these for 99 bucks hidden in between some other products at Walmart. It was probably the last one in my city.
True friends ask what your doing then volunteer to come to Walmart with you. You da best  hyperbritt13❤️❤️
"They can suck my left nut" - a guy in front of me at Walmart talking about their prices
So today I went to Walmart and outside of it there was a homeless man who looked remarkably similar to  TheKingNappy
mom keeps starting conversations about seeing you at Walmart 😂🙄🙄😅  morgannmo14
I hate you GP Walmart 
With  Walmart seeing 70% of traffic during  blackfriday is mobile, see  451Research on mobile leaders worth targeti… 
Cheapest Generic Viagra & Viagra Vs Cialis & Viagra Generic Walmart & Best Prices For Viagra 100mg 
All of my beautiful friends who love makeup, BC Walmart has real techniques sponges on the end cap by hair stuff for 4.98 :)
 Walmart my savings catcher account completely disappeared. I lost almost  100 in "savings" I had to register a new acct with same email. ??
To get the 225  50 inch Flatscreen TV   Walmart or not 🤔🤔
my mom fucking left me alone in Walmart WHAT DO
Im so bored with my life i need to do something risky and impulsive to compensate like take acid in walmart or die
Brads wearing pajama pants into Walmart......
I need someone to take me to walmart :/
Walmart Cyber Week & Black Friday Deals  deals
Fuck Walmart.
meet me at walmart in 10 minutes if you want an asskicking
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <U?dk> 
Excuse me  Walmart what did I just find in my grapefruit 
Does every city ever have those Walmart 1  chocolate milks?
 curvee_mermaid We appreciate you sharing. Can you tell us more please at as well? -Red
Hey,  Walmart your Mechanicsville, Va store needs more people. Ridiculous to have ONE cashier working the Christmas section. DUMB.
 artIatte lets go meet me at the nearest walmart parking lot
 Twitter is it possible to take Walmart promoted tweets out of my feed?  I'd be willing to pay.
It annoys me how long "processing" can take from buying online from Walmart... its over a week of "processing" then only a few days to ship.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Tallahassee, FL 
 ToysForGames can't wait till Friday to pick up my  Zelda  amiibo ....... 🍓🍓🍓🍓🍓 Walmart 
Walmart and IBM test  blockchain for custom supply chain tracking 
My mom > 
We have to go to Walmart!!! COME ON HURRY UP WE HAVE TO GO

My momx2 > WOAH LOOK AT THIS STORE AND THIS ONE AND THIS ONE AND THIS.
 BlondeBunnyXOXO  Drugheads  nominerals WHAT LMAO. YOU ARE LITERALLY SLEEPING IN A BED SET FOR WALMART HOE. DONT ACT LIKE YOU HAVE MONEY
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter Liquor Store with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
when you bring your brother into the Walmart you work at and they assume he's your boyfriend 😂😂😳😳😳
 uptownairbender  abysswwalker - PSA: DONT GO TO WALMART ON "black tie optional: formal logic basics"!!
i thought the squeaky pigs in the machine at walmart were dildos
I ain't looking for love on social media this shit entertainment, lol fuck around meet my wife at Walmart buying milk and eggs 🙄😂
 Walmart how is it possible that the hottest thing out right now gets lost during shipping? Walmart employee stole it, or it never shipped.
 robzervos  gyazoApp is that Walmart? It's even more fucked up in the store. Two prices side by side  39  53
Been stuck in the Henderson Walmart for 2 hours... starting to feel like Novalee Nation
Watching Black Friday video, I'll take chances with four legged wild animals in the forest over two legged wild animals in Walmart any day
NIGGAS IN WALMART FIGHTING!!
 TidyTye It will be availabile while supplies last. -Red
Walmart Cyber Monday Bicyle Sale - up to 50% off Schwinn, Huffy, and more 
I hate the big Walmart on the west side😒  toomanymexicans
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Franklin, TN 
Went in for yarn, walked out with leggings, tights, shoes, and jeggings  walmart  everytime
 EducatedVillan  GameDealsCanada is Walmart having a crazy promo for preorders ?
Walmart just got my hopes up so high and then crushed it 😭 
Went to Walmart to get milk and ended up spending  50 😐
 xxkatbb I'd say probably Walmart or Target!
Best Black Friday Deals at Amazon, Costco, Walmart - Kiplinger 
Super cute girl in Walmart. I repeat. Super cute girl in Walmart
When you run into ur dad at Walmart 😒 lmao
Well played  Walmart. 👏🏽😂 
 Valentines  Gifts 1993 WalMART CHRISTMAS Snowflake  TeddyBear 24" Pajama/Bunny Slippers RARE… 
walmart is playing  s.o.s. by the jonas brothers 😅😭
Walmart quickly trying to figure out how to dye maroon shirts back to burnt orange.
 Walmart are you kidding me??? You had to cancel the tv I ordered? What the hell? I demand my tv.
Bread (at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in McKinney, TX w/  dollinda) 
 Walmart I wish your "pick up today" at your local store would work! It's been 24 hours since I placed an order and no email from you so far
Saw: The Complete Movie Collection on Blu-ray for  10 + pickup at Walmart - 
i've been to walmart 4 days in a row
I'm convinced that Amazon and Walmart are in competition to see who can send me the most emails. Geesh
A man in Walmart just dropped a 72 inch TV
Just a casual black man walking around Walmart with a hammer
Walmart for the win 
 LowlifeloCoDot  FatKidDeals  Walmart  LowlifeloCoDot  FatKidDeals  Walmart Same.
 MgniM  HuffingtonPost you work at Walmart don't you
*facebook *twitter *instagram *publix *cvs *walmart *7/11 😂😂😂 
I always buy this for my pups at Walmart great value & they love it there such picky eate... 
Walmart Cyber Monday Deals 2016 Sales Online —  buyingonline,savingonline,ecommerce,onlinedeals,shoppingonline 
Dude in the back looking his kid deep in its eyes trying to keep his marriage intact while at Walmart lol 
Battlefield 1 for PS4 or Xbox One for  27 + pickup at Walmart - 
Disney Princess Royal Dreams Castle Just  61.59 Shipped via Couponing to Disney - Walmart and ... 
 Corynnevictoria i saw that when me and my fiance went to Walmart the other day!! I didn't notice the weed part tho. 😂👌
there is literally 4.00 makeup when u check out at walmart honey... please... 
Good thing I went to Walmart where hygiene doesn't matter.
Christmas Inflatables As Low As  14.97 via My Music City Mommy - Family ...  RetailDeals  walmart 
 ToriiiiBoo I have personally been loving these palettes, I think Walmart carries them? 
 Walmart is  security a real problem for  CornedBeef? 
 187_marc then come back to Walmart
I'm going back to Walmart 
Got a big item from Walmart today & was struggling to carry it. An older couple walked by, put it in their basket, & walked me to my car. ❤️
[10674] Juniors - Pony Farm is on sale for  20.39 (32% off from reg. 29.99) 
My mom has been at Walmart for 5 hours now.. she said "I'm just going to get chips and milk" like are you lost ? I just want my chips 😭
Going 2 Walmart 2 return 60" TV I got on Black Friday. Thanks for shitting the bed ARZ. Went heavy. You got 6 EFF'ING points.  SorryKids
 ThaQoolKidd MY NIGGA! I coulda went to Walmart for a ONE stop shop & copped everything correctly there
In middle school I used to buy nothing but Aeropostale pants and graphic tees from hot topic and Walmart I was a weird kid lol
Thanks to all of our Cedar Rapids Jaycees (and our future Jaycee, R4!) who were able to visit the Marion WalMart... 
TV AD:  …
RADIO AD: MEDIA REVIEW: 
WAL-MART… 
 walmart converted savings catcher to gift  card like I've done in past and it never showed up in balance?
Woke up wasted in a Walmart and found this in my camera roll 
(Not really, just don't like admitting I went to Walm… 
Going to Walmart always makes me feel so much more normal
Hope I get this job at Walmart or lowes 🙏🏾🙏🏾
 Walmart tries using  blockchain to take unsafe food off shelves 
So I put on clothes to go to Walmart, I made it to my car and decided I already had enough of being by people and just went back to my room.
I wonder if Walmart is aware  what "The Freak in the sheets" means
 jtroyer  bgracely I would be kind of like Walmart sponsoring a conference about online shopping at Amazon.
Got this  walmart because  target wouldn't honor a price on an endcap with at other games like… 
 ayye_nani walmart run when you get here?
Sooo everybody   Walmart today? Like 7 people have came up to me already
Bout to hit Walmart and go take me a great ass shower. & go lay down somewhere
 ann_aleah Thanks for letting us know. Please bring the DVD back to our Customer Service desk so we can help you. -Red
I started my period spending the night at my BD's house (before he became my BD) & he walked 20 minutes to Walmart… 
en walmart
 Walmart honored and the asst. Mgr. ALEX would only ask who was the person she talked to instead of helping the issue.  We just walked out.
Just got back form the   Walmart  Matrix  I will file my report soon LOL 

 TRUMP 
 MAGA 
 TrumpTransition… 
So, who i. the genius th:t thought it would be wise to put the back-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
Noemi went to Walmart to get some things.. I told her ass to make a list and this is like the 10th time she calls 
Ms.walmart boots a biter now 😂😂
 foodbycoombs  Walmart Costco rotisserie chickens are great!
 ce_plante They're certainly popular! Was there a particular Hatchimal that you were looking to purchase? -Red
Protected Bike Lanes Are Sprouting Up in Walmart Country 
 ad Yummy deal on  oreo cookies at  walmart!    snackandsave  OREOcookies  ibotta  Deals  ad 
Signed up for Fios as I was walking out of Walmart. New connection on Thursday 🙌🏾
can not wait to get up tommorow going to walmart to look for a friend
 Walmart my wife went to exchange a defective item at customer service and the lady told her that she would have a  50 credit and it was not
I need those cow slippers from Walmart !!!!!!!!
Fabo So Talented  Fail  DCinvasion  walmart  loop: via  YouTube
my sister just took 2 1/2 hours to take a shower & do her makeup just so we could go to walmart
 Walmart it was an in-store purchase
It really be the same ppl that come in Walmart every single day
The  5371  Walmart sure does have some horrible customer service!  notimpressed
Walmart Cyber Monday 2016 Ad, Deals, Specials — Walmart’s Cyber Monday Online Sales – 4K TVs,…… 
Walmart 🤔😂 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Montgomery, IL w/  inkdlatntwnk 
 prettijazzi Walmart the 😈😂😂😂
Look what I found for 2 dollars at Walmart lol! Looks like it's… 
Fuckin with random people in Walmart PT 1  BlackRanked Vine by TOKYOxVANITY Funny 7 Second Video: via  YouTube
I gotta find me some hot Funyuns, they better be at Walmart.
Resident Evil 7 Biohazard (PS4) pre-order is  49.96 ( 30 off)   Walmart.ca 
Moshi Monsters: Katsuma Unleashed (Nintendo 3DS)  [ Save 90% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts 
 TanookiKuribo  Walmart  BestBuy ... writing on the surface of collectable items.
 JacobEMatthews no we've talked about going to Walmart and getting my bear!
 Deals ProForm Power 795 Treadmill for  589 + free shipping - Walmart offers the ProForm Power 795 Treadmill, m... 
A heartwarming story to get you in the holiday spirit! 
The  holidays are here! Let's  bakewithbetty &  walmart >ad    revirescowoman
 JustinCarrier at I thought u were gonna say around your house..lol
can not wait to get up tommorow going to walmart
Do You Know Who The People Of Walmart Are? - 
Notebook Dell Intel Core i3 ... Apenas R 1899.00 Acesse  Notebook  informatica  oferta… 
 IAmJordanBecker well yeah but it's all Walmart has that's cold ass
How do you like your  Oreo ?  snackandsave  ad  walmart  OREOcookies  Walmart 
WHEN ALL YOUR FRIENDS ARE WITH THEIR BOOS AND YOU HAVE TO GO TO WALMART BY YOURSELF  lindsaynicole__  ashtonkaylee32  omgtay13
Also Walmart having a sale on the clementines and the clementines _not_ being overripe or rotting was amazing.
Hurry to get this special deal on a trampoline. Bounce Pro 14’ Trampoline w/ Enclosure and Basketball Hoop. Now  189 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Montgomery, IL 
MINI DRUGSTORE HAUL| TARGET & WALMART| DEAR BETH: via  YouTube
 TanookiKuribo  Walmart That sucks! That's partially why I prefer in store pickup. Then again,  BestBuy has been having a habit of...
 realDonaldTrump. Okay...now you are sounding like a spoiled brat throwing a tantrum on the floor at Walmart.  TrumpTransition  Trump2016
In regards to the booty cereal...  bootycereal  walmart  breakfast  WWE  markiplier  Walmart   WWE  BarackObama 
 walkthem00nn we were   walmart the other night and it started playing and madison was like "maggie listen" and I cried in Walmart ffffff
Them cookies was  1.98 at Walmart. Dominos got the 50% off online orders. Smh
Yep I'm in Walmart with my comfy tweety pants... not a care in the world lol.
 MNasanut  Fairfax51 we got the yeti like cups at Walmart. Keeps it hot til lady drop!
I JUST SLIPPED AND FELL TWICE IN A ROW IN THE WALMART PARKING LOT!!!! I hate my life😂😭
Our very first Christmas tree!  christmastree  christmas  tree  lightsincluded  7fttall  walmart… 
i meet someone i might consider dating like once every few years how are y'all getting engaged every time you go to walmart
 missD0MINIQUE Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
my mom got a cart in walmart that sounds like deebo bike.
This old lady in Walmart just gave me the weirdest look cause this shit😑 
 jake_poirier i saw u at the walmart coppin a line up... you slipppped dawg
Wen someone steals your debit card info and blows  200 at Walmart 😍😍😍😍😍😍
 worldclasspark Please tell us about the situation so we have the opportunity to assist. Thank you. -June
 RevYearwood  davematthewsbnd Boycott businesses in Bismark-Mandan including  target  walmart  kohls &  jcpenney 
I'm so mad I forgot to buy that special floss at Walmart
No my dad is the real Santa Claus he goes to Walmart and Toys R Us for me fuckoff 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Chula Vista, CA 
So this is a thing...boot cereal  walmart  breakfast  whynot 
So I absolutely suck at driving those electric Walmart scooters 

I would suck at being a cripple
I just seen this fine ass darkskin in Walmart and I already knew I would never see him again and I'm sad asf rn😭
"Welcome to Walmart get your shit and get out!"  walterisgreat  jeffdunham
This guy is sitting by the bathroom at Walmart slumped. He legit keeps falling over asleep and waking up when he falls 😂
When ur sitting in the Walmart parking lot but ur parents won't text you back
 just___bert  paidwood_ I played it at Walmart back in the day and it just wasn't it.
Going to Walmart... hopefully I have some self control
Is now an okay time to sin? No, probably not.  watch  christianity  walmart 
There was a fight at my Walmart. wish I could've seen it
 jam17 We're sorry for the inconvenience, we only close if we have no other choice. Have you raised your suggestion to store management?-Ati
Watching a European in Walmart for the first, priceless!
Y did I just cash out at Walmart 🙄
Ik vind een  YouTube-video van  realyoboypizza leuk: Possibly the Greatest Walmart 24 Hour Challenge of All
 ootd boots are "Rafaella" from  shoedazzle..... Jeans are from  walmart.... Black and white… 
Lol walmart u shady 
The patti pies are on sale at Walmart ✊🏾
😂😂😂 Walmart really just took the opportunity to advertise grey sweats😂😂💀 
That's a lot  SalmonArmBC Walmart when I bought a minecraft card it was already redeemed! H
 HoveCoD nah Walmart
how many of those Walmart  CyberMonday deals can you trust?  MovieTVTechGeeks  TechNews via  movietvtechgeek
Saw Trey Porter at Walmart today. His manly man beard had me in awe! It's crazy I haven't seen anyone for like two years. Time flies...
My parents really threatened to take my phone away if I didn't go to Walmart with them I look so bummy rn I hope they're embarrassed 🙂
 l0te_ WalMart you mean, Walgreens deluxes are   17.99
the self checkout machine said thank you for shipping at Walmart and the person behind me said you're welcome
THERES AN ELF AND SANTA TRAPPED IN THE CEILING OF WALMART AND IITS MAKING ME LAUGH SO GODDAM MUCH 
But the gag is , your actually dollar tree and not Walmart while the other one is Chanel 
This week in the war on workers: Walmart loses  54 million wage theft lawsuit 
I just checked in at Walmart Supercenter with  CricketRewards Download today!  
That bonus check for Walmart drop Thursday 😁
 stevendoung "thank you for shopping at walmart"
I hate coming in Walmart
Walmart Ad Scan for 12-2 to 12-17-16 ~ BROWSE All 32 Pages! - 
The hair wax I usually get is just not carried at Walmart anymore I guess? So I had to buy a new brand so this could potentially suck
PSA: Walmart has the rainbow highlighter thing 
 TEZZYBryant19 Nice purchase! Thanks for shopping with us. -Carole
 Walmart ok thanks!
Yes, I am that girl who goes to Walmart wearing tights, a t-shirt, and a Batman jacket, but also carries a Michael Kors purse. 😂
 BostonGlobe Boycott these businesses in Bismark-Mandan including  target  walmart  kohls &  jcpenney 
These Walmart Commercials
WALMART ROASTING 😭😭😭😭😭
VTech Touch and Learn Musical Bee Just  10.88, Down From  20 At Walmart!  Walmart  VTech
Alright Walmart!😂 GreySweatpantsChallenge 
why is walmart always so trash
 lillich1590 We apologize for the inconvenience, but will pass along your concern to mgmnt to better serve you in the future. -Ati
Urgent care is worse than Walmart and hell combined
 Walmart that's the same screen I keep trying and right after I sign in it keeps saying technical difficulties
Can never go in Walmart and get exactly what I need 😕
Kyler asked mom if he could go to Walmart and she said no & he walked off so he walked off & said "Ill take that as a yes"😂
Walmart Cyber Monday 2016 Ad, Deals, Specials — Walmart’s Cyber Monday Online  Sales – 4K TVs, Laptops,… 
 BiteMy_BENJAMIN girl surviving, trying to get back on at Walmart
This lady smooth hit me at Walmart and didn't gaf
Cant talk my mom had her purse stolen at walmart today and we are filing a police report we got harassed by a guy wanting to sell a puppy
 okchristinaw and I thoroughly enjoy loitering in Walmart!
... I really just slend 2 hrs at Walmart 😂😂😐😐
Fuck Walmart
I Love how Walmart Chile aka Lider is trayendo things made by chinos with frases in english to a country where we s… 
My new wall decor I got from Walmart for only  2 u can write on it with chalk   Bancroft, West… 
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 10 Points! WOO HOO!!
just went to walmart to look longingly at christmas trees someone stop me
Can someone make my day and buy me cute winter socks from walmart😭💗
So I haven't mention this yet, but my Grandmother and I went to Walmart earlier in the week and found Skylanders Superchargers for  10
41. Target or Walmart ?
 PRT  VideoGame  PSP  Blokus Portable: Steambot Championship PSP 
 PointlessBlog when I was younger Walmart did I do for my 10th bday ! Love you so so so much Alfie zoe and poppy 💓💓  Zoella  thatPoppy
"Ever since Trump won, everyone at Walmart has been WAY happier." -Grandpa Wagner
Best Cyber Monday Deals 2016: Target, Walmart, iPhone, Travel, and More - Barron's 
 Xbox_Addictt  BeastFireTimdog  Kmega4 It was like  5 at Walmart lol
Some man just hit me with his buggy in Walmart. I'm shook.
 2STARSISPM Walmart already tweeted they have your back
 BestBuy and  Walmart I don't have any cyber Monday money so unless it's free please chill with the emails
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <mSA9> 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <]G6s> 
 McKenziParham We're sorry your TV was damaged. Was this an online purchase or in-store purchase? -Carole
& me going to Walmart super dead
This dude on the bus said "I got hired at FedEx and Walmart wass good!" Lmaooo😂😂😂😂
"Target is just red Walmart, you're not fooling me"  stevomess4
Going 2 Walmart 2 look   blow up mattresses that'll fit n my car, 2g2 the beach to visit  brianna_moring n a month n FL
Went in Walmart for 2 things & came out with a whole buggy full of shit smh
 Kooljo728  maxthemink  Bootleg_Stuff black man the number one hero only at Walmart
*shopping at walmart*
Me: wow this is only  1.98 yes! 
Me: I'm going to stay on budget today.
*2 hrs later*
Cashier… 
Why are walmart workers so unfriendly?  money  business  finance 
My new pillow I got from Walmart on black Friday 2016  9.46   Walmart Cross Lanes 
Hate coming to walmart😐
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <W=ym> 
 seanspellman701 Did you first register it here? -Ati
wow.....so Walmart punking niggas off like that😂😓😓💀💀😂😂😂 
Found this at Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video from  somicrafts Fall Fashion Walmart Plus size Try on Clothing Haul
just witnessed a little boy run his brother over in the parking lot at walmart 😂
I'm at  Walmart in Bethlehem, PA 
 Muse559  johnnykalldayy looks like I'm going to Walmart
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty 4 some tasty cookies & treats. Give cookies as gifts!  ad 
 imHenry_bot catch me at your local walmart asleep in the Ball Cage gripping onto my titties for dear life
Wow Walmart came for y'alls whole lives 
Lol went to  Walmart  Here they say these shirts are x amount, change it at the register and say here's a higher priced one that's similar.
Wtf , is over there that aint at circle k walmart & heb ... 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <Bu\X> 
Arizona Man Loses More Than 300 Pounds By Walking To Walmart 
unrelated:
ay carlos u rmr that 1 time when i possibly drew out USairforce w/ the BOMB IS GROUNDED W/ THE WALMART MARIO BOMB LOOKIN SPEAKER
AD: Yay 4  CyberMonday deals! Join me 11/28 at 930amET 4  WalmartLIVE Twitter party -  500 in GCs!  sweepstakes 
Walmart food good to me I will go to Walmart deli and get food like it's a fast food restaurant
Bumper sticker at Walmart: "Too much sex will kill you, that's why they invented marriage"
I'm lost in Walmart..
I hate walmart why did my mother drag me here
Black Friday 2016: Best TV, laptop, tech deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon and more - KOKI FOX 23: KOKI FOX 23… 
 Gaychel22 it's shit teams with GOOD D-lines that will abuse our Walmart line every Sunday. It will always even the entire playing field.
Black Friday 2016: Best TV, laptop, tech deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon and more - KOKI FOX 23: KOKI FOX 23…… 
Walmart posting record sales for the weekend. All the trailer trash who voted  trump feeing good! 👍🏻
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <R=Th> 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <XAnn> 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <5j4K> 
 BrianCHahn Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
RE7 pre-order is part of Walmart's upcoming pre-order promo but it looks like they activated that one early
Frustrated w/  Walmart. Stood 4 30 mins waiting 2 return cart of bottles/cans. Bins all full. Mngr said he would send some1. Nvr happened.
I don't need 5 emails everyday!!!  Walmart  Overkill  NegativeResults  Walmart
You'd think that after you, your husband and your teenage daughter became too obese to walk in Walmart you'd go on a diet but America.
The little girl screaming, "JINGLE BELLS" over and over again  in Walmart is cracking me up!
 ipadmini2  32g  blackfridayprice still available  Walmart on 87 n coralway  miami  gogogo 
me in 7th grade memes. look at my shaq's i got at walmart for  20 
You at Walmart with yo girl and he slaps your girls ass. Wyd?? 
Cyber Monday 2016 Walmart Deals And Specials: 4K TV, Laptops, Smartphone.. Related Articles: 
❤❤❤ Entertainment  Buzz 【LAST ONE】Kelly Clarkson Wrapped In Red Walmart Exclusive  CD+ DVD New Sealed… 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <yeQE> 
Pre-order Resident Evil 7 for  49.96 ( 30 off)   Walmart - PS4: X1: 
 loganmoreno_ FUCK IN A WALMART
yall know those let's get weird shirts they sell at walmart Those Are Just Crazy Huh
 ChrisPoch We're glad you reached out, Chris. We can take a deeper look if you tell us about your order at: -June
I walk into Walmart for 5 seconds and already run into 4 kids from my work. I can never go out anymore without seeing a child I know 😂
Hey  Walmart your customer service is god awful.
Walmart Worker Turns In  350 He Found In Parking Lot--His Good Deed Ends Up Costing Him His Job 
 SingleAsHellChallenge walking through the cat aisle at Walmart looking for a new cat tree for this handsome fella 
channel vs walmart 
i needa go to walmart ☹️
 tbrewington_ lol I'll take cheap Walmart ones tho
So I went to Walmart & the cashier really gone ask me to go to McDonald's and refill her cup💀
Life’s Too Short to Lose Your Head in a Walmart Parking Lot at 3 A.M. 
 Walmart I keep trying to share more details, but I just keep explaining over and over the same thing to different peopl
Best Streaming Media Player Black Friday 2016 Deals: Roku Stick/Express, Amazon Fire Stick, Chromecast At Walmart … 
I hate going into Walmart and getting a cart because it makes me feel like too much of an adult
 shepthelep96 Have you tried clearing cache & cookies or switching to a different browser? -Carole
Impending Snow Storm + Black Friday Weekend = Walmart is crazy. Stay safe out there 🤘
When you're  inside Walmart & your family buying all the shirts to put pey pey on‼️💙
After visiting a Walmart in Stow, Ohio, I'm very convinced that Ohio's biggest export is Duck Dynasty playing cards.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist I Mailed Myself in a Box to WALMART and IT WORKED! (ALMOST GOT CAUGHT
I Mailed Myself in a Box to WALMART and IT WORKED! (ALMOST GOT CAUGHT BY EMPLOYEE) 
Dawg I’m at walmart dumb high I hope I only buy what I need
 KSass13 Walmart should have one! And they should have one of those tree scent fresheners that make it smell real.
On The Way Walmart Home office | Walmart Home Office 
 ad An important message about your favorite cookie -->  OREO  OREOcookies  SnackandSave  Walmart
 Walmart he threatened to call 12.  walmart  notecofriendly fire that boy
Just spend  40 on nothing in Walmart.😒
livingfrugalnow: Is this what you've been looking for?!? Battlefield 1 (Xbox One or PS4)  27 + Tax   Walmart 
📹 dree18: He wanted a quickie before his girlfriend came back from walmart 💦💦 Yess 
Thank you  Walmart for my Teach Tote  WalmartTeachTote  brandshareus
Is this what you've been looking for?!? Battlefield 1 (Xbox One or PS4)  27 + Tax   Walmart 
we been in this car forever and still have to go to walmart 🙂
Yooooo they really tearing down the Compton swamp meet and replacing it as a walmart 🙄🙄🙄🙄
 chaso_JOP 45 at Walmart right now lol they crazy
The more I shop  kroger the less I want to go to Walmart
 groovycutie the ardel whispies from WalMart are like  2- 3 & they're my all time favorite!!
 doblasporro  darylturro carl gallagher Chanel carl grimes Walmart
 spacemadchen  dickportillos this guy looks like a Walmart version of the guy who plays dean in supernatural, who a… 
 kaijubushi Better question, why didn't Walmart. LOL. (When I clicked earlier it was all jokes but I got the gist). Also...  MadeYouLook
When U c ROBLOX Card At Walmart

 ROBLOX
My kids love it when I lip sync and dance around to Whitney Houston Christmas music playing over the loudspeaker at Walmart.  gaydadmoments
Having to aimlessly walk around Walmart waiting for a prescription makes me miss Target more than usual
 brysonbrigman got it for  27  walmart haha
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <_EMu> 
im in canton walmart 😊
I need some more of these Walmart jeans
I'm at Walmart almost everyday lmao
I guess no one fucking knows how to park at walmart 
The elusive  walmart  exclusive originalfunko surprise blindbox featuring  killercroc impopster… 
I need to go to Walmart Mart and Target but don't want to go alone.
I click on 'Electronic & Learning Toys' at walmart.ca and what's the first result? 
I liked a  YouTube video (INSANE!) 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT PARODY WALMART CHALLENGE / CAUGHT BY SECURITY!!
 google  facebook  Jet  Walmart making loss🎄is killing  amazon unless New Social Media Site Release… 
 GerryRitzMP  marcorubio  bcbluecon If you are worried about human rights and dictatorships stop buying Chinese products at Walmart.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Centennial, CO w/  aurora888 
flonase over the counter walgreens & flonase cost at walmart & generic flonase 
I liked a  YouTube video from  thebakedclam How much walmart is too much?
 pineaIs  xolexyyxo thats for shirts from like walmart that no one wears, you can get them too, nice try tho
Black Friday Haul | 2016 | Target, Michael's, Walmart, Kohls, and more! via  YouTube
 maddydelivaudai i wouldn't wanna go to walmart 3 days in a row with anyone else!!😂❤️
Life in Washington, aka the Chanel to Oregon's Walmart, is going swimmingly. Thank ya McKenna 😊💙💚 
like every walmart near me either has them in stock or they'll be in bed in the dark not leaving my room for the first time in ever
Me   the customers at Walmart 
I liked a  YouTube video CHRISTMAS WINS EXTRAVAGANZA | Walmart Claw Machine Wins
WALMART CAME FOR Y'ALL LOL 
Waves is on in Walmart and all of a sudden I'm a 6th grader juking in a living room again
rachel come collect your man he's at walmart 
what major grocery store can I find decent salmon? (Kroger, Walmart... etc?) help please
Pretty sure I broke a rib laughing at this tweet. OMG. Did they not click on the hashtag? Jesus, Walmart. LOLOLOLOL… 
I just saw post malone at walmart 😱😱😱
 KORIE_BoeingM no joke the same thing happened to me! I went to Michaels and they wouldn't let me buy it so I went to Walmart and I could!
 XeX_Shaw yeah, when you live at least 30+ mins from even a Walmart it's easier to just order things, especially with free 2-day shipping 😜
 functionangels Walmart got no chill
Lmao self check out at Walmart a bitch bro 😂😂😂 this legit how it be everytime 
Chanel vs. Walmart 
Came to Walmart and... 
I Can Never Shop At Walmart In Peace
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Claremont, NH 
Walmart is really playing old school music
 BestBuy ABSOLUTE WORST TV BUYING EXPERIENCE EVER. DO NOT GO HERE, GO TO  Walmart OR  SamsClub
damn walmart 
I went to Walmart specifically to buy clothes to wear tomorrow so I don't have to do laundry tonight. I know, Ive got to get my act together
If only Walmart could deliver my groceries
 nikko314 I almost bought uggs from Walmart last night
I went to 3 Walmart  here in Minnesota  and they don't have it oh well looks like I will order off the hard candy s… 
56. walmart or target ?
I came back early to do my paper and so far all I have done was shower, get subway, go to Walmart and lay in bed 

I am a piece of shit
Bree Robinson Pineda IN WALMART DEBoeingTING IF SHE WANT TO GET PANTS OR LEGGINGS 😂😂 BoeingBY ITS COLD OUTSIDE
 iirajj We apologize for your experience. Did you share your concerns with the store management so they could help? -Carole
Ali : so you don't  wanna have kids           Me : no I'm trying to be like Walmart save money live better
 Jaclynhill Batiste dry shampoo has a brunette bottle! You can get it at Walgreens/CVS/Walmart/Target
ck out my  poem abt  BlackFriday --  DVDNightmare on my  poetry  blog  walmartfights  poets  poet  walmart  buzz
Walmart Black Friday: Saviry - Deals, Freebies, Sales - best online shopping:  
Walmart so damn busy 😒
Some lady in Walmart gave me the dirtiest look for running in half naked and buying 6 loaves of bread.
OMG I just drove up on the Walmart rock 😭😭
Do you need more  kidfriendly holiday recipes?  MyKids  HolidayFun  Ad  mrsdeweysclass
 CyberMonday is bigger than ever with 23 million items now on Big thanks to our ecommerce… 
I HATE Walmart with a passion
Here is a look  Walmart in  Charlottetown  PEI  Winterhasarrived 
There is a bird in the Walmart
I shop at walmart maybe every other month. Sadly its usually for a big purchase cuz small budget 4 big projects.
. Walmart you have an application with a long employee questionnaire and you still hire terrible employees with even worse customer service
Walmart really shitty to they employees. But trust me i tried there too. I been to interviews at 2 different jawns 
Hmm I got lost going here once 😠 (at  Walmart Supercenter in Cary, NC) 
 _EVELYN_15_ Update trip to Walmart cancelled, now to do hw 😓
 Walmart still not getting anywhere with it
so happy walmart carries bolthouse farms soy free drinks cause i can't have soy
 travyyyy227  LukeSkylifter I feel ya and I'm just statin mine idk I feel working at Walmart is different jus how I feel
 KORIE_BoeingM I got spray paint from Walmart and you only needed to be 18 to get it
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Fishers, IN 
We might go to Walmart and to Belk to see Kelly
When you see the ugly duckling at Walmart.... And all you can do is laugh laugh laugh. 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Tis the season  notsharing   Walmart Bryan 
I just jogged around campus, then jogged to Walmart, bought pop tarts, and then jogged home. I am dying.
 Carlybrinke I really like targets workout clothes! I also got some really good leggings at Walmart bc I forgot b4 dance one day lol
 Newegg I have yet to see any great deals this year anywhere except maybe 10 dollar wranglers at walmart
A good samaritan was shot & killed in Texas Walmart parking lot after trying to stop a domestic assault incident. 
I had a dream that  superrriah and I were having a dance battle in the middle of a Walmart aisle. 

I won, of course.
 Walmart why do you want 2 know???
I need to go into Walmart but I'm not feeling it so I'll sit in my car for a while
Running thru Walmart wit my woe
My ACDC shirt that I bought at Walmart was the best 9 bucks I've ever spent in my life 🤘🏼
 StudentsNG 2016 Walmart Scholarships Application Deadline December 1,2016 
I came to Walmart in spandex and everyone is giving me the dirtiest looks
 Lstblkgrl in a walmart parking lot. lol
I gotta try this Walmart grocery pickup. Seems so convenient
 grosiicki i do crack and cocaine at the same time while i'm working at walmart.
I'm never buying anymore video games from Walmart ever again
 ChrisGVasquez Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Signal 53 fraud

Okeechobee Rd
Walmart. Male is trying to pass counterfeit bills. Is currently in LP office and is starting to get anxious.
People in Walmart don't want to get tf out the way when I say "excuse me" so don't get mad when I get you out the way with my cart bitch
walmart or fast food ya only options really 
And Walmart has the weird ability to remind you of all kinds of stuff you "need"
That's a lot of Walmart. 
some fucking 14 y/o drew a nazi symbol on a freezer door at walmart i fucking hate teenagers
Retweeted The FANGIRLING Life ( BSBFangirls):

Sixteen years ago today, I yelled at a Walmart associate...... 
I show my boyfriend the flowers at Walmart*
Me: 5.75 to make yo girl happy 
Bf: thought it was movies from the  5 bin? 
Me: trü
 Walmart ain't shit  greysweatpantschallenge 
I hate Walmart in between the time of Thanksgiving and Christmas. There are so many people lol😅
Why are there geese flying over Walmart right now
That's a pretty shitty Walmart you go to 😣 
‣ Black Friday | "Also Blacks at Walmart’s door Trampled there like all the poor..." | |  DissidentVoice
 TheLastCanary  Tehsupercow more like locked cases at Walmart vs things on the shelf by the exit at Walmart.
sometimes i just wanna plow everybody walking into walmart with my car how funny would that be
 Walmart to pick up a ship to store order since Friday, waited 45 minutes so far today but paid for my item right away😒
  WALMART 
SUNDAY!!  WalmartLog  RRRpc   Walmart Houston - 3450 FM 1960 Rd W 
Their is nothing I hate more than going to Walmart 😭
I looked. They don't even have those! Just a few rifles and air guns.
Fucken Walmart 
 realDonaldTrump U R disgusting and U couldn't lead a trip to walmart. Loser! U will go down. Just wait!  putinsbitch  cheater  liar
interested in adding me to their "arrangement" and that he would "help me financially so i wouldn't have to work at walmart"
50 Shocking Photos of Naughty Women Flashing Their Private Parts at Walmart

 laurapwenner Great piece. And love this line: "a woman’s basic right to be anonymous in Walmart"
Sunday's only purpose is for you to ponder whether you should or shouldn't walk to Walmart and get some ice cream. The answer is always yes.
Man... Why couldn't Walmart have this badass of a clothing selection when I was a kid. Kids walking out with actual brands and shit  pettyaf
‘Sista Nyasha:_Pre-Order Your Copy Today At Best Buy,Amazon,Walmart-TabooTheUnthinkableAct  TPN’ on  SoundCloud  np 
 nickcrain  jillharris  Amazing_Maps Walmart conquest OR the way zombie virus spreads from Arkansas
 AmandaMartha4 it's the dental office next to Walmart though
 _youhadonejob1 friend just bought this shoes from  Walmart and see what's wrong in this pic? 👆🏼😭😭😂👞👞. No left leg… 
 deegeemindi How about this? Or would that drive the HOA out of their minds? Lol 
 Graaacie_  Hipholic_ I remember this one time when  cwink4213 almost hit this guy on a bike in Walmart parking lot
 Pup_in_ya_ I love Walmart
I had to get something for my xmas tree only Walmart had it 
Moms Flashing at Walmart! 
No fucking way WalMart rippin tf outta yall😂 
 SilentLoco Second, send the order details, including your contact info, to us at: so we can look into it. -June
I liked a  YouTube video from  therichest_com 10 Inappropriate People At Walmart
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Surprise, AZ w/  susanlowryaz 
chanel vs. walmart 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <v_LB> 
anyways he kept talking about random stuff and how he was in the war when he was younger and how he worked with walmart selling items in
 DARPartners Walmart Adopts Blockchain Technology to Get Tainted Food...
via organicauthori… 
 groovycutie i bought a super bomb pair at walmart last night for like  3
This is the story more often than not.
They don't have what I go in for.
Another reason to say fuck you,  Walmart and buy locally.
 shelbssss__ omg i saw mr stripling at walmart today
some1 tag along to walmart with me
Walmart Is Hoping a  Blockchain Can Clean Up China’s Dirty Pork Industry 
62¢ Zing Stevia Sweetener at Walmart! 
 JackJ I had a dream and I was in a haunted Walmart in Cali with my friend and we don't even live in Cali
 Chudless and I are running around Walmart hiding from  ashlyyy123 😂😂
I just got back from Walmart.
YALL SEE HER RING ? THEY REGISTERED AT MACYS BIH . aint no target , aint no walmart . 
Hawks/Pats was a heavyweight fight. 

Hawks/Bucs is a Black Friday Walmart pissing match
 SilentLoco Brian, there are two things you can do right now. First, we suggest calling the store to ask about the order. -June
I've tried being sensible and using 99 cent paints from Walmart and it just doesn't cut it. I'll stick to  10 tubes of liquitex heavy body
sees the original fb screenplay in walmart and cries bc it's 18 dollars
Nothing like being called "sir" at Walmart 🙂
 FancyFairycakes at least it was at walmart last night haha
 billieissatan //it's a pillow at Walmart
I had a dream last that me, my mom, and my brother stole air conditioning vents from Walmart on Black Friday
Shouts out to Walmart for only having sizes 15 and up as I'm frantically looking for one pair of black pants for my new job tomorrow
You could win one of 60 Walmart gift cards from Nature Made- ... by  KickingWKelly via  c0nvey
I went to Walmart for ONE thing.. left with 80 dollars worth of christmas stuff. I hate myself 🙃
PSA: they have ALOT of hella good movies on sale at Walmart 😛 you're welcome . 
walmart got a lot of games out i might get a game from walmart or gamestop one of the stores.
 walmart Wow this is a huge price hike! I'll shop somewhere else! 
Nothing says Kay Roman quite like getting ur eyebrows done at Walmart 
Inspirational, thanks for sharing.  Thanks to Walmart, too   He showed a tru…, One Man's Journey to a Healthier Life 
I just watched 2 idiots that work at Walmart run into somebody's ford with a row of shopping carts.....
Okay Walmart and torch. You win. I'm omw. 😂
Dear  Walmart. Please stop protecting your milk More than my kids.  Why is the toy department closer to the exit than the milk?
Clay Shelburn & Zac Stokes- Walmart Rockstars - Pride and Joy 
So excited I got to see  Mady_Bush at Walmart today. Missed you so so much. 😘
I hate Walmart.  FamousLastWords
This lady at Walmart is playing her music out loud and singing along forcing everyone to listen...
13 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart  
I know I'm weird   Walmart Harrisburg - Grayson Rd 
 tndh2016  toyzndahood2016  stonemountainhighschool   Walmart Supercenter Stone Mountain 
walmart needs better baskets otc. 😕😂
Meanwhile Americans are busy biting and kicking each other in Walmart 😂😂👏🏾  BlackFriday ✌🏾️ 
The Pioneer Woman Cowboy Rustic 14-Piece Cutlery Set  39 (Cyber Monday)   Walmart via  frugalbuzz
I need a ride to Walmart wtf
we are in walmart and my mom just started screaming about her favorite yogurt
Walmart is so dead right now
Which Walmart Tho????? 😩👀 
Walmart radio is playing Hilary duff Christmas songs. Its litt
that moment when u run into one of ur clients at Walmart LOL
Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
I saved  16 thanks to walmart self checkout
Is there ever a day where all walmart checkouts are open??
So i might have to make a trip back to Walmart to get this 😬 
Saw a magazine today at Walmart and this was on the front of it....... "little big town's Hilary Scott".......
lol my sister came down bragging about her promotion at Walmart. Congrats smfh.
 solestrike Is a american express card bought from walmart considered a gift card
Wearing my FBI hat to Walmart is the most exciting thing I've done in a while. I should do it more often
This line in Walmart OC
 KateyKate723 I'm sure Walmart has them down there...
 notorious_jag go to a walmart.. you'll find someone. Lmk when you land in jersey
 Walmart at 3am:  Vegas edition  douchebags 
Nope, it wasn't for a Black Furiday Sale. Two doggie drivers crashed a car into a Walmart store. (Everybody's OK!)… 
Just had a 45 year old woman ask me in Walmart which condoms I recommend
I went to target and Walmart for one thing and left with  200 worth of Christmas shit and a tree. Ugh
I'm legit about to go to Walmart and buy myself a box of chocolates just cause
 realDonaldTrump -u want 2 do some deportations-go 2 Walmart on a Sunday.All immigrants-no one speaking English-shocking-Whose paying?Me/Us?
Christmas decorating: I know u have more lights coz we almost got in a fight at Walmart.  spiritofchristmas
 travyyyy227  LukeSkylifter you're sleep too come spend a day at Walmart in the back room you'll change your mind
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 20 Points! WOO HOO!!
I was at Walmart, and the security guard checked my receipt and goes "uh oh. I don't see that beautiful smile on here" 😩😭
Chanel was founded before Walmart in 1902 
I'm highkey always in Walmart 😭
 Walmart it's a warranty issue for TLE
 BackRowLearner I make it a point to go buy beer at Walmart/Sams this time a year and givem a big ole smile as I walk by
 Walmart please let me know who I can contact. Spent 20 min on hold yesterday waiting to speak to local store manager before I hung up.
Like I know  Walmart is ridiculous but I shouldn't have to wait over half an hour to get some perfume unlocked. Come on now.
 Crislex my daughter birthday was Thursday  got a teddy bear frm Walmart that has a heart in the middle makes sounds & sing twinkle twinkle
🛒🛒🛒 (at  Walmart in Fremont, CA) 
 NataneEklund We hope you are having a super duper day, Natane! -June
Turn a calendar into a gift like  CottageintheOak w/ help from  Walmart Photo! AD …... by  dawnchats via  c0nvey
 Retweet  Specials  Thermos The Rock Beverage Bottle 
Your aloe vera gel might not actually have aloe vera 
at walmart, saw this and instinctually was like: i need to pick this up 
 itsdjeezyinthis kids straight cop cuts at Walmart💀💀
 Retweet  Specials  Level Mount by Elexa DC37DJ Full Motion Dual Arm 
Madi just asked this lady at Walmart if she could help us find the Christmas trees, her response was "I don't work here" 😂
 leal04_daniel  Walmart when does hell freeze over?
So, my mom called herself being a savvy shopper & bought a new Smart TV from WalMart that has all this stuff on it just to NOT USE IT -_-
Gotta go to Walmart in Carrollton 🙄
 bomby_creeper Still out and about? Our friendly holiday helpers in yellow vests can help you find what you need. -June
I ACCIDENTALLY USED THE WOMENS BoeingTHROOM AT WALMART I AM SO SORRY
 isabellerenne Let's go get popcorn chicken at Walmart 🌚
So many people at Walmart 😕😳😫😫😫
 xXxRated_NuNu oooooh hey! i'm at walmart getting stiff
Is there a more poorly ran store than  Walmart? Been maybe three times in the past year and somehow the experience gets worse every time
I look 16, I'm not really sure how I didn't get carded at Walmart
Good Samaritan killed in deadly Walmart shooting identified via  11AliveNews... by  DarrenKavinoky via  c0nvey
 PRT  Specials  South Shore Summertime 1 Drawer Nightstand White and Maple 
 facesbycaitb nope! We have Walmart, Shoppers drug mart, and rexall. No CVS either
5sos just play in Walmart and I may have got a little to excited cause I dropped my sweet tea and ran.. so yeah
The level of stupid that just checked us out at Walmart is unbelievable...  And that idiot touches money..  OMG...
 sam_crother Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Word of advice don't ever take your vehicle to the  Walmart auto center in McDonough. They'll make sure they screw you over
From Bitcoin to puke-tracking: Walmart uses blockchains to monitor food 
 CarissaSpeed Our apologies again. Please share your experience at so we can improve. -Carole
air freshener and candles my fav non-food items to get from walmart
Went to Walmart to buy other people candles..came home with a new one for myself😂
 apieceofkake Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Dollar Tree decor was lacking necessities so I went to WalMart... alone...  AnxietyParadise  BacktoBaeTarget
This is an evil place (at  Walmart Supercenter in Victorville, CA) 
 HeelWillMahoney I'm only enabling at this point, but I found this on Walmart's site... 
So upset at  Kmart and  Walmart with there check cashing services😡😡😡😡
going to walmart with kara let's pray i don't get dropped again guys
At Walmart
7yo: Can I use your coat, I'm cold.
Me: What if I need it?
7yo: You don't need it you have fur.
*goes to Walmart starving* *eats all of the food before getting home*
. BritneyAileen u were too dressy for Walmart!
My mom is driving the cart around like it's a damn car. Good thing we're at Walmart or I'd be embarrassed lol
Did I just see manny mua twin at Walmart ??
Lookin like trash in the local Walmart what's gud
I want this kitchen cart from walmart but how is this thing gonna get up my stairs..
You never know what you will find at  Walmart !  Dinner  Chicken  WhatDoYouDoWithThose  ChickenPaws  Craziness 
I'm literally the best looking guy in all of Walmart so that made me happy
The Process Of Buying A Home Demands More Than A Walmart Greeter 
 Walmart when will you be restocking the NES classic????
walking through walmart feelin myself
Just got to walmart and wishing i got groceries before i left for my… 
looked for a lamp at Walmart, didn't have any that fit CNUs policies, great 😭
In case you need another reason to boycott Walmart, here it is  BoycottWalmart  SlaveLabour  
 Mckenzie_Paige1  xxcarlee but you basically live at Walmart 😂
time to go build more forts in Walmart & target :)
Lights and a hamster water bottle. (at  Walmart Supercenter in Hickory, NC) 
If i wouldve stayed working ar walmart I have a raise, a bonus, and a discount. That would have been great to have right now
in Walmart and every time my dad tells me to look at something he throws it at my face🙄😂
Some ppl have no choice bcuz they live in a rural area w/nothing else around but this is who they are 
I wore really tall heels with cat to Walmart and it was super awkward but at least i looked good 
Girl probably smells like the dang fresh produce section at Walmart after this💀 
Why is WalMart always so fucking packed 😒
 CrazyNerdyCool thx! Walmart like you said. My makeup collection looks weak af 😓
there's a man at this walmart with 2 dead deer in the back of his truck..... tennessee, I have not missed you at all
Told myself to buy a gift while at Walmart again. Bought myself popcorn 😂
I hate coming to Walmart with my mom specially when I don't need to buy anything 🙄
Wore my  patriots pj bottoms to Walmart, couldn't tell if the dirty looks from ppl were judging me or just hatin 😂  PatsNation 🏈❤️💙 NEvsNYJ
"You said you were going to the store, not Walmart" -my mom
 maxthegirl When? On the board of Walmart? When she had ties to multiple CONVICTED human-traffickers?  TheCorporatePresident  HillaryClinton
Going to Walmart is just like " I need this " all the time!
I liked a  YouTube video HAUNTED WALMART & TOYS R US
That moment you need to go to Walmart, but it is raining and don't feel like going out in the rain 😑
just saw a walmart  blessed
 danisnotonfire Look what I found in the imported foods section of Walmart here in the USA!!!! I'm so excited to tr… 
The holiday cookies and popcorn in the tin cans at Walmart are love💕💕
Rue 21 has the shittiest clothes. 
They're like Walmart's wannabe ghetto cousin, lmao.
So I swallow my pride and schlep over to the local Wally-world, and they don't have any rakes. Like leaves don't fall in Nov.
Fuckin Walmart
 sjfostersound I actually think the WalMart Marketside pizzas are quite decent. They aren't frozen... but just as easy to unwrap and bake :)
Pull up to my trap nigga we serve you like its walmart
Join me for a Live Broadcast tomorrow from 4 until 6pm  in Pass Christian at the Walmart!  Bring  by a New... 
Holy F!!! Kk so the Kanan was from Toysrus but then BoeingM! Major score at Walmart and there was no… 
 HippieJess419 Walmart was having a sale on them when I went 🎄❄️
I liked a  YouTube video from  melanie_4france Walmart Shoppers Fight Over Last Case Of Water Before Hurricane
I liked a  YouTube video from  Raging_Dad Raging Kid Rages In Walmart Over League Of Legend!!: via  YouTube
 K_DubFresh probably! i got this big bottle for like less  6 at WalMart though
WALMART EMPLOYEES LIE TO ME RANT!!: via  YouTube
 Walmart 'offer the item?' I already purchased it from you at 5am! This isn't to make things right- this is to simply run a reputable shop!
We literally just got home and my mom asks if I want to go to Walmart but I have hw, but I'm still gonna go😂
 treeofASSpen I'm too good for a Walmart pillow Aspen :/
 AidanSZN  FatKidDeals Walmart ❗️
Walmart Deals 11/27/16 | Diapers Included | Searching Deals For You: via  YouTube
Channel vs Walmart 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Muskego, WI 
 adamcarolla  GinaGrad  BaldBryan had to snake sewer line in back yard. Improvised rubber boots/Walmart bags. Tales… 
When you're all up in the Christmas spirit until you go Black Friday shopping and get attacked by rabid beasts over… 
Just waited 10 mins for someone to add more photo paper to the printer at Walmart. Paid extra for "instant" prints.
Let's go Pirates let's give back and earn some community service hours.   Walmart Supercenter… 
my dad just tried buying me unicorn slippers at walmart, i asked why and he said "your life is a big fairytale"
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <iTm5> 
Best Cyber Monday Deals 2016: Target, Walmart, iPhone, Travel, and More 
Clearly  bdon_4 and I were standing in line at Walmart, but clearly our two items was less important than her 40...
I'm not even joking when I say a car actually bumped me in the Walmart parking lot because they were on their phone
Just saw a man with a pet monkey at Walmart
Jus had this conversation with a friend of mine in Walmart sad but true   BIG ORANGE :: Midtown 
i go to walmart
 ROBLOX
When you go to Walmart to get your tv, take it home, set it up, & the display looks like a spiderweb 🙃
Dad just gave me his debit card to go to Walmart and buy stuff for my fish, I think he likes his grandson more than me  badmom
 treeofASSpen grandma is buying me a pillow at Walmart lol   my life 😩
 Walmart is a JOKE! They display EVERY rap, pop or country album but not the new Metallica album when they're the biggest band in the world.
 happyloner  DrJillStein There are also people who shop at Walmart. :(
 Kroger  Walmart  Meijer GCs give families a holiday meal to celebrate! Donate today 124 Westpark Rd, Cville… 
Me walking by all the red Christmas buckets outside of Walmart for the next month. 
Amateur Girl Flashing Her Boobs In Walmart 
Really grooving to this Hannah Montana Christmas playlist bumping in Walmart right now
 utr_sports_talk yet the Walmart alumni are the most rabid, hard to understand
I'm at  Walmart in Carnegie, PA 
 PRT  Specials  Thermos The Rock Beverage Bottle 
honey and health books  1 highest rating The Healing Powers of  Honey
scrumptious healthy r… 
I turned in someone's phone at Walmart today I'm a good person
Don't sleep on single items at Walmart or any discount stores! I bought everything separate and… 
Shout out to  Walmart Nixa, MO- great customer service and friendly folks working in the  holiday department today! 
 Nitrous_Gaming Companies like McD's/Walmart make billions on the backs of workers. They can afford to give raises.  YourAnonNews
K Michelle I don't know that Walmart employee on the right 
This lady gave me a heart attack at Walmart when she tapped on my window but she was just trying to sell tamales
 questionhound  4.48 for all this? seems more like a great idea to come to walmart hungry, no?
 ColleenB123  AVoiceForKids I 👏🏼 WILL 👏🏼 WEAR 👏🏼 THAT 👏🏼 DRESS 👏🏼 TO 👏🏼 WALMART 👏🏼
Y'all this old ass man in Walmart questioning me. Talm bout you look young baby how old are you?
 65Font We're working w/Nintendo on opportunities to offer the item. We're constantly updating our inventory, please check back later -Ati
 _xKweenKay Walmart is about as shitty as it gets
 brownnkim not even at Walmart I hear weird stuff like that 😂😂
We payed Walmart prices for our O line, and it shows.  SEAvsTB  gohawks 
Zoe mushed my head like 3 times in Walmart when I was tryna kiss her. In a "foh wit that gay shit" kinda way ☹️
  Walmart 
Me: only buy what you came for, we can't spend a lot 
Me to me: throw it in the cart. You need everythin… 
I saw Larry at Walmart and screamed free Larry he said "oh hello"
when you send your brother and chinese exchange student in walmart  by themselves 
Best Holiday Timesaver -->  ad  Holidayswithbetty
Mans was so happy he got ultra boost, cool, but why you gotta send my son back in that granimals shit(Walmart)?
The infamous Walmart 
 GetInTheKitchin went from pumpkin to pine.  3 at Walmart
 DolfoVelasquez  Thatniggahmario bitch I'm at Walmart right now, pull up
I just checked in at Walmart Neighborhood Market with  mPLUSPlaces Download today!  
 ColleenB123  AVoiceForKids MEMEMEMEME I WANT THE DRESS I WILL WEAR IT TO WALMART 
 Luke_CurlyFries just meet me behind the trash cans at Walmart
 Oumar_McNasty got my pie? Or do I need to get my own? Heading to Walmart now 😇
I waited in Walmart almost three hours to get my tire changed. It was done in ten minutes but I ignored their text. Fuck me.
Why jimmy pesto jr from bobs burgers dress like he work at Walmart lol
Never come to Walmart hungry 
Best way to play with toy cars. 🚙🚕🚗🏎🚓  jude  walmart  markvillemall  markham   Markville Mall 
 FatKidDeals  FYI  RokuPlayer Express + for 25.00 at  Walmart  blackfriday still available. Normally 39.00… 
Win A  165 Walmart Gift Card! 
A random old man at walmart just came up to me and told me that i was beautiful and that i had a lovely smile. My heart is melting
Walmart’s Cyber Monday sale kicks off right now – here are Sunday’s best deals 
 karenjbailey shit ahah I was thinking like one from Walmart ahah go with the bed lmao 💀
 Walmart Thanks.  I'll keep my eyes peeled 🙉
I took pics of someone and she went to Walmart to print them & they didn't let her   first bc they thought it was a pro copy-written photo👌🏻
 jhickman3686 I already went to Walmart and got butane fluid dammit 😂😂
walked into walmart and mistletoe is on, my day is made
*at walmart* 
Bubba:" let's go get a toy" 
Mhm ok 😂
Good one walmart 
The most random thing to me is the fact that the Walmart in Islandia has a nail salon inside of it.
Talked everyone into coming to walmart
 ColleenB123 "is it an emoji" "how do I do it" GO AWAY YOURE OLD AND I WANT THE DRESS ILL WEAR IT TO WALMART ILL PR… 
I love the smell of Walmart's outdoor center
PHOTOS:  Walmart's top toys for 2016 - 
Wal-mart has a Patti Pir SHRINE
COME THRU PATTI!
 walmart  patti 
so anyway i got arrested in the sports section of walmart *fingerguns*
WALMART!!  9  Survival Saw Review

Jets pushing the patriots around harder than black friday shoppers at walmart at 2am
 jamiegibbsx Good to see you, Jamie! Did you check your e-mail's Inbox and Spam folders for communication about it? -June
i'm in walmart casually looking at pop tarts & i look up & see riff raff 😂🤘🏽
 jHayyynnneeesss they're only like 5 or 10 dollars out at Walmart lol and they last for forever
 sparks_mike If it's a plastic gift card,the numbers are below the silver scratch-off area. Online gift cards   and PIN are in the email-Ati
 hammock_megan I just told my parents I would go to Walmart for them(& I hate Walmart) so I don't have to do it😊
 LauraWhite34 correction* it's the People of Walmart that make it the worst store 🤔.
WHY THE FUCK ARE YOU TALKING TO NIGGAS AT WALMART  
Shopping at Walmart cuz I have to <
Had a great ride with my mountain biking pal... now it's off to Starbucks with Henry. And to Walmart for coffee storage!  GiddyUp
 So_Delicious also how come Walmart doesn't carry your brand??
 Walmart I walked 3 miles just for some shit that is basically harmless and I can't fucking get it???????? 👋🖕
Walmart trash now 
This girl just pulled a cheeseburger out of her purse at Walmart! 😂 oh people of walmart always find a way to amuse me.  cheeseburger  wtf
A Little Walmart Cringe: via  YouTube
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in American Canyon, CA 
Come on out to the Anthem Walmart for the next 3 weekends and support our Annual Holiday Toy Drive. All toys... 
 CazAglets I'm cackling in this Walmart
Th Walmart cashier put my beta fish in a plastic bag and idk what she was thinking
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats I love as gifts!  ad 
You're not cool unless you wear your safety glasses into Walmart
It's supposed to be borderline hurricane weather here tomorrow, def just hit up Walmart and got mad snacks for the occasion LOL
 Christmas spirit only seen in a  Walmart parking lot.  HoHoHo 
 growinguppoor u have to get leggings from Walmart
Apparently,  Walmart hires rude as can be people in their flower department...wtf?
In Walmart w/ my Aunty and uncle and an old man starts speaking Filipino saying I'm pretty. 😹I'm flattered.
my sister just asked if she would be judged for wearing shorts to walmart and my dad said "thots have no weather"
I stopped by Walmart at 2am this morning to buy a pizza cutter. That's all I needed.

I wound up spending about  65… 
There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart!  TeamSnuggle 
 GotItFree There's a Snuggle Exhilarations scent for everyone. Which is your favorite? Get yours at  Walmart today!  TeamSnuggle
Walmart is playing the Jonas Brothers❤️👍🏼
 iamninixo_ I was at Walmart checking out & I was thinking I'd get some waffle fries got to the traffic light& remembered/saw they're closed
I'm in Walmart in ox banging this Ventura tee getting dirty looks lol
Roger from Walmart 💰🍞🤓 
aint no such thing as running in & out of walmart. idc if you buying a sprite, it takes atleast 30 minutes.
Hey  Walmart is today Come Out of a Coma Sunday?
 Walmart (3) not getting a text or email. Using black FRI as an excuse unacceptable. If bestbuy can do it you should do it too
HELP YOUR MATTRESS FEEL NEWER ✨✨AGAIN 💰✨ 
My mom just told me in Walmart to start finding my own place. Thanks will do 😊😊😊
or just go to walmart and buy one 
Longest I ever been in Walmart !!
McDonalds and Walmart: Pay your employees a decent wage  moveon
Walmart is playing the Jonas Brothers loud rn. My heart is content.
I was honestly debating buying charizard slippers in Walmart today
Walmart wasn't ready 
Not sure how to dress for our year-round, outdoor training? Check out our TEAM guidelines. Good gear can be found… 
I liked a  YouTube video 🎄Christmas decor haul Part 1 Zgallerie Hobby Lobby Walmart Dollar Tree
No time for the husband bench today. (  Walmart in Yorkton, Saskatchewan) 
Witnessed a bloodcurdling shoeless nervous breakdown at Walmart. So it must be officially Christmastime!
 GULLYKING82  V__Dez I got that wwe 2k17 for 25 bucks at Walmart man... blackfridayshopping 🙌🏽
This is Cyber Monday 2016  CyberMonday 
 BrettSmithJr Walmart
Fuck  Walmart
Are like my snapchats not getting to anyone or do you have Walmart connection? Lol
lol Walmart really don't sell concealer for dark skin girls.
when you're dressed like a person of Walmart & get dirty looks from actual people of Walmart.  KillinIt 👌🏼😂
When you stock toys at Walmart and your in an aisle and your music on your phone goes off and it's randy Ortons theme lol whoops
Walmart's Cyber Monday sale kicks off right now – here are Sunday's best deals - BGR… 
 Walmart  fuck u
 Walmart (2) asked why I didn't get an email, they weren't sure. Only positive is that my order was ready for pick up despite not getting
 isCocoo walmart :)
fiance & I will be in philly & the main event is visiting walmart bc this lucky man has managed to avoid it his entire life up to this point
the  BlackFriday Shopping statistics should tell retailers like  Walmart that they need to sell everything in the store online and  Ship  It
I'm at walmart in irving in case somebody wanna come fight me
Have you seen my vid!? What  ChapStick combos would you  MixMatchAttach? 💋 Check out  ChapStickDUO at Walmart!  ad 
Going to Walmart cuz somehow I'm missing every single pack of turkey burger I bought grrr  … 
Oh my, I just realized, Walmart is the whole America in a nutshell.
I love when  Walmart employees don't charge me for bags 😂👏🏻
Buy a sub from Walmart then go into Subway and ask if you can use their toaster
 Walmart (1) spoke w/person   customer service, told 2 check with pick up counter. Spoke to person   pick up, said they processed order late
 r33d27 Walmart
 candacecbure  hallmarkchannel when it will be at Walmart
I saw it in Walmart and had to get it! My little mini fridge! 
i think i just choked on a fly ive been coughing for 10 minutes at walmart i love being smart
i picked the wrong day to get some shampoo and conditioner from walmart
just had a walmart associate lie to my face.

said they didn't have SD card readers so I walked straight to the area, got it.

hold this L
It's that time of the year where you can't go to Walmart for one simple thing without it taking forever & running into half of Oakwood 🙃
Over Walmart niggas
Insten 52mm Front Lens Cap Hood Cover Snap-on with cord for Nikon Canon Pentax Sony  [ Save 75% ]  Walmart 
I say it every time I'm at Walmart or the mall 
Omw to walmart for kitty litter but it's probably going to turn into a personal shopping spree 😄😁
 PokeCardAddict dude check Walmart I saw some on black Friday
*burns fifty calories and hatches two Pokémon eggs searching for my mom in Walmart*
Been at Walmart since 1 if anyone cares
I need to go to incredible toy and Walmart and big five and ugh why can't their be 5 of me
 TanookiKuribo  Walmart Why would you NOT box a 3DS??
I hate going to the store by myself, somebody wanna go to target with me or walmart 😔
 ObeyPanther buy them and take a pic with em and I'll go into walmart and go on the store mic and say subscribe to obey panther
i was holding an hour glass in walmart & this kid came up to me & was like "WOAH COOL!!" LFMSKDKEKD
A Texas man was fatally shot after he tried to stop a man from beating a woman in a Walmart parking lot on Friday. 
 jd0gman   TChuggington going to toys r us and then MY like 6th location of Walmart. Plzzzz 4 packs
Some old man walking through Walmart just yelled "merry Christmas everybody" at the top of his lungs!!😂😂😂
We Shopped. We dropped.  Walmart  DogsOfTwitter  Shopaholics  Dog 
 tndh2016  toyzndahood2016  stonemountainhighschool  piratesgiveback   Walmart Supercenter Stone… 
❄️ Make your home merry and bright this year! Shop décor: 
 _VioletDusk_ All my graphics are made in Canva. But I also have a cute planner I bought from Walmart. 
I only like coming to Walmart after 12, this shit be so packed like wtf?
How does Walmart make up for the minimum wage increase? By no longer paying extra on holidays. Go team Walmart.
 lexiskye13 we couldn't find any at Walmart either! We had do go to petsmart. It's so funny when they walk
HUGE BLACK FRIDAY DEALS NOW ON AMAZON!  target  walmart  furniture  kardashian  dress  dresses  shirts
 walmart Your sweetened condensed milk isn't as condensed as it used to be. thrown off my fudge recipes majorly  christmas  buyers beware
  my irls when I'm the only one with money and they wanna shop at Walmart and I wanna go Westfield mall 
 lizzzblair Walmart didn't have them so we're waiting till we get back to midland to get some, I'm honestly so excited 2 c what she'll do😂
 BSBnSPNFan Haha, yeah--one of you told me Walmart didn't have a firehat--cuz they suck.  We showed them the cake t… 
 htxbosslady Not bad for  7.50 at  Walmart
10. The s6-7-8 casts vs the cast now are like Chanel v Walmart the most irrelevant people are the ones left or being featured its 🙄
I'm thinking of getting a gel/memory foam mattress.  Does anyone have one?  Thoughts?  
 cruzerrr308 arent they 200+ at Walmart
Hate standing in Walmart lines with a passion
Been in walmart for like an hour trying to get Masons new phone. Kill me 😅
When the guy at Walmart thinks lexis trying to steal gingerbread houses  tistheseason
Running to Walmart to grab a few items to meal prep for the week and dinner for tonight. Washing my hair, braiding it &going back to sleep
Just ran into Dusty at Walmart. Damn. He's doing well.
Going to Walmart you see faces you don't wanna see lol I go later tonight
At Walmart RN 
Walmart makes me feel like I'm bear 🤔
 MaddowBlog Hi Rachel I'm an associate at Walmart who just worked Thanksgiving and the day after. Which they no longer give holiday pay for.
Gluten free soap at WalMart!  glutenfree  celiac  skincare 
WQAD: No actual aloe vera found in aloe gels from Walmart, Target, CVS: study 
 helluvaStella1  nilerodgers  CHICorg  Walmart me too!   LeFreakCestChic
Great deal from Walmart. Jackets & Sweaters from  7! Get  cashback   Walmart by using
download, register, log in.
Walmart Beauty Box |  FAIL Hey Ya'll!! This was supposed to be a happy, exciting, encouraging post; but I feel DU 
A little kid was following me at Walmart so my first instinct was to walk a little faster to get away from it 😂
 AlottaAra there is a website where you can check the stock that walmart or target has
 trnrtips go to Walmart you'll get one
 Walmart I searched in the Toy department but couldn't find it.
Walmart is always full of crazy shoppers on Sundays!
It Be The FINEST Shorties In WalMart . It Can Be MERCHED .
Check out this item in my Etsy shop  BlackBusiness  blackvoices  BFHSNetwork  KLPC  BabiesRUs   Walmart  Gifts
I wish we all lived with the attitude like the customers at Walmart. Doest care what people think about us.
I swear I basically live at Walmart
Psa- don't send me to Walmart because I end up buying the cat Christmas presents when I haven't bought my family anything yet 🙃😂
No actual aloe vera found in aloe gels from Walmart, Target, CVS: study - 
No actual aloe vera found in aloe gels from Walmart, Target, CVS: study 
Wife bends over and offers up her pussy in the hardware store.  girlsflashing  FlashinginPublic 
Dyson Small Ball Multi-Floor Upright Vacuum, 213545-01  Dyson  Upright  Vacuum 
 Walmart We support!! Followback 😃
At Walmart:  Natrel® - Save  1.00   mailcoupons  onlinecoupons  save.ca  save.ca  save.ca  walmart - 
I feel like going to Walmart and starting Christmas shopping
I just survived a pilgrimage to Walmart ... now I need a Drambuie
 Just_a_Texan Checotah Walmart is probably going to be your best chance.
 KEEMSTAR  zoieburgher  Baited_Podcast Whooty = Walmart Hoe (WH) ooty  WHooty switched with Booty therefore... She is a Walmart Hoe
 ReTweet  BabyFood  Gerber 2nd Foods Chicken and Chicken Gravy Baby 
Anytime I go into any Walmart I never cease to be amazed.
Why is it so easy to lose your mom in Walmart
 Best  Toy  Transformers Revenge Of The Fallen Scout Class Windy City Chase Walmart MISB 
Dawg some lady just ran over my damn ankle with a cart in Walmart and didn't say sorry like she almost took me out w no apology??? Kk
Literally in Walmart like my son got this this this this this 😫 wtf am I gone gettttt
I'm sad and I want to go buy Christmas decorations at Walmart to make myself feel better  whyimbroke
K running to Walmart & decided to take the boy so I could have quiet for a bit. Much appreciated. Even bought bday wrapping paper.
walmart is whack
Chanel vs Walmart 
Of course somebody at Walmart complimented me on my pickup truck   holiday decorations.  Only at Wallyworld!!!!   L… 
Walmart bound✌🏻️🌞
 Kamille12_ lets go....... to...... walmart 😭😭😭
jasmine said the walmart restrooms here are boujie
This little girl just stole some grapes from WalMart 😂💀
 CollectCantina  yak_face this isn't the Walmart exclusive right? It's the one with the blue on his chest correct? 
 patamusprime did you try Walmart?
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to pu. the back-uain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 Briannepuryear up beside china dream. Up by walmart
 TanookiKuribo We're sorry your order was damaged. Please let us know at so we can make it right. -Carole
Walmart had a 40 inch smart tv on sale for  125 but I gotta be responsible 😓
Pretty pumped about getting this video from Walmart of whoever fucked w/ my car😊
 Walmart Got an email this morning saying my order was picked up. I have not been to the store to pick it up yet.
Order  6021691-415006
 _manny710 I get mine at the indoor swapmeet, but idk if Walmart has it only online
 dilvish_damned We’re working on resolving reported issues and will get back to you as soon as we can. -Ati
 Walmart saw a good deal on your website but now the website won't work so looks like we're both missing out right now
Walmart is the real life incarnation of a pee shiver.
Walmart is crushing Target in one crucial way (Walmart, TGT)  TrumpTransition  PresidentElectTrump  MAGA  Privacy
Sugar Cookie Ice Cream  recipe and other delicious  recipes     dessert   icecream  ad… 
 Iconix22 Hi Steve. Our policy is Ad Match (not price match). Please visit our site to learn more : 
There's a guy with a nose flute playing Silent Night in Walmart why
I'll  feelbetterfromtoptobottom when I win this  walmart gift card from  bekahchica! 
 andreassoridis  Ironwand But hey in KK's defense, prepubescent virgin children's blood keeps a gal looking young, coming soon to Walmart.
The cashier at Walmart asked me if this was my first Christmas in the states 😂😂😂 I'm dead
Walmart 💕
Im sure you guys had to make a special trip past Walmart to come into work and buy your bottle of water through my line
Never have I ever had a positive experience at Walmart. KroGucci 4 life.
if you come to Walmart and you aren't on meth ...... wyd ???
If you EVER think you gettin' in and out of Walmart, cancel that shit, man.
 PurgatoryHC  thabbscrvb  Walmart josh did it
I have a knack for always picking the slowest lines in Walmart 😑  always
Going to Walmart looking homeless, maybe someone will give me money
There is nothing more ratchet than the Walmart in Kenosha
Whole Foods is copying Walmart to try and get rid of its 'whole paycheck’ image  privacy Christmas  webdev
 Toyzndahood  TNDH16  stonemountainhighschool   Walmart Supercenter Stone Mountain 
 redheaded1 
Dirt cheap at Walmart. But actually bottom not magnetic SS so can't use this induction stove. Cafe' co… 
kroger has stupid idiots same as walmart 🙃
the people u see in walmart are truly one of a kind
 femalehobbyist Walmart...aisle 15 😄😄
 Walmart Your store in Bakersfield Ca on Gosford road is withholding stock of Nintendo Classic Minis so store employees can purchase them.
 Walmart I purchased a TV and it was significantly damaged I was told it cannot be replaced, since it was a Black Friday deal. Can you help?
Ordered floor jack from  Walmart 11/22. Promised 11/25. Not here & your support rep tells me to reorder for 11/30 pickup & disconnects  Fail
HP All-In-One Printer, Just  19 at Walmart!!!! 
Came to Walmart to get to things... smh why is my basket full
 qtguy they built a new Walmart only a half mile away so it's tooo convenient
"There's like a million cart corrals but I'm just gonna put my cart next to this  car" - collective thought of seve… 
All my children going to Walmart 
 saracentury  CocoDavies Yes,writers have heavily influenced Walmart.
 LongLiveGrover idk if you guys have the store I got em at. I'm sure Walmart or target has cheap ones!
Oh Walmart.
Thank god it's acceptable to go to Walmart without a bra on
Lady at Walmart asked for my ID too when my bro was buying himself wine. Can't a 23 yr old man get barefoot moscato w/o being questioned???
DUDE FUCK WALMART
Walmart so crowded g
 madisondout  polaurexpresss no come work at walmart lauren we have fun there 😂😂😂 isn't that right  EliyahWilson
I received  3 Walmart Gift Card.  instagc  free  giftcard 
 Katiee1311 work at Walmart
 campbellkaylee1 Stay tuned! We won't be shy about letting everyone know about the latest from the Pioneer Woman as soon as we can. -Ati
i'm so petty 😭 i walk in fazolis w my walmart uniform on they mad 😂😭😭
I'm walking in Walmart and my grandma said "girl I can't wait till all this shit goes on sale"
2am. Walmart. Black Friday. 
I'm now the Duchess of Walmart on  Yelp! 
 Walmart why in the world would you sell wrapping paper that TAPE DOESNT STICK TO?
 polaurexpresss  EliyahWilson walmart is hiring
 abbiegrace__ can I get em at Walmart??
Im liking this vest I picked at for 10.00 warm & cheap.
Excuse me  inexpensive 
 KateBarnes_xoxo honestly i really like the Milani liquid. can get it at walmart.  8. lasts you awhile. you knoooow i have sensitive skin
 TheEmuEmi oh I've seen this! Apparently Walmart is the new amazon because they allow users to sell stuff on their site now
I need a speaker in my room, I probably go to Walmart to get a few things after I'm done my hair
 PRT  BabyFood  Sprout Organic Fruit and Veggie Blend Pear Kiwi and 
 Walmart and these holiday commercials are always on point!  LefreakbyChic  oldschool
WALMART 10GB INDUSTRIAL |  WalmartFamilyMobile 
Never get your oil changed at Walmart. Literally a waste of  37 😡😡😤
been to walmart twice today ... smh
i'm laughing so hard at this. you go, walmart. 
All the bitches in Walmart
Walmart marketing the right way 😂😂😂😂 
Went to Walmart for cooling pad. Left sans pad but with an Alien DVD collection. Oops.
 AShartzer13  JSchneiderAMN Yes. I think I'm going to make "People of Walmart" this year's prom theme
Walmart Strikes Again. WTF Stuff That You Only See At Walmart 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart!!;;,!!''';;


 rockertbh two kids in Walmart last night were freaking out starring at my girlfriend also we're looking at condoms and laughing
Walmart is annoying asf if the price is 20  you could do cash instead of a fucking gift card. Tryna make sure a bitch come back nshit. 🙄
 TheEmuEmi The Walmart website is like Amazon in how 3rd party sellers can sell stuff. That's why it's outrageous lmao
I liked a  YouTube video from  mikeymanfs STREAKING IN WALMART! (Doing YOUR Dares!) (Streaking, Pranks,
 swbfit71 nah, perusing People of Walmart
 polaurexpresss  EliyahWilson walmart 😂
This is true. Americans working at Walmart need assistance from social programs to feed & house their families. It'… 
Trying to decide if blue raspberry candy canes are worth enough for a trip to Walmart 🤔
saw razo in the walmart parking lot and he said "did you get your license?" yeah razo.. ive had it for 7 months.. lol
 RaidxR why didn't u just go to walmart or bestbuy? I'm too pissed off to be waiting
Someone was walking out with a full rack of clothes unpaid here at walmart  ghetto
 Malvina_Vadoma  cosmam tried Walmart, Target, and Lowes.
me: i'm just running to walmart really quickly to grab 2 things

inner me: beat your fuckin face cause you never kn… 
When you see people from school at Walmart. 
You Will Not Believe This Walmart Security Camera Footage 
Merry Xmas from Walmart 
Walmart's hot wings are the best
My child is obsessed with going to Walmart 😂😂
Walmart is having trouble delivering all those NES Classic Editions 
 Walmart  I am cheated on Blackfriday, No stock but order confirmed? Other deals are gone now, what should i do?… 
Which would be cool and all except it's a fucking Walmart parking lot. Yeah man I'm gonna hop in your truck let's do this
 walmart linden store has the rudest customer service supervisors ever!!!! If she didn't feel like (cont) 
How to tell it's hunting season in Walmart 
I'm crying of laughter at  JoeSantagato  videos "People Of Walmart Pt 6" and "The Weirdest Laws In The USA Pt 5" 😂 I feel the abs growing 😂
Yo who works at target or Walmart ? Pls dm
Need an excuse to play with my new makeup, so I'm going to contour just to go to Walmart. Sounds about right.
So I'm walking through the Walmart parking lot and some dude yells out of his car asking if I need tattoo work done
 RoseForEmilyy damn. Good thing I didn't buy it for Black Friday at Walmart... they still wanted  250!
 TNDH16  Toyzndahood  stonemountainhighschool  piratesgiveback   Walmart Supercenter Stone Mountain 
walmart money center blows me!🙄🙄
i can understand why you went from gucci to walmart.... your broke ass couldn't afford gucci if you sold your soul.
My grandma is currently doing a Facebook live stream from Walmart..
I just used Punchcard at Walmart Supercenter, and won 30 Points! WOO HOO!!
Someone in this Walmart sprayed there whole life with Cologne I stamp I can even. Breathe.. real shit tho sneezing an shit Damn 💁🏿‍♂️
Been hearing  LeFreak by  nilerodgers  CHICorg in  Walmart TV ads. "Aah, freak out..."
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <G2f]> 
 Tevin__G Walmart
Hey, guys.
Went to Walmart and saw this.  Shock to see no Cesaro, no Finn Balor, no AJ Styles.… 
Which Walmart I need this 🤔😂😂 
Businwss at Walmart is going to be slow tom.rrow. :(
Set up the live tree, fills base with water... it leaks everywhere. Walmart here we come, for the second time today 🙄😑
 jeffdeguia_ Walmart
 EliseWeatherly you forgot the parking lot of the Walmart on Huffington Mill after 8pm
 Money__Monroe let's go fuck shit up at Walmart. Don't be scuuuurred
I'm at Walmart Novo Hamburgo 
 kassflan16 Rem and Ruger LOVE nike sports bras, not my cheap Walmart ones
In Walmart 🙄
Mom is walking through Walmart looking rachett and she goes "don't make eye contact with anyone we know." Can't deal with her😂
 PRT  CarSeat  phil LATCH Base for Protect and Alpha Infant Car Seat Black 
:  CyberMonday  Target - The Best Cyber Monday Deals to get Sunday at Target,  Best Buy,… 
My uncle just told me today he thinks my degree is worthless and he expects me to work   walmart after graduation 🙃  supportive  blessed
Rosia: Once in a public bathroom at Walmart. Carolann: However, when he says that although he does still think of… 
Brothers Busted For Walmart Dirtbike "Prank" | The Smoking Gun via  tsgnews
Battlefield 1 (PS4 or Xbox One)  27 + Free Store Pickup 
3) It's not that obnoxious Cadbury Twitter guy "scaring" random people in a Walmart. 
 Walmart is sending me every email, except the one that has my e-gift card refund.
Walmart playing that old school shit today. 😊
 tantricsamantha that's terrible did you call the Walmart over here I'll drive it to your house if they have them over here
 heidicullinan We're in the car now ready to go to Walmart and Sam's Club...in the rain. I'm whining too. Damn adulting. It's overrated.
PSA NO ONE GO TO WALMART, their entire system is down registers are all down and they can't even check people out
Getting none food (at  Walmart Supercenter in Albuquerque, NM) 
S/O to the lady saying have a jolly holiday when u enter Walmart you too boo you too😝
SIMON IM GETTING THIS FRAMED. IM COMING TO WALMART SO YOU CAN SELL A PICTURE FRAME TO ME 
Walmart is disrespectful 
I'm so done with the Walmart commercial with the screaming kids. Making me change the channel every 5 minutes. 😡  soannoying
When you're trying to print pictures at Walmart for Christmas and your boyfriends Santa hat nudes pop up on the screen 🙃
If you're at Walmart north right now and you can hear someone singing loudly along to KD Lang Constant Craving, it's totally me.
I feel like SA stores are the Walmart of convenience stores and Holiday is the Target. Now...Kwik Trip is like Macy's!!
hoping they have touch lights at Walmart next time  lol  darkroom  howdouturnthison  lmfao
I liked a  YouTube video from  aldoworld (CREEPY!) 24 HOUR OVERNIGHT WALMART FORT ⏰ | CHASED BY SCARY
Sorry for not tweeting about NFL Game Day. I had my Thanksgiving with my family. I will get caught up tonight. I have tomorrow off  Walmart
I Just Cashed Out At Walmart 😂🤘🏾💸
Tried to google map the W and I clicked on Walmart lmao
I work with the most soft hearted people at Walmart my nigga. Shit annoying af.
SING BY MCR IS PLAYING AT WALMART WHAT
literally just saw the love of my life in walmart man
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Hartford, WI 
I have lost my mom at Walmart. SOS.
Tip of the day: don't bring your bunny in walmart or some drunk man will chase you down to see it
 Pouyalilpou just saw you in Walmart
Going to walmart did in fast use up my last shred of motivation and I spent all afternoon looking at Narumitsu fanart and fic
 juliaswannn especially at Walmart!!!!
 PS4Slim I just got today from the  Walmart  blackfriday 👌💵💵💯😏👐 
MEGUIAR'S POWER SYSTEM TOOL: ONLY  38.99: <-- This EXACT same item is  39.88 at Walmart;... 
Y'all gay as hell I'm boycotting Walmart 
This week in the war on workers: Walmart loses  54 million wage theft lawsuit  StopRush  UniteBlue  p2
Last time I was in this Walmart they were playing panic! & now they're playing 5sos and I'm emo
My life is about as organized as the 5  DVD bin at Walmart
❤❤ Fashion  Celebrity 【LAST ONE】Kelly Clarkson Wrapped In Red Walmart Exclusive  CD+ DVD New Sealed… 
I just spent the past 20mins walking around Walmart parking lot trying to find my car, convinced that someone stole it lmao
Marijuana gold rush? Walmart of Weed? Not so fast - The Boston Globe 
Wal-Mart has Mobil One Synthetic 5 quart jugs on sale for  20.  Walmart  mobilone
CYBER WEEK  walmart SLEEP BETTER for LESS 💰💰💰💲59 MATTRESS HELPER ♻️🎄💚 only  comfortable… 
ITS ACTUALLY FUCKING REAL
*forever whines* WHERE CAN I GET SOME CLEAR GLUE OTHER THAN WALMART IN CANADA
I need to go to Walmart
I've had to come to Walmart too many times on this trip.
 Walmart's rockin' my man  nilerodgers now?  🎸    groundgame
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in La Mirada, CA 
i think i might go to walmart again and get some eggs, bananas and apples but idk
 Rosie  YouTube Concatenate a few full-length mirrors ( 7.99 each at Walmart) - what an amazing opportunity to bring attention to  ugbesity
i'm so irritable that i almost just told the lady in walmart who was talking to stfu
 AllenCramer Thank you for alerting the store manager. We appreciate your feedback so we can improve. -Carole
Oh Walmart 
 Google  Walmart's Cyber Monday sale kicks off right now  here are Sunday's best 
Walmart made  132B in profit last year—but can't afford to give its workers 6 paid sick days a year 
Ma: Sean, im going to get lights for the tree.
Me: Okay, love you.
Ma: Ya and Walmart too.
 IdrisAlternatAc LOOK 
 FatKidDeals That Madden Walmart deal still going?
I need to go to Walmart but I don't see myself leaving my house right now or even later
Melissa rounded up 10 gifts from Walmart that every family will love. Best part? Each gift… 
Walmart has me fucked up rn 😩
Seen a car get repoed here at Walmart. Now we waiting for the people to come out to see their reactions.  Cheapguys
I got a compliment on my Seahawks jersey in Walmart  weare12
 lizziegluck just get a 3ft tree at walmart or sum shit and put it in the corner of your room and decorate it. shit looks cool and is fun
I was in seaford Walmart as I was tweeting that bud 😉😉 
Nah shit I got to Walmart buy myself jux to get her pads 
That is amazing news!  Fries are excited to hear the love from all over the world. Buy  FullOfEvenMoreCheer at Walm… 
 Cowboy__Country  iowahawkblog  guardian diaper from where? Walmart? Online at some outlet store? Your house? Where? I could ask Santa Claus
Walmart's Cyber Monday sale kicks off right now - here are Sunday's best deals 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <cODy> 
walmart is selling mario and sonic at the olympic winter games for 198 dollars

what
 ad Stacking savings on my fave snack  oreo at  Walmart. Get your  OREOcookies... by  DiscoverSelf via  c0nvey
So, who is the genius that thought it would be wise to puf the baco-pain meds on the bottom shelf at Walmart?
 PolitiBunny  Corduroyalist lol I don't go there anymore haven't for a year don't miss it or Walmart or kohls. I shop all locally owned
I just got off in Walmart lmao
 Pinback  Bobble  Funko POP PINT SIZE HEROES ORANGE  Batman BLACK FRIDAY WALMART EXCLUSIVE BROWN  Store  Mall
 Sports  Cards MIAMI  Marlins 2016  Topps Holiday Walmart Snowflake COMPLETE TEAM SET (7)  Card… 
 TNDH16  Toyzndahood  piratesgiveback  walmart  stonemountainhighschool   Walmart Supercenter… 
 1FlyyPrincess thought you were too good for Walmart
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <I1L_> 
The people in Walmart move and look like zombies
saw the loml at walmart today.. and he will never know 😕😂😂
This looks like my local walmart or Target on any random day of the week.  
I'm gonna skate to Walmart
 razorbacksof6  Walmart yea highly disappointed was basically told we'll sign up and we'll tell u when it's available by then it's gone.
nexium coupons for walmart & generic nexium 20 mg & nexium dosage & nexium over the counter 
This lady in the walmart toy aisle asked Jazz if he needed help. He had to stop himself from going Ron Swanson.
that girl in walmart prolly thought i aint like her but she was just thick af and had me shook so i was starin
 HelpDeskAssoc walmart i love you for this
These 2 people in Walmart that met in line are talking like they're on a date hahaha always classy in Auburn
How is it that Walmart tweets are "unblock-able" on Twitter?!?
 stonemountainhighschool  piratesgiveback  Toyzndahood  TNDH16   Walmart Supercenter Stone Mountain 
Jesus, this white girl so thick. If I didn't look like I belong in Walmart I'd go talk to her.
Probably going to make one of those People of Walmart lists given my current attire
SLEEP BETTER for LESS 💰💰💰💲59 MATTRESS HELPER ♻️🎄💚 only  WALMART  comfortable… 
 Just_a_Texan Walmart is open until Midnight, but don't know if they have a mechanic on duty
Walmart is the worst store.
 Akdmcn if Microsoft just did joint promo with Walmart and push everything through there and the online store in 6mo no one would remember
I need to go to Walmart but I literally have zero energy😿. I don't think I ever been this sick😭
Does Walmart have a ‘growth’ team? 
 __ray97 those tacky ones from Walmart too, no getting out of it, poor you 😥 haha
¿Chanel vs Walmart?  janelimonada 
UNDER THE MISTLETOE IS CURRENTLY PLAYING IN WALMART AYE LITTT
I just used UberEats to place an order while driving on 85 lol Ima just have it delivered to the walmart right across the street lol
 PopularLoner73 you mean to tell me that you went to Walmart and didn't get any fruit snacks? 😳👀
Insten Clear LCD Screen Protector Film Cover For ZTE Warp Elite  [ Save 75% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals 
 defib4life I know Kenyan Middleton's grandma. She saw me wearing my Angel hoodie. She works at Walmart and she said hey my grandson..
You guys!  Walmart has powder coated Yeti knock-offs now -  7.74! My store also had red. These… 
LOOOOOOOL Literally tearing up in Walmart rn dude 😂 
I love the kind of movies you can find in K-mart/Walmart 
 Walmart yes I've called back and they put me on hold. I just want me pictures!
Walmart Ad Price Match List Highlights: 11/27 Dollar General Ad 
❤❤【LAST ONE】 KellyClarkson Wrapped In Red Walmart Exclusive  CD+ DVD New Sealed  Singer  Idol… 
Billy Kidd & Hillbilly Jedi rockin' Camping for Cans for the Second Harvest Food Bank. Please stop by the Walker Sp… 
 Walmart cashier said they accept competitor coupons but they couldn't accept mine bc it have the OG price. It was a man. cq sent by mejier
Never fails to see someone I know   Walmart lol
 Walmart when
 Walmart Thank you. My final question is when this sale will end?
Went into Walmart for hair dye and tanning stuff.. came out with two balls of yarn.  grandmalife  imstillgonnabeugly  fuckititswinter
The modern  KKK 
the institution responsible of racism in  america

 AVAETC 
 CocaCola 
 Walmart 
 USA… 
Item number: 20427

Girls Burn-off T-Shirt Stock
Branded as Walmart. Made for USA.
With good quality, late... 
Item number: 20427

Girls Burn-off T-Shirt Stock
Branded as Walmart. Made for USA.
With good… 
Love Walmart ❤️️😂 
Y'all can stay at Walmart  AnywhereButTARGET
Be on the lookout for twitter trivia and Instagram info this week.  This will be the last one before I draw for the Walmart gift card!
WALMART:  Google Home ONLY  99 (reg.  129!!) - 
 Funko POP! STAR WARS  RogueOne  SawGerrera 153  WalMart  Exclusive Brand New  eBay  funkopop  StarWars  ebay
I hate myself. A lady in Walmart just asked "Did y'all have a good thanksgiving?" And I said "thank you!!!"😵
walmart poppin rn
 SneaksnM just walmart
I swear I always gotta show my ass  Walmart 😤😡
Harvard Walmart has NES Classics.
 LoliSandwich  TheEmuEmi  MicDaMicrophone buy them at GameStop and sell them to Walmart
Hello if someone could recommend me some stylus that work on iPhone at Walmart I'd love you
Walmart Supercenter is rated gun-Friendly -Timnath Colorado-  2AFriendly  GunFriendly  GunRights  2A  Guns  NRA
i love my familia... my uncle was in walmart and he saw a dude in camo and said loudly "OH FUCK ALMOST DIDNT SEE U THERE"
 RaquelHirsch  DonDavies he got trampled to death at a Walmart trying to score a tv

just putting this out there
Save big at  Walmart on  Oreo with this deal! >>>  snackandsave... by  MomStart via  c0nvey
 Walmart the managers the one that said that.. Didn't care one bit
 Funko POP!  Heroes  BatmanVSuperman  Sepia WONDER WOMAN 86  Walmart  Exclusive NEW  eBay  funkopop  WonderWoman
Taking everything in me to go to Walmart. 😩
Walmart\'s Cyber Monday sale kicks off right now – here are Sunday\'s best deals - BG 
We out here, wildin' in Walmart. Also ootd 🤔🤔 
I really don't wanna go to Walmart smh
Preparing for Cyber Week shopping by going to Amazon,GameStop,Best Buy,Walmart,& Target online to get my holiday shopping search on. Lol
 Rach4Peace  SheaMoisture randomly found it at a beauty supply ive never seen it anywhere else like Walgreens or Walmart/Target
"You walk as slow as you look" -to the people at Walmart.
 pacific_wren  attilatheblond 

There's the fine print - can't you see it? Takes SCOTUS years to read this. But the… 
I wonder how much  Walmart is paying to run these ads back to back  and if the pay off is worth it. 

 ads  Marketing  selling  tv  holiday
This man walks up to Kye while we're in Walmart tells him merry Christmas and hands him  5
 AllysonHacker Can you share a few details so we can help? -Donna
[Walmart]Pre order deals.  49.69 for some up coming games 
Walmart smells
When you seen  alana_lovely in Walmart but she didn't see you 😂😫
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Virginia Beach, VA w/  dstraight1 
Lol Walmart got jokes 😂😭 
a collection of grainy screenshots from the time I met my wife while Black Friday shopping at Walmart with… 
MY SIMS. GAME WASN'T PAUSED THE ENTIRE TIME I WAS AT WALMART
"If he wants a Barbie, he can go buy one at Walmart."

- My friend about my other friend
 Cameron50845779 We apologize. Have you called back yet? Be sure to share this with the store management so they can assist you. -Carole
I hate Walmart but I'm going. I'm doing it.
Now don't get me wrong, I love me some Target, but there's nothing wrong with WalMart
My girl just hit me up & told me Walmart has sweatpants on sale for  8  FruitoftheLoom
I want to win a football party prize pack +  25 Walmart GC from   BeltwayBargain  PartyOnMom 
I stood with two workers until a spill was cleaned at Walmart and now we're gonna make gingerbread houses together:… 
Supposed to be otw to Walmart... meanwhile being driven to hell 😒🙏🏽
Why y'all so hard on WalMart? I love that store
How Walmart aims to get you through checkout faster this holiday season: 
 imstephenmiller I bought the 250 from Walmart on black Friday and got a 30  and I saw target had it for 250 and then I returned the ps4
Goes to Walmart to buy crocs but instead buys 25 boxes of Christmas lights 
 hotlikefiree__ both of them here she said love you too , im bout to run to Walmart you wanna come ?
 PS4  PS4Share  Gaming  Livebroadcasting [Screenshot] Found at my local Walmart r/PS4 
Really? People didn't spazz at Walmart! That's odd. 
 realSamuelEads Awesome, thanks for the update! We're always happy to help. -Donna
There's a guy in the Walmart parking lot with a mini amp on his car playing the guitar
Lady in Walmart yelling on phone: "You're 40 years old and you don't have nothin' better to do than go around fuckin' other bitches?!!"
Pastor: I'm content with my watch from Walmart. You guys have more pricier & complex watches but you still arrive late

GET REKT'D BY PASTOR
 AndersenSylvie and your out at Walmart shopping instead Hahhaha love you sis 😂❤️
 JdrstormYT I only have an idea for two of them, but I like your idea for the other two :3
They were so cheap at walmart i'm so happy
My four year old nephew is yelling wiener in Walmart 😂
 PolitiBunny TARGET sucks more than Walmart by several big fat hairy miles.
 MUHFUGGINJKELLS Walmart out here put up barricades. Everyone waited in line. No messy shit. Probably the easiest trip to Walmart I've had.
 HandsomeHood24 I get mine at Walmart. Peep my snap story. That's one of them!
I'm just gonna go to Walmart and buy one for like 27 
Family remembers Good Samaritan killed in Walmart shooting via   11AliveNews
 DarhonIvesBell1 I had orientation with him at Walmart like a year & a half ago & he remembers me talking about joining the army & shit
I fucked your bitch in my Walmart flip flops  BapeBoyz 
DONT SLEEP ON WALMART i s2g the sneakers I got from them are the comfiest ever omg
My dad left me in a random Walmart by myself🙃
why am i the walmart version of coraline 
Walmart is doing the most 
Get a great holiday  recipe & enter this  25 eGift Card from  Walmart  giveaway  christy41970 US/CAN ends 12/6 
 StormTeam8  WTNH Whoa that sky! Outside Branford Walmart  gilsimmons  FredCampagna  SamKantrow  Kevin_Arnone 
 Destiny2791 Please call the Hotline number so that our team can look into this. -Donna
❤❤ Entertainment  Buzz 【LAST ONE】Kelly Clarkson Wrapped In Red Walmart Exclusive  CD+ DVD New Sealed… 
Innovative worker organising at Walmart: 
 ellie_dunlopp good ole Walmart
 BrennenTaylor im sure you ahve a walmart around
People trip me the fuck up. They come to Walmart and buy a tv for  320 then try to sell it on Facebook for  525.... 
This man walks up to Kye while we're in Walmart tells him merry Christmas and hands him  5 😌
 _bezel_ walmart
i'm foreva in Walmart lol
Walking in Walmart front doors to put the money on the kard  turned around and said fuck it 😎
 PantherU We had the game on at the bar. Already turned it off.  MKE_ADBraun can fuck off. She should be working at a fucking Walmart.
 mmryaah  WORIDSTARHIPH0P Walmart
Rude bitch who tried to cut in front of me at  Walmart! I swear am gonna Bitch slap u.
Only at Walmart do people carry their pet skunk around...
I want to eat Walmart-brand takis with  megggysabitch
 FrankieG_CFC  Foreezyo  Chubby3Fingers walmart Fam walmizzart.
 EdLatimore  Or02082907 
Think of the wardrobe in % of income. A suit >week's pay. Casual >day's pay. This will keep anyone out of Walmart.
I sure do go to Walmart alot for someone who hates it so much.
About to go to Walmart and stock up on coffee 🙃🙃🙃 finalsarecoming ineedtopass.            help
Who on campus , I need a ride to Walmart
 Walmart Cyber Sale RESET! - Plus New Items Added!! - Hurry Going Fast! -  Cybermonday… 
ur mcm sees his kids a couple hours a week but camped out at walmart for 2 days to buy a new TV for his bedroom on black friday.
i'm so dead at walmart 💀 
 AshtonNButler According to Google, Sally Beauty Supply and Walmart carry styrofoam heads. Fancy ones are available on line.
Samsung Tablets   Walmart on 29th for  69. 😬😬
 __sheenaaaa  brah fckn EVERYWHERE zippys, Walmart, movie, Haleiwa bowls. Shit man
 KostonOverkill haha I ordered one from walmart. so hyped when it gets to my house, gonna no life pokemon.
I liked a  YouTube video People Of Walmart
 AshtonDReynolds Walmart
"It took 20 tests to even find out who the dad was and when they did, he had died 10 years ago because he'd gotten shot." -Lady   Walmart
I wanna go to Walmart & get hella candles lol
Made Some Enhancements To Our  Frozen Christmas Yard Decor❄️ This  Elsa Is Available At Walmart… 
I'm at  Walmart Pharmacy in Williamsburg, KY 
 Walmart the person in electronics was so rude I just pulled out my phone and ordered the set off Amazon. Showed up today. Internet +1
I went to Walmart solely to buy a phone card and I forgot to buy a phone card 😅
Stuck at Walmart. Haven't eaten. Have to get ready for a Madrigals performance 🙃
so I'm at Walmart getting something for my pup & this older Caucasian female stops me on her little electric wheelchair thing & says......
 Walmart checking out and cashier matches price but manager wouldn't override it.  She called a 3rd manager and he also wouldn't.
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Williamsburg, KY 
Certified Pre-Owned Apple iPhone 6 Plus Smartphone (Unlocked)  appleiphone
I cannot take Walmart
 ERIK_303  skinnydipping11 It happens at my local walmart,  and they always hang outside of the bud clinics, and smoke shops here too lol
The current admin is sorta like WalMart - Romney would make it a little bit more like Target. 
Walmart got me fucked up charging me 10 extra cents for a bag
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <AqiW> 
A guy at Walmart almost tripped and i acted like i didn't see so that he wont feel embarrassed
 CNN  TheDeansreport his voters love the brashness.  After all, these are the people that get in fist fights at Walmart
CAME TO WALMART TO MAKE AN XTRA KEY AND LOCKED MY FUCKING KEYS IN MY CAR BEFORE I EVEN COULD . SO IRRITATED .
I keep forgetting to take this shit back to walmart🙄
Remember when we were at Walmart and it got evacuated? Lol good times 😂
 Walmart told me she wouldn't do it. Bit she was on break and I should ask a different manager.  Maybe they will do it but I won't.
Spotted the Marc Allard at Putnam Walmart
I hope Walmart not packed
Hashtag addicted to Walmart popcorn chicken
For Sale by Owner: House in Poinciana, next to Walmart! (Pinciana, Kissimmee, FL)  99950 2bd 1879ft2 
all these people from Santa Ana that drive to the Walmart in Irvine, why? THERES A TARGET, EL SUPER, AND A FUCKING WALMART ON THE WAY
 Walmart I spoke to 3 different managers.  One that was eating a snack at the express lane chatting with a cashier.  Apparently was on break
 Walmart in store!
I liked a  YouTube video from  radiojhpresents ROBLOX ESCAPE A VERY HUNGRY PIKACHU | PIKA DESTROYS WALMART &
I just bought your  MsPattiPatti  sweetpotatopie from  Walmart. It's delicious and full of  homemade goodness! Love your  OWNTV Masterclass.
Before & After tackling my  SCJMessyMoments
 
  ad
 
See what Windex® Brand  Walmart can do! 
Babygirl, I'm talkin' 1970's to 1980's ...  PPact allowed me to have a healthy long, full-filling Life! 
>psst no W… 
 Bigmac9577 Thanks for giving us the opportunity to help! -Donna
This the most people I've ever seen at Starkville's Walmart .
I need to clean my room, my car , and I need to go to Walmart 😑
Saw a Lamborghini  at Walmart and a GTR chillin in my neighborhood in the way home
I just used Punchcard at Walmart, and won 25 Points! WOO HOO!!
 Target so, according to my store-no price matching til Dec 4th? Including your own website. Thx, went to  Walmart where they DO price match
I just got a fishing license at Walmart high af I couldn't stop laughing
Yes another  Giveaway 
Walmart's Anti-Union Training Video Is Another Reason Why No One Should Shop There 
Walmart Crazy Today  arizona  MAGA
Walmart wild lmao 
Me&dom were in walmart looking for her mom&i found her&i was like "mom" and she raised&waved her hand so high&smiled so big i cried
 keishaArmiyahAJ mee too I'm saying fuck Walmart at 5oclock 😒
 morgangk_ us before we go to Walmart 
Miracle-Gro AeroGarden EXTRA LED with Gourmet Herb Seed Pod Kit - 
Mass homicide at Walmart omg.... 
  Walmart & this old lady looks at me & says, "u look like u got about as much energy as I do today. That's BoeingD!" Thanks, lady. 😕
Petition for Walmart to stop fucking running out of skinny pop
Yet, according to y'all, if it weren't for the Beatles... gee idk where Michael would be right now. Probably working at Walmart.
How many times am I gonna run into the same cute boy at Walmart until he proposes?? It's obviously fate.
this bitch walmart cashier who goes to my school gave me a bitch ass look bitch ill fight bitch fuck with me bitch
 PS4Live  PS4  Reddit  Livebroadcasting [Screenshot] Found at my local Walmart r/PS4 
People Being Naughty At Walmart   - Ajibfacts 
I'm sick but my moms making me go to Walmart later
Walmart Black Friday.  roku  samsung 
 BigdaddyLeaaah_ I worked at that Walmart before but the managers kept telling me to apply
Ho ho ho. Merry  Christmas 😞 
 BRedLove Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
 EndlessONEder

The average American is six hours of waiting on lines and one week of Walmart pay away from a flight to Europe or Asia.
_
 YoKingjulian We apologize, please share your experience: We you able to p/u your order? -Donna
 carlosM02_ I was gonna take it to Walmart rn tbh lol
CVS, Walgreens, Walmart pharmacies all have morning after pill. no prescription needed. 
 Walmart thanks for ignoring me , really shows you care about your customer !
 CARSON_TX work at walmart.... lol  itsnotmyfault
Family telling me to cut my hair all day today like fuck outta here with your bald ass. Hairline lookin like its on rollback from Walmart
Out of all the places I been America is the most addictive.  getmeback I miss Walmart 😂
Going into walmart, please god don't let me see anyone I know
 voter1vote  PPact Right? Nine bucks a month at WalMart for birth control would have ended so many college educations. Sob.
 Natassja_R Walmart got a fye ass sale on the steel toe boots
 walmart I moved from dealing with the Best Walmart in the country (Fleming Island Florida) to the worst.  Hamden Ct
this older woman in walmart is asking me about eyeliner and brow pencils and she's opening all of them to test them 😅
omg maria got a  400 bonus from work?? we are not going to be completely broke this christmas?? thanks walmart jfc
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <bN8x> 
Whenever I walk into WalMart, I instantly start counting the number of little kids getting their ass beat by a parent.
 yippeskyeaye Its called LV nails! Its right the Walmart in Gresham by Changs! Melody does an amazing job😁 and they dont card you😉
I'm at  Walmart in Exton, PA 
Latest Cyber Monday Walmart Deals Now Available Online 2016! — Walmart’s Cyber Monday Is Your Last Shot To Save… 
A man named Peanut helped me today at Walmart
i have been to every Target and Walmart in my metroplex and i still can't find the  DNCE album.  TheSearchContinues
 From_Steph Apologies, that's not the impression we like to present. Please share details: -Donna
 arendelles_ I LAUGHED SO HARD IN THE MIDDLE OF WALMART
I was in Walmart and a bird started swooping down inside the store and I may have cried
 leann_fox_ at work at walmart
second time they have asked Jazz for an ID while I was buying wine. I'm at Walmart with a cart full of other shit. Not the liquor store
 Walmart the customer service at your Florida city is lacking. The asst. Manager Alex could not and would not resolve issue that was given.
Walmart’s Cyber Monday plans should have Amazon terrified (Walmart)  privacy Christmas  webdev
 carrymefar he's always at the gardening side of Walmart!
Only  9.88 at FREE SHIPPING TOO!!  OriginalFunko Pocket POP!  TheWalkingDead 3-Pack Tin 
I swear I hate Walmart 😒
I'd like to take a moment and thank the girl at Walmart for recommending the Neutrogena Shine Control Primer!🙌🏼👌🏼  girlshelpinggirls
I moved to cali for school. I was a walmart employee.
 jmuelly  amazon  Walmart wlamrt is losing alot of things that are shipped to stores
European Supermarket News is out!  walmart  target
They don't have Starbucks refreshers at Walmart so I'm going to have to survive on coke until mine arrive from amazon tmrw.
 PRT  Foundation  CoverGirl NatureLuxe Silk Liquid Foundation Chestnut 
 Walmart sure. I ordered the pictures and no one told me the machine was broken. So when I checked on the pictures, some one hung up on me.
Can't find where I put the box of Christmas shit...off to Walmart to buy more  trash  pizzagate just trying to make sure this gets read
The five golden rings were actually bought on layaway at  Walmart. One is gold, the rest of them played.  FakeChristmasSongFacts
Walmart Supercenter is rated gun-Friendly -Scottsbluff Nebraska-  2AFriendly  GunFriendly  GunRights  2A  Guns  NRA
Needing to go to Walmart but I don't want to drive anymore ☹️
Walmart a shit show everyday
 thecrazyjogger I went to Walmart on black Friday. No fighting, no drama. Was disappointed..
LIVE on  Periscope: In walmart guys 🤗 
 Akdmcn I'm assuming physical copies will mostly go away and only be sold in target, walmart (and Amazon). Like DVDs
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <hRW4> 
I'd watch the X-Games, but WalMart ran out of Cool Ranch Doritos, Red Bull, and the words, "That's sick, Bro!" three days ago.
Xmas List:
gift cards 4 Barnes & Noble so I dont spend food   on books
gift cards 4 Walmart cuz lets be real, Im gonna spend food   on books
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 Walmart being shady 
me: connors clothes are basic and expensive 
also me: *willing to drop 150 dollars on a Walmart jean jacket with a rainbow patch on it*
 Cameron50845779 Sorry to hear that! Could you share a few more details so we can help? -KM
Walmart built a giant tower that acts like a vending machine for online orders 
[Screenshot] Found at my local Walmart 
LED Christmas lights are a sham. Well done,  generalelectric &  Walmart, on getting me again with one of the biggest scams.  christmaslights
When you know you have to make a trip to Target or Walmart and it is… 
I'm 17 years old and still panic when I can't find my mom in Walmart
Sneaky_Bran SickStory_ lmao walmart finessed me for an Xbox and that's my nieces xbox 360. Played a game of reach.
 Ivanna_nichoole  ItsGirlCodeTime Lmao, I wake up to texts from you like so whatd you get at Walmart at 1:36am
Walmart's conquest of the US Via  Amazing_Maps
 davismike3 We're sorry you had trouble making a return. Please share details: so we can help. -Donna
Lord I just passed out in Walmart
Idk why our Walmart runs are always so entertaining
 curvee_mermaid We're sorry you had a frustrating trip. Could you tell us what happened so we can help? -Carole
Nothing gives me anxiety like driving in the Walmart parking lot.
 JimKButler  VanderwaalTina  GraceVanderWaal  nyckcdave Nice!  I can't get either. I want Walmart one with bonus song, not avail in Canada.
Franky Fitzgerald
-ugh
-literally couldn't finish gen 3 bc of her annoying ass
-Walmart version of Effy
-just ugh 
my total at Walmart was  6.66... talk about some bad juju
Logan went inside Walmart and I said "I'm gonna eat your cookies" (we got GAC) and he said "for you I wouldn't get mad"... THAT is love
My Samuel ❤️   Walmart Atchison 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <8lCN> 
Man accidentally shoots his leg while cleaning gun at Festus Walmart - 
Every single WalMart in America costs the tax payers over  900,000 per year in subsidies to the billion dollar... 
 BraydenWillard Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Taylor-"Brayden, let's got to Walmart and get popcorn kernels"... A cart full of shit and  300 later, we still forgot to get popcorn kernels
 michaelasuxxx they sell em at walgreens, walmart, dollar tree (from what i hear) and i *think* maybe target?? unsure on target though
Who knew walking through Walmart with a "Dirty Hippie" shirt on would be so entertaining?!
 Walmart  thanks for ignoring me! Shows you really care about your customers!
i just threw up in walmart lol
Yo Walmart take mad money out my check. I need to change my dependence swore I put 2 lol. They tripping I need all that🤑
I'd be more than happy to publish all the e-mails that I received from them; nothing more than excuse after excuse.  Walmart
Omfg I'm at Walmart and I'm hearing kids cry about toys it's that time of year again kill me
Stuck in Walmart for an hour waiting for my tires to get changed. Will update as necessary  WalmartwithParks
Time to run to wally world.  Walmart  betterhavemyOJinstock  adeskofcheezits
 Fachshund Mom finds sweaters at Walmart for me that are inexpensive and fit as well as any.  oddbodytype 😂
 _LilWhiskyGirl Please reach out to our feedback team: to share your comments. -Donna
Love walmart? Get rebates on everything at ebates ebates promo code 
Does your family like to  bakewithbetty &  walmart ? >ad   RedneckUSA101
*sighs* at least we'll get pizza from Walmart :P
Disney Minnie Mouse 2-in-1 Train with Trailer for  39 + pickup at Walmart - CNET  gaming… 
Going to Walmart on a Sunday means running into someone you know around every corner
I send my husband to Walmart to buy towel holder thing for the bathrooms and he come back with a blue ray DVD player. 😭
Don't feel like driving but I need to go to Walmart 😕 somebody link lol
 Daebol I actually walked into Walmart on Halloween one year and it wasn't even midnight yet and they were playing Christmas music. WTF?!
Walmart, I hate you. Target will always beat you at everything. Sincerely, someone trying to figure out how they ended up in Walmart.
New post: POP Star Wars: Rogue One: Saw Gerrera Only  4.17 (Reg.  9)! 
Transmissor Polar H7 M - XXL BlueTooth... Apenas R 628.95 Acesse  GYM  fitness  oferta… 
 Sneaky_Bran  SickStory_ lmao walmart finessed me for an Xbox and that's my nieces xbox 360. Played a game of reach.
Now is your chance to stock up on  OREOcookies at  Walmart with  coupon!  ad  Oreo  snackandsave… 
 agmack828  Walmart  its a marketing educational tool for doing business online ... for yourself..
Honestly, it doesn't seem like Amazon and Walmart are battling this year
Nothing at Walmart is worth dying for  BlackFriday  CyberMonday... 
Never thought id live closer to Nordstrom than Walmart  glowup
Being bored results blowing money at walmart🙂
and the little dollar or walmart makeup with the loud pink blues and the lipgloss I AM CRYING😭💀
 Walmart advertises a price. Go to store. Get told you have to pay double the advertised price. Thanks for wasting my time.
 ReTweet  LipBrushes  Soft Resin Lip Cleaning Brush Makeup Brush 
 Walmart a 10% discount for having my NES on back order? Y'all can't do better than that
If the price seems too good to be true, it probably is.... 
just witnessed a grown ass man walk into walmart wearing ugg boots.
It just now hit me that there's no McDonald's inside Walmart....😰😰
I bought the game Sims 4 at Walmart...
Bruh Walmart really sell J's now 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
 cumtree adult classifieds - PD Walmart on Monterey -  
Things are very surreal at  Walmart drowned Siamese twins you apply makeup and decals to???! 
WalMart still selling LSD steaks? 
Crabapple juice is  2 at Walmart that's a  ROLLBoeingCK for y'all
I liked a  YouTube video Black Friday Violence Over A Walmart Parking Space And In Front Of Macy’s
Head a few posts back to enter this awesome  giveaway! 😎👊🏻 whoawaitwalmart  walmart  ad  mattel… 
 Walmart In Store just realized it was the Black Friday AD
If the name of the cashier at Walmart is Cricket or La Giggles, you're definitely in the hood.
 HoodFacts
And there we go. Bought the same item for the same price with free shipping from Walmart. Screw Amazon 🖕
 jayjorgensen70  VanderwaalTina  GraceVanderWaal  nyckcdave I preordered several of the Walmart versions and one signed one from Target!
If I ever lose my mom at Walmart I usually check the Hispanic food aisle and she's sometimes in there. If not, well I'm fucked.
jazzel saw this guy at walmart and thought he was cute. i swear i can't go anywhere with her cause she sees a new bf everywhere we go. 😂
OPP looking for  100,000 loader stolen from Walmart parking lot in Wasaga Beach... 
I have to remember I need to stop at Walmart when I get off. I should probably make my list now as well.
The Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the combined bottom 40 percent of America.
 brittdial So what I look like now is Walmart appropriate? Leftover look from  HellWeek.
Thank god for spare jeep keys and Walmart selling door knobs  keysgone
 BrennenTaylor walmart's gotchu
lmao us at Walmart  wtheckhana  g_monnn 
 MacK_Reagan Help I'm trapped in a Walmart and it's ruining me
Walmart, please staahhhhp with the le freak commercial. 🙉
 CherylARowe  Buttockus  jdubfla increase in the future.  If we took other jobs back from china, there is no more walmart or dollar tree
Tried to cop these. Walmart said it was "unable to sell". Y tha hell is it out then? Dafuq 
Made this lady's DAY at Walmart! Dad told me they had egg nog out. She walked past as I responded I should stay away from it if I wanna live
 anayesenia80 Walmart any day is the worst thing you can ever do.
 FireOutCRPS We apologize. Please contact us at so we can look into it. -Carole
 mistergoat  hutch_mdrc we need a completely new approach to economic development 
Let me get up and go to Walmart so I can cook
Might go to walmart after work and see if they have dream girls on blu ray.
I need it.
 BriOgii Think you can get  10 off with 'SG73X4Y1' atm via 
Got groceries and just took the Walmart basket home too
Go in Walmart to get diapers , end up spending a  100 😔😩 !
 TheEmuEmi Walmart is savage
Walmart vs fucking Target 
 itsemeely never seen these at walmart hmmm 
 lizadixon Asda is a big supermarket and Walmart took it over but they decided to keep Asda name name so we call it Asda/Walmart lol
 TheEmuEmi Walmart you good? holy shit
So. Much. Harry. Potter! Can't. Take. It!!   Walmart Saginaw - N… 
Some guy at Walmart hit me with his cart on purpose and told me to get out of his way??...stupid bitch😂
Walmart has Christmas blankets for only  5 and if that doesn't make your heart happy idk what will
New Nintendo 3DS Super Mario Black Edition is in stock, nerds


I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Anniston, AL w/  mkm565 
guess who just dropped not 1, but 2 jars of spaghetti sauce in Walmart infront of like 30 people !!!  GoMe  Winning
LIVE!! Walmart Cyber Sale Is LIVE NOW! - 
Me & My Brothers First Trip To Walmart . . ??????  WeGonnaGoToTargetInstead 
Walmart Black Friday Sale is LIVE NOW! 
Star Wars Black Series 6″ WALMART EXCLUSIVE SCARIF STORMTROOPER MISB Lot of 4! 
 SmashMouth84  TommyG I hear ya. Walmart toilet paper isn't good on your butt, but it gets the job done for cheap. Doesn't mean it's good
 TheEmuEmi ....Walmart got no chill lmfao
How i miss Walmart 😩😩
 pokestarz0 Thanks for stopping by to visit us today, Cory!
Is fluker any relation to the company that sells crickets at Walmart?
 bomby_creeper So sorry you're having trouble locating the POPs. You'll find them in the toy dept. -Donna
I just found a  20 bill on the floor at self check out in Walmart and i turned it in...Tierra what??
Even Walmart getting in on it...!   PinchersKorean  NotJackKemp 
 nickersgonewild  migueldeezy Walmart wolverine lookin ass
 SDMoore3 not gonna lie, Walmart men's section has the best flannels, so comfy
OK, I dont know wtf just happened, but i was riding with the fam to walmart and in the parking space next to us is Olivia, my gg
I liked a  YouTube video Mother Abuses Her Child At Walmart
 Cernuska Please check w/the store mgmt team to effect a Price Match. Item must be in stock online & match is at mgr's discretion. -Donna
SEEING WAAAAY TOO MANY CRANDALL PEOPLE AT WALMART RN....
Every time I go to Walmart, I always regret it.
 BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats I love giving cookies as gifts!  ad 
 Princesskotaaaa Walmart, HEB, Family Dollar...
Black Friday Walmart Shoppers FIGHT over TOILET TISSUE & SOAP (Black Fri... via  YouTube
 Walmart Its been 4 days since I ordered 3 days since it shipped. It is still saying there is no tracking available
Black Friday Walmart Shoppers FIGHT over TOILET TISSUE & SOAP (Black Friday Fights 2016) 
There is a chick that works at the neighborhood Walmart by my house that is WAY too hot to be working there 😵
This damn Pasadena Walmart has me pissed beyond measures...
 AldiUSA  Walmart like literally this is  130 at Aldi vs Walmart......... 
So I just left Walmart....
I would see every single person I've ever known in Walmart when I look like homeless pubescent white trash hastings slum. 🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙃
Ran into my daughter at Walmart and asked if she wanted to take some food "home" with her ... she was going to Areian's house 😂
Facebook is the Walmart of social networking sites tbh
Our Pizza Hut sucks, our Little Ceasars sucks, our Walmart sucks, our Taco Bell sucks, the name of this town should be Sucks, Pa.
Should I wear my uggs to go to walmart and mcdonalds like the half-blooded american trash that I am
WalMart pizza bread(960c)
 Walmart  is THE worst place to shop with Coupons  frustrated  ishopelsewhere
This isn't customer service; this is deflection service! Your company frustrates the customer to the point of giving up.  Walmart
Walmart. You need to chill. This is 15  game LOL 
I hate Walmart. But I need groceries.  thisiswhyionlinegroceryshop  bankersagnt 
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <K57a> 
Good Samaritan killed in deadly Walmart shooting identified via  11AliveNews  crime
I hate gallup Walmart.... 

But i still go there smh lol
im talking bout macaroni and cheese and done forgot the shit at walmart
i've been sitting in the walmart parking lot for 20 minutes now. i can't bring myself to get out of my car and adult
 bennyr11  TommyG we wanted value points not great value like off brand at Walmart lol
this morning I went to Walmart in full bum mode to buy popcorn and a hamburger.. so I definitely have hit a low point in my life
walmart fr separated me & alyssa today
Why tf I'm in walmart and this short ass leprechaun ass lady w red hair walking around 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😊😊😊😊
An individual in your company needs to make an executive decision and resolve this! I'm losing my patience.  Walmart
Doing my first food shop in a Walmart, I get why Gwyneth Paltrow is diet preachy. Deep fried Twinkies?How much shit does this country need?!
 RareBishop Meanwhile I told Walmart to cancel an order for Titanfall 2 (picked it up at a store) and they still shipped it. 😞
 PaidLeaveUS Walmart's benefits apply ONLY to salaried workers... out of 2.2M workers globally, the MAJORITY DON'T get these benefits, EVER!
sandstorm is playing in this walmart
Walmart using Freak Out in their commercials??  nilerodgers  CHICorg
 Walmart I would very much appreciate that. We were trying to buy a Hatchimal, but wristbands were all given out before 5:30.
"Does Walmart have crocs?" -chase
No one is willing to resolve this; everyone wants to direct me to another department!  Walmart
The general public in Walmart amazes me
Walmart on a Sunday, is the worst thing you can ever do lol 
I'm at  Walmart in Fremont, CA 
 tampafreestuff Rattles,books,etc. 2 WalMart bags of misc baby toys 
Nabisco Go-Paks ONLY 5¢ at Walmart, Target & Dollar Tree! - 
 discount  coupon  deal 
Let me pretend I don't know every person in the Walmart from hs fml
The amount of gas I just held in while standing at Walmart is KILLING my intestine right now.
 ann_aleah Well, that is curious! Did you buy online or in store? -Donna
Every time I get in contact with someone from Wal-Mart they wanna direct me to someone else.  Walmart
Best Cyber Monday Deals 2016: Target, Walmart, iPhone, Travel, and More |  money  deals  cybermonday 
lmao i saw ms ahrabian at walmart
 pealjam03 Now that you mention it, yes it is! Please do contact us at the link above so we can assist with this! Thanks again! -Katz
Just saw a guy come out of  Walmart in a hospital gown...
Went to Walmart for trash bags, somehow bought a 50' tv, a vacuum, and almost forgot trash bags
The Best Cyber Monday deals 2016: All of the electronics and toys on sale in the US  Walmart 
 janoskians stay over in Walmart
On sale at Walmart today! 
i'm getting a pair of flats for  5 at walmart this is amazing
We're in walmart and mom's like "I gotta decide what type of NUT I want." and I'm like ma pls
I-65 is like a Walmart parking lot on Black Friday.
I already went this avenue; exchanged 9 emails with them. They stated that they can't help because the purchase was in-store.  Walmart
I know people are always seeing Elvis everywhere, but I swear I just saw Ernest Hemingway at Walmart.
This person just tried putting grapes on layaway at Walmart lol tf
As I'm buying some Bud Light at Walmart this old worker man walks by and says "you must be getting that for yo daddy you ain't nun but 16"😐
When your little brother loses your car keys in Walmart. 😳🙃
 Princesskotaaaa Walmart
I saw him at Walmart 😂 
Walmart Cyber Sale Is LIVE! - Who is ready to grab some great deals at Walmart? The Walmart Cyber Sale is LIVE ... 
 ChrisOwens62 Are you having issue using your eGift card? Have you already contacted Savings Catcher via our website or app? -Carole
Just got to Walmart and I wanna leave already...
 DelanoSalinas  kent_mikey  iamjonseitz ya bro that cat shirt with sunglasses was a nice pick up from the Lebanon Walmart FOH
 trustmedanni Walmart Attleboro 😜
 NathanDanielJo3 Please reach out to our feedback team: for help with your lights. -Donna
This is close to where I live. Was wondering what was going on while going to the Walmart there last night.  YEG 
The fact that I have to go to Walmart really stresses me out. I literally can't go by myself 😂
why did my brother bring me to walmart to buy a swiffer wet jet and cracker barrel mac n cheese
Really Kanye Walmart really WTF?  everybody 
 lilli_hopkins Walmart
I've been at Walmart for 3 hours. I want to die.
When  HayesGrier used Walmart filters 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Fulton, MO 
omg Walmart no stop 
I'm trying to tell my mom what to get me at Walmart for my face through FaceTime and it is so stressful bc she's getting the wrong things 😩
I had to buy an AC adapter at WalMart last night lol Nintendo got me fucked up.
I Need To Go To Walmart . .
Just entered to win a  50  Walmart gift card thanks to  NatureMadeAtWalmart. Here's how:  SweepsEntry
I just saw my ex at Walmart and I'm mad cause this bitch lies to me and said she was moving 2 years ago 😂💀💀💀
Girl  11 at Walmart lmao 
Employee at Walmart "oh my god you're 21? You look 12!" 

*proceeds to tell 3 other employees to look at me because… 
Talk about your shitty gifts  WTF  Walmart 
What stores besides target Best Buy or Walmart got tv deals?
Sitting at the Edmond parking lot at Walmart.  designeryogapants 😳💩🔫
Or you can buy a window air conditioner from walmart for  139. No ice needed. 
Walmart is always so lit god damn I love it here
I'm going 2 Walmart in my pjs no one look at me
Celeste Woodrow pulls down her shirt and flashes her big tattooed titties in  Walmart 
So I was riding a stick with a Unicorn head around walmart and everyone gave me dirty looks or laughed
SAVE MONEY 💤💤SLEEP BETTER✔️✔️✔️ 
*goes to walmart
Bae: *hands id to cashier
Cashier: "you came all the way from Pennsylvania for oak leaf?" (Cheap ass wine)

TOO. FUNNY 😍😍
I needed to know why this guy brought a carton of milk back to Walmart.
 mori_ghosts does he even do ANYTHING for fun? should we go to The Walmart to find movies?
 jules_vds buy goo gone from Walmart it is a life saver
I hate going to Walmart
The Bayonne Walmart is worse than death
 Walmart to all that are following; I am still waiting for a response from  Walmart
"Now to Gods second home, Walmart." A snapchat story I witnessed today.
Cost Of Viagra 100mg Costco & Pfizer Viagra On Sale & Viagra Cost Per Pill Walmart & Free Viagra Sample 
Thanks  Walmart check out my new  LGUS I got on  BlackFriday! 🐾  SundayMorning  Shopping  Walmart  Dogs  Love my ne… 
Are you guys ready to get your holiday cooking on? Let's do this!  

 ad  GetReliefFromTheFeast  Walmart… 
Y'all aren't gonna believe what I just saw at Walmart.
 coldbruise LOL nope the one inside Walmart at STC
WALMART WILDIN💀💀💀 
These hoes like  1 at Walmart lmfao 
//Bad news.

I'll be off for a bit. For some reason, my data was cut off so I'm stuck without wifi and data. Using Walmart WiFi for now.
If I brought my dog into Walmart you think I'll be kicked out ?
All the bitches shop at Walmart Ctfu
I don't think boys understand how simple dating is. You can surprise me with a  4 hamburger and a flower from Walmart & I might cry
Louis CK on Walmart 
Pumpkin Cake with Cream Cheese Frosting 

 ad  GetReliefFromTheFeast  Walmart

One bite and you will be in love!… 
Does Walmart need a hyphen, as in Wal-mart? or Wal-Mart? or Wal*mart? or ALLCAPS WAL*MART? 
Guess who was stuck in Walmart with the Wal-martians?! Ugh. Home in 15 mins, stream in 20!
Yooo I can't lol this dude just drove up next to me & asked if I can tell him how to get to Sesame Street 😂💀 Only at Walmart in converse smh
13 Of The Worst People To Walk Through The Doors Of Walmart

😜😜😂😂😆😆😮😮

 kristokall Please reach out to our Help Desk team: for avail options. -Donna
You know you're getting old when you go to Walmart with your mom and the cashier asks if the items are together or separate.  HelpMeImPoor
 MereMortalsWW  h00sierhammer Blue store= Walmart.. Red Store= Target?
GIRLS WHO GOT A LITTLE TOO NAUGHTY AT WALMART <E1`[> 
Cyber Monday 2016 best deals on HDTVs, laptops, electronics: Walmart, Am.. Related Articles: 
This girl at Walmart holy fuckkk 😍😍
 bayleewise_  jellycodyyy she really is I saw her car there when I drove home from walmart
or you could just run to walmart? 
 Davis_Kappele  jlaurice and since it's sold and shipped by Amazon you can price match it at Walmart.
 _coconutqueen ah, babe we have no target, walmart or ulta in south africa. the struggle for good skin is real.
 nerdyjordy shes who i want the most

Im debating buying that walmart 20 blind box because its the only way to get imposter croc
Healthy list when  drkshdwc and  Trupac_ wanted me to pick up things from Walmart 
 MythWacky No, get a gorilla tripod isn't that the one you get at like Walmart?
I can easily get a refund from Walmart. But maybe I'll actually use the most damaged one since I still use a regular 3DS... 😑
 famoushorse the second result for that hashtag is walmart advertising so i can't help but agree
I hate that you have to get you bag checked before you leave Walmart now .
Are you kidding me Walmart? We all know that's not why your looking at these photos! 😂😂 
 ChristyLi516 That's a great Elf Shelf picture, Christina! Thanks so much for sharing the beautiful smiles with us! -Katz
I liked a  YouTube video from  raging_dad Raging Kid Rages In Walmart Over League Of Legend!!
 Catherin_byrne b Walmart
The age old question: do I go to Walmart in sweatpants or put on real pants?
Gee Walmart, I would have never guessed ground beef is great for hamburgers. 
those lotions are  30 at walmart...jeeeeesus christ 
im rey start going smack at 
grown bitches idc anymore

next thick joint i see in walmart 
shopping for bread imma holla 
at her , muvas
I threaten to hit people with my cart in walmart but I wouldn't actually play bumper cars with my baby Nissan 😅
 Scuba__Stevie  johnnykalldayy I can get it 20 % off Walmart gang
Me at Walmart yesterday when this white lady popped off at Jazz and didn't see me. 
Walmart 1837 ready to rock and roll! Stocked and ready to keep pushing Boost Mobile!  Dawnmccarter11… 
Walmart Ad Price Match List Highlights: 11/27 Target Ad 
mm is Walmart, believe it that way and it is all, I just drove them away from me and i cant believe i have a feeling it's one we all know a
they're playing mcr in walmart and i'm crying
son walmart dumb 😂
I'm at  Walmart Neighborhood Market in Bakersfield, CA w/  giggles22 
 elainetravels  ATInteresting the growth of Walmart looks like a epidemic spread simulation.  😨
The moment you realize the same people who didn't vote are the same people trampling each other to get into a Walmart on Black Friday.
Walmart is truly a strange place.
I'm ab to go to Walmart n just get like 6 pies
My dad got lost going to school from Walmart
I bought my dog a "medium" harness at PetCo... way2big. So I just bought her a "small" at Walmart... Couldn't even buckle it  storyofmylife
 delanimpofu Shea Moisture brand is at Walmart, target, and Ulta!
 Walmart Are you able to reprint my photos and rush them to me by Monday for free?
They're a few years old now, but CNBC's documentaries The Age of Walmart and the New Age of Walmart are fantastic.… 
You know what I love. Walmart.
I'm about to quit Walmart 🙄
Bruh but honestly I enjoy going to walmart for groceries, as long as it means annoying people i know
Y'all wanna here something shocking? Every single cash register at the Walmart I'm at right now is open. Every. Single. One.
Amazon: Highly Rated Little Tikes Activity Garden Baby Playset only  46.74 (reg  89.99) 
My home moved her services to Walmart. She a beast tho. She tends to my daughter hair like I would.
I will never support  Walmart again after that BS experience !!! I never rant on social media but  ranting
Come see Blue Santa outside Walmart until 5 p.m. and get your  5 chance to win a Nintendo Classic! 
McDonalds and Walmart: Pay your employees a decent wage  moveon  MAGA  NoDAPL  realDonaldTrump  POTUS  BernieSanders
 Puckguy14 the world of Walmart
 Bruhitshannaa Q&A Book -         
my mom facetimed me at walmart i can't even
My friends are making 6 figures and I'm over here like, "Welcome to Walmart."
Oh! I need this!!!

Take a look at what I found at What do you think? 
Just In -  DrJillStein &  HillaryClinton spotted at PA WalMart demanding  Recount2016 of customer's receipt.  audittheresult  wewantthetruth
Walmart: POP Star Wars Rogue One: Saw Gerrera Just  4.17 via Couponing to Disney - has ... 
starstryder: The people of Walmart are currently all at Ikea. Be afraid.
There are still plenty of angels that need to be adopted from JA's Angel tree at Walmart. Please pray about adopting one. (Acts 20:35)
❤ Fashion  Celebrity 【LAST ONE】Kelly Clarkson Wrapped In Red Walmart Exclusive  CD+ DVD New Sealed… 
Although the law doesn’t take effect until 12/9, stores such as Walmart & Vons have already begun charging for bags 
 danzyl66  Amazing_Maps when they ever do. Walmart will be ready
Walmart great value products be working better than name brand products.
This Walmart in the middle of Kentucky is just proving all the stereotypes of Kentucky that I had before to be true.
 ChrisOwens62  Walmart HA! I got 22 cents.  winning
i am trying to take a shit in the ladies room and all the old women who work at walmart are talking about work
Rather than fighting starving wages at Walmart, here's a diversion from the real issues 
 VoteWithYourDollars 
 Retweet  CarSeat  Urbini Sonti Infant Car Seat Heather Grey Special Edition 
Walmart something else😭 
I will like someone's picture on Instagram but ignore them at Walmart when I'm home.  typical
 DrJillStein  WI_Elections Hello, we didn't vote the bitch in. As I left your Walmart I bought you a pack of Huggies and tissues. Smh 🙄
The people of Walmart are currently all at Ikea. Be afraid.
walmart nexium price & protonix vs nexium & nexium vs prilosec & coupon for nexium 40 mg 
Nd I gotta go pick up my order my Walmart. Nd do my hair. 🙄
On  GivingTuesday stop by our canned food drive at Walmart from 2p-7p. Every little bit helps.  cougsgive  gocougs 
Got the job   donna walmart in the bakery 😌
rn my friend is at that haunted walmart that shane went to for his vidoe
Curse the texas side walmart it always shocks me badly. Today it was so bad I jumped and sounded like a cat
why is walmart the way it is
Man it feel good to be off   Walmart Supercenter Philadelphia -… 
NWO WALMART Terrorists X Band Facial recognition system via  YouTube
New post (Cheap at Walmart: Pantene Shampoo & Conditioner  1.34) has been published on couponsdowork... 
 LlLBlITCH at Walmart wby
Seeing  AbraarCeltics makes going to Walmart worth it.
This holiday season  BakeWithBetty for some tasty cookies & treats   ad 
 Shaawniee just google walmart careers and it's the first thing
 d3rmitt  jojoh888  Das_Anonimus look Cuba is going to be a tax haven. Walmart, Home Depot, publix, lowes, etc will be there in five years
Houston Texans REALLY need to get their     back on that Brock Osweiler purchase. Even Walmart couldn't sell him on Black Friday.
These Walmart women know I'm 17 😂
 1 Highest Rating for  HONEY &  health book, penned by health author-journalist

Showing our best Elf Self  walmart  elfself  elfselfie  funatwalmart 
"Just go to Walmart between 7 and 9 o'clock and pick up a cougar" 😂😂😂
I literally just did an entire workout in the Walmart fitness aisle
Saw this in walmart  Santa_Vol  and thought of u. Lol your new hat for next season. 
 groovylx_ do I just put or like Walmart/careers
 poIarizeintro a walmart of version of one direction
I just picked up 2 packs of evolutions Pokemon cards at Walmart. I'm opening them in a bit. Hope I get the secret rares and full arts
 bryancrabtree  Lowes Here in Canada we think differently. Walmart does well as does Home Depot. But Target failed instantly. It's a   thing
"You have a very polite young son" lady at Walmart said to me about my little brother. This beard about to evaporate lol
 Walmart Never redeemed what I've gotten back, so was pretty bummed to find this out today. Guess I'll use  Target from now on
Jayleen: we need to go to walmart i need gloves 
Rob: go buy some then 
Jayleen: um.. i can't go cause i can't reach the shopping cart 
😂😂😂
 PyrrhicPlays  The_MiddleC its not old. turns out that since my parents went through Walmart it was slightly different from the main service
lol I love Walmart 
"Welcome to Walmart" 
"Thanks" 😂😂😂😂 
 Mackk_ann_
 basicincome is realistic. Incentivization left a trail of broke & broken Walmart towns 
Walmart's conquest of the US 
 Walmart well isn't that ironic...  Katz 🐱
Saw this  Pokemon20 product at a  Walmart today and thought about one of our favorite Pokémon sites:   pokejungle! 
Been working at smiths for 2 months now and it's hella better fuck Walmart 
Alright now  Walmart ... been on the phone for 25 minutes with store  1255 because a "1 hour prints" job has expanded to 5 hours + counting.
Cyber Monday 2016 deals: Walmart offers laptops, smartphones, 4K TV, video games, and more with mouthwatering rates! 
. Walmart your savings catcher is the biggest scam I've ever seen. Went to purchase something with what I've gotten back and told had 3 cent
This is what a Fraser Fir from the Knights of Columbus site at Walmart on Bayfield street looks like when it's done! 
We went to Walmart at 4 am to buy ingredients
Insten USB Cable For Nintendo DS Lite, Black  [ Save 76% ]  Walmart  us  Sale  Deals  Discounts  Offers 
Meg and I are sitting in the makeup aisle at Walmart talking about being ourselves
walmart always packed 🙄
There's more than 9. Koch, Walmart. 
 ThatRyanMolina  KendamuZ You tagged Walmart in that, they're gonna think you're serious! 😂
If you can get tamales, champurrado, bootleg cd's, and pillows in the parking lot of Walmart or Target, you're in the hood. 
 HoodFacts
Channel VS. Walmart 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Baton Rouge - N Mall Dr 
I just need someone to go to Walmart and mess around with me
 kaiitlynwest "kayla why are you at Walmart this late smh"
 seanspellman701 Sorry for the confusion. You can find answers about using your associate discount here -Carole
Walmart showed love. Gave ya boy a oil change for the low.
 America2_0  Glambertoo1  politicususa Walmart is one of Americas largest employers. Their employees do not make a living wage.
Walmart Canada tests 3D printed products in time for Christmas  socbiz… 
I think it's hilarious that  Walmart is offering FREE pickup in stores.
 TanookiKuribo  KendamuZ  Walmart That was actually my shipment which was supposed to have 2 but I only paid for one, but I should get 2.
 WVUSPORTSGUY Yeah, I liked him. But honestly I can go in Walmart and without talking to anyone show you people I don't like for some reason
 HaydenBludworth Walmart and maybe GameStop
Sitting in Walmart parking lot crying bc it all just hit me at once that my life is falling apart 🙃 how's your Sunday going
Me praying that asking to go to Walmart and out to eat will not result in 'we have stuff here' then proceeding to eat another  grilledcheese
So I seen my favorite cartoon at Walmart last night. I was so tempted to buy it. 😖
 thingsfthearts Walmart has it for  6 I think
near is the walmart version of L
 vinegar 2, mass market (pocket size) gift for stocking/basket -book in 1st row bestsellers… 
just went to walmart & figured out what headlights i need for my car all on my own i feel like such an adult🙌🏼🙌🏼😽
Walmart Haul: Saturday, November 26, 2016 (I FOUND IT!!!!!!) 
Walmart is playing Hannah Montana I'm lit
 hereticess gonna be going to walmart later to buy a new one
 ReTweet  Specials  Hamilton Beach White Classic Drink Mixer 727WS 
Found an empty and almost knocked myself out. (  Walmart DC 6909 in Jurupa Valley, CA) 
Christmas is coming... Walmart 
 Retweet  Specials  Hamilton Beach White Classic Drink Mixer 727WS 
5. Hayden Romero
- irrelevant to the plot
- Walmart selena gomez
- should of stayed dead 
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Saint Cloud, FL 
❤【LAST ONE】 KellyClarkson Wrapped In Red Walmart Exclusive  CD+ DVD New Sealed  Singer  Idol… 
Just posted a photo   Walmart Supercenter San Antonio - North Foster 
Meet Angel McCoughtry & Coco Miller today! They will be signing autographs from 5-6 pm at Walmart in Snellville (1550 Scenic Hwy N).
Sony Playstation 4 500 GB
R  1.590,00
 blackfriday  walmart  Sony  Playstation4  ps4
LMFAO Walmart shady asl 
😭we need to take a trip to Walmart 💀  Shanay_Perry 
My second favorite pastime is sitting 1 hour waiting for my prescription in the Walmart, getting harassed by the obese and the child-abusers
What's your preference on spending 8 hours? Traveling to Europe or getting some deli meat at Walmart?
 KendamuZ  Walmart This sounds like a  ThatRyanMolina tweet... 😏
The mall and Walmart, 2 places that can annoy me in a fraction of a sec
NEWS TO ME: Jerusalem Shawarma in Royal Oak (beside Walmart) is still being built.  Went there yesterday with a hungry tummy and sad face.
PSA!!! Anyone who loves Christmas movies should go to Walmart and stock up. This copy of the… 
I miss working at Walmart
its like heaven rn at walmart with all the socks and slippers and pjs for sale 😍
I was also at walmart and saw some fire emblem amiibo, but I had just bought lucina and Robin..I don't need 2 of them
Trying to go to work if Walmart answer the phone 🙄🙄
 TanookiKuribo  Walmart That's too bad. Collectable no more. Now you'll just have to throw it in... the mailbox and send it to me.
I need to go to Walmart or target when I get off work .
IPhone 6 on sale at walmart today. Last day for sale.  0 with a 2 year plan with Telus and you also get  150 gift card.
200 square miles of locusts AKA Walmart during Black Friday.  PlanetEarth2
i'm so sorry to anyone who sees me in Walmart today
50 inch LED tv at Walmart for  225.... Might just have to cop out
I love how the people who WATCH the self check out at Walmart gets a check but not us who actually cash ourselves out & bag our own shit? 🤔
hey im at walmart whats up  NewBenJPierceVideo
 MsLacyScott I think it may be on Netflix. If not I think redbox has it or it's cheap at Walmart right now. It came out a year or two ago.
 pealjam03 We're sorry to hear about the trouble with your order. Please visit  so we can help you. Thank you! -Katz
walmart out here playing wit niggas💀💀💀 
Doing my part to keep Walmart classy in my  AngelsJeans jeans...😂 ootd  wiwt  outfitoftheday… 
Walmart sending hard shots
I cant breathe 
debating between going to lowes or going to walmart for the stuff i need cus i also needa get a new christmas hat for work too...
Smartphone Apple iPhone 6S 64GB
R  3.167,00
 blackfriday  walmart  Smartphone  Apple  iPhone  6S
My aunts boyfriend tried to drag me for wearing big sunglasses yesterday. I wear my big sunglasses, he wears his 5 dollar ones from Walmart.
 raainymaarie  landon_mack97 Walmart😇
 FatKidDeals same price at Walmart
Nice inexpensive gifts for the holidays:
•5 and Below
•Walmart
•Target
•ColourPop
•Charming Charlie
•NYX
•Wet n Wild
•iTunes
YahooFinance: Why Walmart's  CyberMonday plans should have Amazon terrified  Walmart  AMZN 
Me provoca Banana Split   Walmart Neighborhood Market 
Couple Films Sex Tape in Walmart <xdGD> 
Im in Walmart ashy af and it doesnt bother me cuz its Walmart
 j0y___xo you spelled Walmart greeter wrong.
Sometimes I feel like I am trying to visit every Walmart in North America... (at  Walmart Supercenter) 
I just passed this gorgeous blonde hair girl at Walmart and I just died😍😍😩
Walmart piss test or mouth test you??
Gotta go to Walmart today lord help me in advance only get what I NEED
Mm Walmart
The vr headset I'm gonna buy at the Walmart is gonna take us all to ~ new heights ~
omg imagine if i won something and wore it that would be such a chanel vs walmart situation lmao
 GlitterKissXOX I have another pair that I know are at Walmart that I'll show you when I get home that I have, they have cats!!
 THATS_msmith51 in Walmart fighting n shit👊🏽👊🏽..smh 🤦‍♂️
Smartphone Apple iPhone 6S 32GB
R  2.999,00
 blackfriday  walmart  Smartphone  Apple  iPhone  6S  32GB
a grown man tried to fight brently & i in the walmart parking lot today... stay classy evansville!!!
We got the dog in commerce on my way to Walmart
Walmart's Cyber Monday sale kicks off right now – here are Sunday's best deals - via 
Google Chromecast 2
R  199,89
 blackfriday  walmart  Google  Chromecast2
Old man just yelled "BITCH" at a lady in the Walmart parking lot lmao
7 people at Walmart helping me..not one person can figure out my online pickup order! This is why I go to target
Don't go to Walmart hungry :(
A little late but, black Friday shopping at  Target is Wayyyy then black Friday shopping at Walmart.
Double pissed that we were open all day on thanksgiving and that Walmart McDs was closed during Black Friday
I'm at  Walmart Supercenter in Washington, DC 
Enter to win  250 to spend at  Walmart  BestBuy or  Target  giveaway  giftcard 
Walmart  8 
Exxonmobil Investment Management Inc. TX Has  27,911,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Stokes & Hubbell Capital Management LLC Acquires 3 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Academy Capital Management Inc. TX Reduces Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Nadler Financial Group Inc. Boosts Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
 GDXJ News Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 6:15:19 PM  JNPR  AMZN  Walmart  IBM 
Thanksgiving Weekend Shoppers Cut Spending Amid 'Incredible Deals'  AMZN  Apple  Walmart  BBY… 
 TGT  Apple  BBY  Walmart:

Thanksgiving Weekend Shoppers Cut Spending Amid ‘Incredible Deals’:


 XBI Short Sales Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 5:15:21 PM  CSCO  JAZZ  Walmart  CAT 
 XGTI Free Real Time Data Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 5:15:21 PM  DBB  RHT  Walmart  AKS 
I don't need 5 emails everyday!!!  Walmart  Overkill  NegativeResults  Walmart
Want 3 millionaire stock traders watchlists for FREE?  AUPH  COUP  TWTR  WFM  ARIA  GNK  Walmart  JDST  SPY
I would bet on  Walmart The whole Walton family been unloading in 3rd qtr. as if armageddon is coming. 
 BRS Financials Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 4:15:19 PM  AMRS  Walmart  FB  COL 
 Walmart Reviews Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 4:15:19 PM  APA  AMRS  CSCO  XRT 
 QLD Reviews Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 4:15:19 PM  FCX  IEP  P&G  Walmart 
 SIL News Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 4:15:19 PM  KGC  Walmart  CVS  NAVB 
 GLL Stock Message Board Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 4:15:19 PM  Walmart  LMT  DIA  GE 
5 of 5  UNH  UTX  V  VZ  Walmart  XOM and install them on your computer, free for a month. Skype: gemsbot for info.... 
Commented on StockTwits: 5 of 5  UNH  UTX  V  VZ  Walmart  XOM and install them o... 
 Walmart U.S. shoppers spend less over holiday weekend amid discounting 
This is your holiday season reminder that Amazon doesn’t always have the lowest prices  AMZN  Walmart  retail
 Walmart Investor Opinions Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 3:15:20 PM  P&G  CYTR  Walmart  NATI 
YahooFinance: Why Walmart's  CyberMonday plans should have Amazon terrified  Walmart  AMZN  B…
YahooFinance: Why Walmart's  CyberMonday plans should have Amazon terrified  Walmart  AMZN 
 TGT  EBoeingY  Walmart:

Black Friday Shoppers Curb Spending as They Chase Discounts:


Why Walmart's  CyberMonday plans should have Amazon terrified  Walmart  AMZN 
 TGT  EBoeingY  Walmart:

Black Friday Shoppers Cut Spending as They Chase Deep Discounts:


Trump talking tariffs is laughable. Wait until the Trump voter's kid wants the resulting  2,000  APPL iphone or  Walmart prices double. GOP Fail
 Walmart Can Target Succeed by Extending Cyber Monday? 
 AEO  Walmart  blackfriday I haven't heard much about the Tailgate stores at AEO since I wrote back in June 
 GM Last Price Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 2:15:20 PM  CBG  GILD  CCJ  Walmart 
 Walmart Last Price Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 1:15:20 PM  COL  MO  DRYS  MO 
 Walmart Stock Message Board Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 1:15:20 PM  SKLN  DBB  SKLN  XLK 
 AMZN  Walmart  TGT:

Amazon’s Most Overlooked Competitive Advantage:


Saved ton of time & money by pre-ordering groceries & picking them up at Walmart. One small error but worth it.
 Walmart
 KTOV Stock Message Board Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 12:15:20 PM  XOM  Walmart  GLL  JAZZ 
 Walmart Why Wal-Mart Needs to Tread Carefully in the U.S. E-Commerce Market 
 DPS Stock Price Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 11:15:21 AM  IYT  MCD  MTD  Walmart 
 RGLD Stock Message Board Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 11:15:21 AM  EEM  KTOV  IBB  Walmart 
 SBUX Filings Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 11:15:21 AM  Intel  SIL  SSO  Walmart 
 amzn  wmt  goog

These are some big numbers! 
Equity Investment Corp GA Lowers Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Huntington National Bank Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart Shares Bought by Roof Eidam & Maycock ADV 
Campbell Newman Asset Management Inc. Has  772,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc.  Walmart 
In store Black Friday sales fall. Be interesting to watch the retail stocks Monday.  SHLD  JCP  TGT  Walmart
Warren Buffett’s Top 20 High Dividend Stocks
 VZ  GM  SNY  IBM  KO  P&G  PSX  GE  Walmart  KHC  WFC  JNJ  UPS  DE
 MCOA Investor Opinions Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 10:15:20 AM  RWM  MCD  Walmart  TWER 
In store Black Friday sales fall. Watch the retail stocks Monday.  SHLD  JCP  TGT  Walmart  VerifiedProTraderChatter 
 Walmart 10 Items for  10 or Less at Walmart 
 Walmart:

10 Items for  10 or Less at Walmart:


 FCG Opinions Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 09:15:19 AM  Walmart  LDL  BTG  GILD 
 JAZZ Financials Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 08:15:19 AM  NAK  Walmart  RWM  DIS 
We've been saying 4 while  AMZN prices very-often inferior which makes  PrimeDash button more joke

 Walmart  jimcramer


Wal-Mart Stores:A Rare Deal in this Market  stockanalysis  cashflow  investing  retail  Walmart  
 IYT Stock Message Board Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 05:15:19 AM  RDN  Walmart  XLK  MCOA 
My Top 5 Books on Investing in Stocks:  stocks  investing  SPY  Apple  AMZN  DIA  MSFT  Walmart
Predicting 2017’s Most Popular Dividend Stocks  KO  P&G  Walmart  T     moneymanagement
 AMZN Stock Price Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 02:15:19 AM  Walmart  GS  NVDA  XLP 
Getting Started in Value Investing by Charles S. Mizrahi:  SPY  Apple  Intel  IBM  Walmart  DG  COST
 SPY "Black Friday & Thanksgiving online shopping surpasses  5 billion for first time"  XLY   Walmart  TGT  AMZN
 HTBX Latest Headlines Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 01:15:19 AM  CYS  Walmart  VCEL  BID 
 HTBX Company Info Updated Sunday, November 27, 2016 00:15:19 AM  GM  PHO  Walmart  RWM 
 VZ Investor Opinions Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 11:15:20 PM  CCJ  Walmart  AGQ  SDS 
 VALE Percent Change Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 11:15:20 PM  Walmart  IEP  TWLO  IKGH 
Value Investing: A Value Investor's Journey Through The Unknown:  SPY  KO  PEP  TGT  Walmart  M  KSS  STX  WDC
But 1st, putting together a list of  stocks 4  xmas including  msft  baba  web  iac  xoxo  jpm  wfc  gs  ms  tcx  tgt  wmt
 TLT Reviews Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 9:15:20 PM  NAKD  XIV  CCJ  Walmart 
 IBB Free Real Time Data Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 9:15:20 PM  IWM  DE  Walmart  IBB 
 GDXJ Free Real Time Data Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 8:15:20 PM  SPXL  Walmart  EKSO  AGQ 
12 Great Books on Value Investing:  SPY  Apple  IBM  CSCO  COST  Walmart  PEP  MCD  KSS  LYB  XOM  ADM  investing
 SDS Last Price Updated Saturday, November 26, 2016 7:15:20 PM  EWZ  VCEL  SMH  Walmart 
