Breitbart had front-row seat at Trump presser | TheHill 
Apps iOS and Android for "Radiosky Music Jazz" is available:
iOS
Android
 01
I guess Google should have done more testing on itRT  backlon: My Google Pixel randomly changed its (cont) 
 trilllizard420 it was like the 3rd picture in the google image search. Just lugia with a giant erect penis going that he was sucking
janus completed the quest Magical Cylinder! 
I am tweeting from my Google Assistant
Machop appeared! IV: 46.67% (9/0/12). Moves: Karate Chop,Low Sweep. At 220 28th Ave N. 12m 52s left. 
 ChevreBoueri  newtgingrich Putin warned HRC about Tsarnov bros, Google and you'll find article! Boston could have been prevented.
google it and get back to me on that 
Machop appeared! IV: 40.00% (2/8/8). Moves: Karate Chop,Cross Chop. At 56 N Ocean Blvd. 30m 56s left. 
 goodnightdebt grad school boss thought I was a genius bc I knew how to use excel & could google Adobe tricks 😝
 ericlaw cool, didn't know that our language is recognized by big google.
This is brilliant – Philosophy can teach children what Google can’t 
The 4 Elements That Make Great Company  Culture  agile 
Study: Microsoft Teams set to pass Slack, Google Hangouts as second most-used business chat app in next 2 years 
Google this while you still can 
New image enhancement from  Google 

 
 dimitrology Nvidia says existing Shield TV devices will get new one’s features through a software update in January 
Teachers sue student loan servicer for converting their grants to loans - Washington Post  funding ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v… 
Spam o. your site will hurt your site's search ranking. (Google Webmbsters)
3 awesome users just followed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
Weekly Heating Oil Prices Up A Penny via marwanco.
Mvix Wins 2017 DIGI Award for Best Content Management Software (CMS)  digitalsignage 
 BeMoreInspired  GMSHTOUR during  4/20WKND. Click here 4 performance info: 
 WarnerJohnette Does your district have Google Apps for Education?  If not, it is a must. You definitely need it and Google Classroom.
Try Google Apps for Work for free for 30 days and message me for a discount URL: 11 11:59:28 
When you haven't looked at the price but see everyone's expression on this subreddit. via /r/ Bitcoin … 
【The Cat of Happiness】　  TheCatofHappiness 
【iOS】【Android】
Upgrading 'Smart Contracts' to 'Wise Contracts' via /r/ Bitcoin 
Anyone think the negative opinion of Coinbase is an overreaction? via /r/ Bitcoin 
1 user just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
Anyone think we wont see ~600 again? via /r/ Bitcoin 
Google will be forced to stop reading your Gmail for ads  SmartNews
Blockchain Voting &amp; The Future Of Democracy via /r/ Bitcoin 
Illumina wants to sequence your whole genome for  100 
Bitcoin Price Slides as Chinese Officials Inspect Local Exchange via /r/ Bitcoin 
 715d1 Do you need to take a minute to Google the word lack?
Is it common practice for Bitcoin ATM's to have their own set exchange rate not what's current in your location? v… 
[just curious] If i run a full node shouldn't i receive a small amount of transaction fee's? via /r/ Bitcoin … 
Bitcoin Is Back, And Its Success (Or Failure) Could Revolutionize Politics via /r/ Bitcoin 
We have to have a backup hard fork ready: as soon as possible (not blocksize related) via /r/ Bitcoin … 
Just finished Week 2 Day 2 workout in the Running for Weight Loss training plan! 
Fun fact: The max potential btc is less than 21 million total, instead the max is 20999999.97690000 bitcoin that c… 
What was the result of the Chinese exchange inspection? via /r/ Bitcoin 
I liked a  YouTube video from  thewindkraken BlastphamousHD - Google Ad (Meme)
02 - Introduction to UNIX (Part 2) - Google Slides see more 
On Jan 12th, 2009, the late Hal Finney received the very first btc transaction from Satoshi himself via /r/ Bitcoi… 
How it felt to analyze the charts and hold during this bull run via /r/ Bitcoin 
I made a Bitcoin piggy bank if you want to see it via /r/ Bitcoin 
Growlithe is available until 07:29:01pm (29m 34s).IVs: 48.89% Fast Move: Bite, Charge Move: Body Slam 
I love how I'm literally never ever gonna have to google Ryan Gosling again, I get the full dosis of him on my tl because of  damienchazelIe
Currently using google translate and my NVQ in French to move to this girl, lord knows what I'll do when I see her
 Google GuyKawasaki: Big scary snake eats another 
 DigitalTransformation:  Leading Digital companies generate better gross margins, better earnings and net income… 
 suraja_acharya Got it. We suggest reaching out to the AdSense Help Forum for further support: Hope this helps.
This rugged battery case doubles your Google Pixel’s battery life  SmartNews
Does this surprise anyone?
FAKING SANDY HOOK: PHOTO'S OF THE PHOTO'S BEING FAKED NRA GUN CONTROL FALSE FLAG HOAX NWO PATRIOT
The Biggest Intelligence Questions Raised by the Trump Dossier - The Atlantic  Trump  russiagate  
THE BEST NEWS 2017
Stone Foundation announce new album and unveil 'Your Balloon Is Rising' featuring  PaulWeller

Google claims the hottest programming language of 2016 
Trump to CNN: ‘You are fake news’ love it!!  CNN  fakenewsconference  
KOFFI OLOMIDE & CINDY : Sanza Night Club
Date: 2017-01-12
  for details  mooEvents 
Android Wear 2.0 is launching next month 
Growlithe is available until 07:24:09pm (24m 51s).IVs: 75.56% Fast Move: Ember, Charge Move: Flamethrower 
Funny .... CNN is throwing BuzzFeed under the bus after President-elect Donald Trump… 
Machop! IV:24.44%,(2/5/4) till 04:28:19pm.   UBC 
GBP/USD falls to flash crash levels on Hard Brexit worries, ahead of Trump  forex  news  money
inggitekapr Search results that are... well-done.  KnowNearby 
Top story: New Google Classroom features make it easier to learn, teach, manage… see more 
Trade Idea Update: EUR/USD - Sell at 1.0555  forex  news  money
【My cutie devil】　  mycutiedevil 
【iOS】【Android】
Forex Prices at 12:00  forex  news  money
Las Vegas launches the first electric autonomous shuttle on U.S. public roads 
No, Wall Street, he didn’t say he literally needed to drain a swamp.

Nvidia says existing Shield TV devices will get new one’s features through a software update in January : 
this is the first time i've EVER in my life seen a photo of tomi lahren smiling and i had to google to see if it wa… 
Augmented Reality museum tours are now a thing with Google Tango 
How to Write  SEO Friendly Articles.🌏   semrushchat  Google  socialmedia  digitalmarketing 
Russians deride American uproar over cyber attack accusations - Russia Beyond the Headlines  G
[Pioneer] Exeggutor (IV: 40%) until 08:28:34AM at 2 Pioneer Rd 
Pay-By-The-Hour Golf is Both Brilliant and Dangerous and More - ashokjoshij gmail.com - Gmail… 
Mary, the Beagle (Foxhound beauty)

Do Cats like Balls?  videogames
 SushmaSwaraj Indian Map is shown differently in google maps US vs google maps India.. this is too bad for our nati… 
My Google Pixel randomly changed its Bluetooth name to something utterly bonkers.
Google's popup penalty is affecting sites. If you haven't changed you popup settings, now is the time.  seo… 
A wild Nidoran♂ has appeared! Available until 02:28:42 (29m 45s). 
Charlie Sheen on Trump: ‘We Look Forward to Impeachment’ - 
For all the strong women.... 
The Google Hardware Giveaway | TNW Deals via  tnwdeals
 shortynav Lol. Please don't google it!! 😂😂😂 Let's stay true to our hood selves. Hip Hop Glamour if we must or straight gully: Tims & Puffa
Thom is right! He is exactly right! 
"Pushbullet 14.8: Reply to text messages from any texting  app on the  computer"  android  mobile 
State to create new unicorn barf training center 
 tsteele93 I use Google incognito to shop online to avoid pesky ads. Same thing with airline tickets.
You have a beautiful wife. 😊
No one can escape from this Android game:


 TryIt  tryanuary  TryOfTheWeek  TRY  TryHarder  TrySomethingNew  game
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 68.89% (15/5/11). Moves: Rock Smash,Stomp. At 411 29th Ave N. 25m 41s left. 
Exeggutor available until 07:18:49pm (19m 59s). Confusion / Seed Bomb (26.67% - 1/2/9) 
A wild Magmar popped up Downtown! Available until 19:18:15 IV:0.00% MOVES:unknown unknown (19m 26s). 
 cutasterfee  Goodtweet_man google is a friend to all but Miss Fickle Reader 
Where exactly in France are Calais migrants being sent? - The Local France - 
A wild Grimer popped up Downtown! Available until 19:05:45 IV:75.56% MOVES:Mud Slap Sludge (7m 2s). 
YA ME SIRVE GoogleE CHROME
 Google thanks for the  2.00 y'all real for that
LaSalle Lickitung 27m 11s 62.22 15 8 5 Lick Hyper Beam 
Tillerson fails to win over key GOP senators - via 
Veratrum - Thule
(Orchestral version)
CHRONICON *bonus track*
The latest the  googlediary!  measure  googleclassroom
Google Is No Longer Working on High-Altitude Drones 
Command Partners Continues to Drive Global Sales and Grow Digital Marketing Team  DigitalM… 
Foundations of Social Theory 
Digital Marketing and Sales Manager  DigitalMarketing 
the google phone becomes more enticing with each passing day
Marketing agency Walk West expands services via merger  DigitalMarketing 
 ellie_jayneD ha I know but I forgot which one it was and just searched on google and found that one! It was sooo good and then it ended 😒
What will be the most in-demand marketing jobs this year?  DigitalMarketing 
 Google yeah -- my backup email is my college account, which unfortunately has been out of use for a couple of years 😖
European police issue warning as foldable gun which looks like iPhone to be released in US. 
Clefable appeared!
IV:53.33% (6/5/13)
Moves: Zen Headbutt/Psychic 
Despawns 04:22:27pm (23m 56s). 
Some new features that look good! 
not even google can solve my problems 
Google: inggitekapr Search results that are... well-done.  KnowNearby 
On google earth, in space. 
The Night Watch - Google Arts & Culture via  googlearts
 nude examinations google nude sexteens 
 HeyRef  Joe_twheets  bagga2007 Can't get out of bed to google image 😮😶😴
Jessica Mega talking digital sub phenotyping at Health2.0  google  Verily  health2con  WinterTech  bluetopaz 
I wouldn't want to involve myself in this Mr Eazi debate until I search google and know who you people are talking about.
Westend Lapras 58m 45s 55.56 3 7 15 Ice Shard Ice Beam 
For the first time ever, a bumblebee is on the endangered species list  Facebook  android  app go to 
If you love me send me a  200 Google Wallet and save me this week. My roomie left me with no foods or toilet papers.🙄
LostWishes21 Gmail.com
Ex-spy behind Trump intelligence dossier identified: report - via 
Tillerson is dead wrong in what he told the Senate on climate science  Facebook  android  app go to 
ACTiViTY...study A  20 million + Hip Hop success..More   than what "I(human)" & most people got… 
me, cleaning the floor: hm
me, searching google: is mixing pinsol and bleach bad for you
'Shots Fired' Creators Talk "Flipping the Narrative, 
Grimer available until 07:26:53pm (28m 44s). Mud Slap / Mud Bomb (55.56% - 10/13/2) 
So it will be...

 FCO  MI6 Embassy of the United Kingdom  Moscow CRIME*SCENE*IMAGES Organised Crime Corruption Bribery Exposé  Google 
Russia, China -- and the US -- are biggest geopolitical cybersecurity threats - ITworld 
The Greg Foat Group - Clear Skies Select Stick - 6 Music Session, 22 Dec 2012  NowPlaying  6music
   Whoop whoop!
DHS should have a cybersecurity unit, says panel chairman - ITworld 
I'm earning  mPLUS Rewards with  FlipDaCoin ! 
 TomBalkos  cbcradio  CBCRadio2  tunein  amazonecho  Google Working great from the Apple TV app!  justsaying
State Physicians Panel Urges Four More Conditions Be Qualified For Medical Marijuana 
Powered by Mail Image Get FBI Updates
Vault Home • FDPS
Check Status of Your FOIA Request
If your FOIPA Number is... 
Jelena Still In Love? Selena And Justin Move On After Gomez's Mom Reportedly Tells Bieber Not ...  BITN
Panel recommends medical pot for four more diseases 
Spain |  Gunman opens fire in Spanish supermarket screaming 'Allahu Akbar': The attacker, who was reportedly… 
ID Experts® Hires Chief Technology Officer Brent VanLoo 
Why You Should Consider a Functional Medicine Doctor 
President Obama's Farewell Address: Katy Perry, Big Sean, Niall Horan & More React  KPR
See British Actor Joseph Fiennes As Michael Jackson In New Trailer 
Study: Fibromyalgia Patients May Be at Risk of Developing Osteoporosis 
Women of Distinction Magazine Selects Deb Lundquist as a Distinguished Professional in Her Field 
Maui Electric Seek PUC Approval for More Renewable Energy  energy
Fibromyalgia and Thyroid Dysfunction 
The dream of Ara: Inside the rise and fall of Google’s most revolutionary phone comm: 
Dart in 2016: Fastest growing language at Google, 2nd fastest in TIOBE comm: 
arubanews: Mota Engil sells Aruba assets - Partnerships Bulletin (subscription) - Google News
[Jurong West] Snorlax (IV: 26%) until 08:27:32AM at 2 Jurong West Street 25 
Here's a recommendation, fucking google it. 

-how I feel about FB recommendations.
10 awesome users just followed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
BOT0855]BBC LIVE NEWS AP*TALK CHAT AP*
💍Diamonds Are A Girl's Best Friend 
Google posts January 2017 platform distribution numbers: Nougat still under 1%, but Froyo is finally dead 
Middlesbrough boss Aitor Karanka happy to let stalwart Stewart Downing go out on loan 
Music stars of 2017: which artists topped the poll of polls? 
 ezraklein  I can think of AT LEAST 20 SCANDALS WITHOUT GOING TO GoogleE. Do you have amnesia? RETARDED?
LinkedIn may move its 10000 employees off Google Apps – and not because of Microsoft - Business Insider 
Squirtle! IV:57.78%,(10/5/11) till 04:27:39pm.   UBC 
How We Use Google Venture's 5-Day Sprint to Ship Marketing Campaigns Faster 
McKinsey finds hard work to do in Big Data Revisited report  Design
Google confirms rolling out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty yesterday  SEO
 Google plugs severe  Android  vulnerability that exposed devices to  spying  security  tech  mobile
Little-Known  SEO Ingredients That Make A Huge Difference In  Google by  iconiContent via  GetResponse 
Google confirms rolling out the mobile intrusive interstitials penalty yesterday via  sengineland  mobile
Google's founders b...  technology  tech  technologyfacts  technologyfact  techfacts  techfact  facts  fact
Unbound Worlds: Top 10 2017 Science Fiction Novels I Want Now.  amreading  scifi
"Very good authentic Mexican food with huge portions and a very cultural atmosphere." says Shreshth G  foodie  food
 mehbailey Please use Google to do some actual research, that pseudo-documentary has already been debunked 
 CNN. That moment when you realize you ARE the fake news.  realDonaldTrump
SlideShot + Google Slides Explore Tool via  alicekeeler
The Night Watch - Google Arts & Culture 
Top government ethics official denounces Trump's business plans - via 
Here are the 25 mid season candidates for the Wooden Award  
Cubone appeared! IV: 46.67% (11/1/9). Moves: Mud Slap,Bulldoze. At 1105 N JK Powell Ave. 5m 18s left. 
SearchCap: Google App for Android updates, call extensions in mobile ads & more 
Has anybody out there successfully communicated with the people that run Google Scholar?
Ice Cube & NBoeing Greats Introduce BIG3 Basketball League in New York City 
And with one tweet, Google's upcoming season.
First Look: Joseph Fiennes as Michael Jackson in ‘Urban Myths’ Trailer - 
Marcy's Fleece Pussyhat Sew Pattern.pdf - Google Drive for those of us who dont knit but do sew  pussyhatproject 
 VcRTeX idk how to even explain it. Here's the info from google "A gangster family epic set in 1919 Birmingham, England and centered on a
DNC 'Russian Hacking' Conclusion Comes from Google-Linked Firm    google  crowdstrike
Snorlax 60.00% (10/6/11/Zen Headbutt/Earthquake) (29m 33s). Expires   19:27:09. 
 TheSeattleTimes Detroit auto show: Google, Camry and the shadow of Trump. Read Blog: 
CUP:Slowbro 46.67% (9/6/6/Confusion/Ice Beam) till 16:27:09 (29m 44s).
CP for lvl30+: 854

Monique E. Pugh completed the quest The Fourth Puzzle! 
01/11 18:56 / 6219 Hunter St, RA / Alarm (52C1G) / O1 / 037T / RFE16 RFL1
 97busans DKDKDKSM GoogleE TRANSLATE SAYS THE SAME THING
Google Cloud Platform launches Key Management Service in beta 
He helped create the 'Google Brain.' Here's what he thinks about AI now 
Machop appeared! IV: 62.22% (5/10/13). Moves: Karate Chop,Low Sweep. At 902 Sea Mountain Hwy. 19m 24s left. 
Peter Thiel, Trump's Tech Pal, Explains Himself - New York Times  Google  News  Tech
Google Calendar is a blessing.
"Study: Microsoft Teams set to pass Slack, Google Hangouts as second most-used business chat app in next 2 years" … 
Grimer available until 07:27:06pm (29m 52s). unknown / unknown (0.00% - 0/0/0) 
 hmemar "Nvidia says existing Shield TV devices will get new one’s features through a software update in January 
 AWS quietly purchased a cybersecurity firm  via 
 NeeNeeLove4   Google all the complaints.  Get a new presc,  My hubs and I r sick all the time from this garbage drug
 Perth  WA  Property Perth's mansion price slump could be coming to an end 
Searching Deep And Dark: Building A  Google For The Less Visible Parts Of The Web - IFLScience : 
MSU's  12.5 million parking garage opens for business

 joyreaper He was an outspoken leader of the birthed movement, which was plainly racist. 
At loss with words  
 pugsandkissses Here is what I did quickly.
Take your pick!

 SocialMedia  SMM  Marketing  Business  Google  Facebook  Twitter  Manchester 
 Google PlanetGreen: 5 recipes to fight the winter blues 
Arcanine appeared!
IV:51.11% (7/8/8)
Moves: Bite/Fire Blast 
Despawns 04:21:42pm (24m 34s). 
AVAILABLE NOW ON ITUNES, SPOTIFY, GoogleE PLAY, AMAZON AND MORE!!! DOWNLOAD🔥🔥GHOST🔥🔥

Now  Google &  Stanford are researching a new Tangible Programming kit that looks very promising.  STEM  PBL  Code:… 
 hermione_turner Google it
 Wizzrobe GoogleE
People love asking questions to shit they could just google.
Volkswagens new Microbus is even more 'hippie' than the original  London  
Try Google next time. The answer was: DOUBT
Got an Android phone? Give the  ReflexGamingLtd app a try! 
Visit  Exclusive Google  1  Offbeat  LTCartoons  Discount  gifts  cards  mugs  tees s  keychains  zazzle  stickers 
Google Is Testing Android 7.1 Nougat For Chrome OS  chromeos
 shinguardian  samstejskal There actually is a Salzburg in Germany. 
Get on the guest list for the show TONIGHT at 8! Click here —> and we’ll contact you with t… 
I don't know what I would do without google calendar, I really be busy 😰
Rumors are true. My  Google  PixelXL and I decided to decommit from  verizon and will be taking our talents to  Cricketnation.  cricketclub
. MAGA_Thunder  Good lord.. are you pretending to be ignorant of his corruption?  Easy to Google. Do it.   uzebeckatrente  newtgingrich
 NormanGoldenll you know absolutely nothing about Johnny Depp and that is what annoys me about you, Norman. Google him and the hospital
Jesus a gold salesman?
Christian Register - Google Books - 
Go home Google, you're drunk.  NotMetal 
Never saw such a tiny   Vampire !
  100YearsLove
iOS：Android：
 97busans yeah nvm i got it . u used google translate didnt u .
Black Google Cardboard Kit with Straps by D-scope Pro 3D Virtual Reality Compatible with Android &.. 
How Google Analytics ruined marketing via  techcrunch
Amen!
REWIND.mp4 
If you have a pop up on your blog then I say get rid off it before it's too late. Google's penalising for it now🙊🙄… 
 jack_p  statesman I was google image-searching lakeline today and saw this came from the company that remodeled the food court.
Porygon available until 07:25:10pm (28m 29s). Tackle / Signal Beam (57.78% - 7/8/11) 
2 great  names I just found avail. with our new  AndroidApp - -  :

"Google may sell off its satellite imaging division" via Engadget 
If you are using Google Images to search for images to use in training stop, just don't do it.   ATDTK
The Google Hardware Giveaway | Tech Deals

Pear & Salted Carmel Cake & A Baker's Dream Giveaway! 
🔊TWEETSHEET SUPPORT  AUSTRALIA  CANBERRA🔊FEBRUARY 9 2017🔊 ProtestDogMeatTrade  SouthKorea➡
Exclusive: This image could be the world’s first look at the Galaxy S8. 
 danwalker1979  CynthiaMaRose  Acosta WTF are you even talking about idiot? Why would I have a MOS? What's yours? Hurry and google something
34 awesome users just followed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
Enter BlocksMC's New Year's Giveaway  10 Google Play Gift Card Giveaway   …
Road Hazard   I-20 WB EXPY SW / JOSEPH E LOWERY BLVD SW 
 cybersecurity The Top Cyber Security Risks In Asia-Pacific In 2017  infosec
 cybersecurity Proposed cyber security facility set for riverfront location  infosec
 cybersecurity Los Angeles Valley College pays  28000 in bitcoin ransom to hackers  infosec
Ok I got an image for everyone 

I'm cooking 
Listening to my Google home really loud 
Dancing around my living... 
 cybersecurity GCHQ backs cybersecurity start-ups in new Cheltenham hub  infosec
What does it feel like to hear you have cancer?  susiemiller5  podcast 
 cybersecurity MARTY RUSSELL: Not just for cold, flu season any more  infosec
 KevinDe01919097 Im doing fine thank you. And thanks to Google search engine 😀
Snorlax available until 07:26:10pm (29m 49s). Lick / Body Slam (51.11% - 8/0/15) 
In First Trump News Conference, Sound, Fury and a New Plan

 enterthematrix5 Google says EU, which doesn't narrow it down much.
On January 9, 2017 local time, when jointly meeting the press with Minister of Foreign Affairs Augustine Mahiga of… 
poor  rozweston couldn't get  GoogleTranslate to stop talking while trying it with  mochafrap 
Tech Startup Globality Wants to Connect Marketers With Small Agencies  SocialMedia
SnapChat makes UK its Europe commercial HQ  Snapchat  UK  Europe commercial HQ Sequel to online reports which… 
Lickitung appeared! IV: 55.56% (10/5/10). Moves: Lick,Stomp. At 1610 Church St. 26m 17s left. 
Hi  m_4rina,
See our  success  collection on:
 GooglePlus  Instagram 
Magic Submitter  Software - Dominate The Search Engines - - All On AutoPilot Top Of  Google 
Following the passing of Professor Dr. Roman Herzog, Former President of the Federal Republic of Germany,… 
Snorlax available until 07:25:59pm (29m 40s). Lick / Earthquake (42.22% - 5/8/6) 
Trump conducts sting operation to ensnare intelligence briefers via 
Ivysaur 64% (2/13/14) razor leaf fast/solar beam) till 
Google's  AI Has Reinvented the Master Language  AGuyCalledGil  feeonline via  SprkyBot… 
China begins construction of National Memory Chip project  China  Hardware  China have today flagged off the… 
 Google VOANews: UN: 750,000 Civilians Remain in Western Mosul Ahead of Offensive 
 davidasilva there could be a long tail of random domains that are through Google G Suite, so essentially GMail. That’s what my emails are.
 Google VOANews: Media Decisions on Reporting Claims About Trump Stir Controversy 
President Jacob Zuma has appointed new commissioners to serve in the Public Service Commission. The President has… 
For the first time ever, a bumblebee is on the endangered species list  downloader  androidapps
Tillerson is dead wrong in what he told the Senate on climate science  downloader  androidapps
Linux Kernel, Mesa and Wireshark tops openSUSE Tumbleweed new year update  Hacking  Linux  Opensource  OpenSUSE … 
Solar industry is adding workers 12x the pace of the rest of the economy (PBS)

Looking for work? Google "renewable energy jobs"    
Donald Trump to star in Songs of Praise show on his Scottish roots via 
 tommyspaulding7 Perform during  SUPERBOWLWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
heart warming story, eh?
Spotify offers Barack Obama a job as 'President of Playlists' 
Troubled Quarterback Johnny Manziel to Appear at Shopping Mall to Sign Autographs During Next Super Bowl -… 
The 12th African Union (AU) – European Union (EU) Human Rights Dialogue took place on 10 January 2017 in Brussels,… 
iPhone gains ground, but Android's still top dog - CNET: Google's mobile software continues to eat iPhone's lunch…… 
Nintendo Switch: what we're expecting from the new console. 
Dear  Jakobud please check with the Presidio Inn Suites! Super close to our venue & ILM too :-) cc  smashingconf
Off Topic: Dedmon challenges me to Madden, discussing bowling, AOL chat rooms & Call of Duty  Spurs… 
inggitekapr Search results that are... well-done.  KnowNearby  b…
 TakeThatChem why did I spend so much time and money on a chemistry doctorate?  Should have just gone to Google University!
 The new user log in through this URL can get  1 reward 
Lucky Cash is a great app to make money in your spare time.

A senior delegation from the UK’s Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) and Department for International… 
Nutrition classes starting in January 
Dad who treated son with maple syrup hawks nutrition business 
Squirtle appeared! IV: 80.00% (13/11/12). Moves: Bubble,Water Pulse. At 1600 US-501. 3m 12s left. 
Holland Hospital to host physician lecture on nutrition, fitness 
Today, in the wake of the 12th AU-EU Human Rights Dialogue, the EU signed a €1.8 million grant contract with the… 
Neil Patrick Harris as Count Olaf, I'm in. 


 asianjunkiecom google play music
LinkedIn may move its 10000 employees off Google Apps – and not because of Microsoft 
[Jurong East] Snorlax (IV: 73%) until 08:25:31AM at 42C Penjuru Rd 
Break Away From Your Comfort Zone - La Moda 
The programme, funded by UK aid from the government of the United Kingdom, is currently providing unrestricted… 
this is one super awesome kid 
Fix your stream  cbcradio  CBCRadio2 it no longer works on  tunein which means can't listen on  amazonecho or  Google  Home
Jesse Ventura’s last match in Boston was against “Chico Santana” – Boston Garden Balcony 
The President of the Republic of South Africa, His Excellency Jacob Zuma, has on behalf of the Government and the… 
Be Your YOUnique Self 
I'm definitely from the South because I had to google why the churchbells out here ring 5 minutes to the hour every few hours
Wartortle appeared! IV: 55.56% (3/7/15). Moves: Water Gun,Aqua Jet. At 218 N Kings Hwy. 29m 52s left. 
A wild Snorlax popped up Downtown! Available until 19:22:24 IV:35.56% MOVES:Lick Body Slam (26m 30s). 
If any girls compares the bachelor to how a real man should be just google how many of those "marriages" have lasted more then 6 months.
I need to stop typing Google into the Google search box 🙃
The 12th AU-EU Human Rights Dialogue was concluded today in Brussels, Belgium. The Dialogue was led by the AU… 
Why is this being ignored?    notmypresident 
"Degrassi" Pushes Teen Abortions in Television Drama's Latest Season  LifeNewsHQ

Now I read a book called "Traffic Explosion Secrets". Very useful information. You can read it here 
Life immitates "Bridesmaids" 
On 11 January 2017, the Council extended the mandate of the EU mission EUCAP Sahel Mali for two years, until 14… 
Game Developers Pick Their Most Anticipated PlayStation Games 
 ThePen50gi Everyone at Google is probably looking at you right now and thinking "It's HIM who do dis to us!"
...into the fire  
A 46.67% (12/3/6) Wild Parasect Appeared.
Available until 07:02:57pm (7m 15s)
Moves: Bug Bite/Solar Beam.  
African Union Commission (AUC) Experts in Trade related issues are currently brainstorming in Nairobi, Kenya,… 
 basso_tom  LMT978  AsennaWealth  Trader_Dante Big Thank you to Market Wizard Tom Basso 1993 article change my life… 
Oddish 93% (15/15/12) razor leaf fast/sludge bomb) till 
Ain't that the truth?    notmypresident 
Not recommended: Validating an auth token by checking for an URL including that token but ignoring the HTTP status… 
Fun interview with  PeterThiel, in which he jabs at Amazon, Google and Apple. Playing confirm or deny w  MaureenDowd 
ENGIE (announces the signature of a partnership with ANER, the National Renewable… 
The scariest plane crashes | 
More coherent, if nothing else...  
President Jacob Zuma has today, 11 January 2017, signed the following ten Bills into law. Taxation Laws Amendment… 
Why not try the  ReflexGamingLtd app, now on Android! 
The former British spy behind 'dirty Kremlin dossier' via 
Got a new piece of hardware, but I sent it to the wrong house. Luckily they are bringing it here. Shoutouts to Google Auto-Complete.
Fun in the palm of your hand from  ReflexGamingLtd ! 
 realDonaldTrump trending on Google: "Golden Shower", thanks DJT. 👀 looking forward to your impeachment, vile trash.  notmyPresident
Dunno. Google it. 
LaSalle Dratini 28m 36s 68.89 12 7 12 Dragon Breath Aqua Tail 
I finally stepped out of my progressive bubble—and now I understand why people hate “the liberal elite” 
Apple is already winning the wireless headphones market with AirPods 
NPR: Trump D.C. Hotel Contractors Say They're Owed Millions. & "the beat"goes on, as in beat working ppl out their  
Whoops, wrong
 lachristygreen  Soldier1eaODGrn  HoustonChron
 fasterbonniekat Google him..."Ed Geins was a notorious killer & grave robber. He inspired the creation of several film characters"
FCC voices ‘serious concerns’ over AT&T’s zero-rating scheme 
 Google UberFacts: UberFacts More info here: 
Guy Tries to Prank Girlfriend and Things Go Absolutely Terribly 
Redondo Beach - Starmie Available until 04:17:46pm (22m 22s). 
After delays, Android Wear 2.0 is finally set to arrive in early February 
Cloudflare explains how FBI gag order impacted business 
Mota Engil sells Aruba assets - Partnerships Bulletin (subscription) - Google News
Nidoqueen available until 05:24:13pm (28m 52s). Bite / Earthquake (51.11% - 6/13/4) 
Pre-orders of Nintendo Switch begin Friday but you probably aren’t getting one 
 ofccadjust  pennybishop16  CoryBooker Google "Booker and Jeff Sessions" Last yr this creep PRAISED Sessions for his support on Civil Rights
Wtf??!! google is recording and analyzing almost everything we say. 
Google Map's Foursquare-like lists feature is getting closer to launch from  TechCrunch
 Google verge: Everything you need to know about California’s recent storms (via CurbedSF) 
Protesters take homeless stand with human shield at Apollo House despite High Court order telling ... 
Homeless campaigners refuse to leave Apollo House despite High Court order telling them to vacate 
Survey to count local homeless on Jan. 26 
Turkish mall rolls out the welcome mat for homeless dogs as temperatures plummet 
Dratini has spawned!  Despawn: 19:23:38 (28m 20s) IV: 33.33% (5/3/7) 
Homeless in tents ordered by Truro NatWest bank to leave its land after trouble erupts 
Google : inggitekapr Search results that are... well-done.  KnowN… 
The Official TF2 Twitter Roleplay Accounts List:
Retweet to help spread the list.
Like if you'd like to be added.
The model blue_eyes96 is now live! En vivo por  camgirl  sex  webcam 
Obama: Race Relations Are Better Than They Were 10 Years Ago, ‘No Matter What Folks Say’ | Mediaite  LilMissRightie  
Wess Morgan - You Paid It All   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
 Ten9Promo Purchase 'Forward' by  FLAME314 HERE:
Google Play: Cop=|||||||||||||!!!!!!!!  ClearSightMusic
 JerBearFromYT OK Google how do I block bee movie from my life
I liked a  YouTube video from  qbking77 Google Daydream View Unboxing! Pixel vs. Pixel XL
 PoliticallyInct  KING5Seattle  space_needle  colepsc thank goodness for the Google...
Maine Farmers Seek Place in Booming Pork Industry 
Cannabis farmers seek legal way to grow 
Google Voice is getting an upgrade Stick w/ the company that stays on top, call  DNR today!… 
Know Your Neighbor: Daniel Martinez says farming is 'in [his] blood' 
ASAP announces 14th Business of Farming Conference and Winter Workshops 
Is there an alien landing site in Antarctica? via  MailOnline
Study: Microsoft Teams set to pass Slack, Google Hangouts as 2nd most-used business chat app in next 2yrs  geekwire
Billions Spent on Farm Subsidies Don't Lower Food Prices or Reduce Hunger 
After delays, Android Wear 2.0 is finally set to arrive in early February  Wearables  Google 
DHS should have a cybersecurity unit, says panel chairman - ITworld  CyberSecurity
Twitches vods are now loading on google chrome for me, I dont know if this was a real problem Twitch fixed or something weird with chrome
 inggitekapr Search results that are... well-done.  KnowNearby 
Will gene editing promote 'industrial farming'? Are there sustainable alternatives? 
McIlveen urges agriculture sector to look to a bright future 
Russia, China -- and the US -- are biggest geopolitical cybersecurity threats - CSO Online  CyberSecurity
 Google’s  AI can now lip read better than  humans after watching thousands of hours of TV 
3 Important New Google Classroom Features for Teachers  GoogleClassroom
Governor to announce new office position focused on cyber security - 6 On Your Side  CyberSecurity
3 Important New Google Classroom Features for Teachers 
 nihonmama  kstaubin  ProAudioLabs  AirInvestigate  helms180115 They work together "invest by Olivier Sibille..."
The Chilling Connection Between Chocolate and Child Slavery May Be Getting its Day in Court. 
 isnottay Try "Google after dark"...;)
Awesome Unicorn Adventure Game for Android - Free Download here:

Did you know -' 16% of all searches on Google daily are NEW?!  SEO  PPC  DPOMFACTS 
 deace1  805Bobby  AmyMek  Enigma1008 Google it all true
*my gma asking a question to google on her phone*

"This bitch tells you everything"
[Novena] Porygon (IV: 20%) until 08:24:29AM at 33F Chancery Ln 
What an amazing movement, blessed to know her. President of and Google foundations 🚀🤙🏾 
 emma_wiencek !!! i have one from japan that i had to google the directions for
 the_ayoung  PolitiFact We'll, this says she did. 
 WAPink Shoot Like a Girl next Saturday   01.21.17   Register here 
 GirlsOnly… 
Grimer available until 07:23:46pm (28m 53s). Poison Jab / Sludge (11.11% - 0/3/2) 
SEO Checklist – 6 Things To Monitor After a Website Upgrade  seo  google  traffic  rankings
 jrojasa75 used Google translate, and still a good read, thanks for this
Google Classroom now allows you to personalize assignments. Bravo! 
It's not too late to submit your idea for our Cooperative Leadership Institute!  gocoop… 
Google Cloud Platform Blog: Managing encryption keys in the cloud: introducing Google Cloud Key Management Service… 
 Google GuyKawasaki: Man says band’s music would make good alarm clock, band obliges 
Love our gym, physio, chiro, massage? Help us out by giving us a review on Google! It only takes 2 min. Click here: 
 ga_ruben GOOD GOD (I had to google that)
 TheBackUpOption Look up his exchange with CNN, google "Trump and Libel Laws/freedom of speech". There's other issues but those r biggest
Finally! CNN: Cheetahs, tigers and lions now illegal pets in the UAE. 
It's cute how Google notifies me about things it knows I like 
Google Assistant update adds ability to take screenshots 
 Creepyburton27 Google "Hufflepuff Common Room Ambiance". I want to blast that all the time at the lib. Its perfect.
 steelepierce No, I've not yet heard of that poem, but I'll search for it on Google. Thank you for the suggestion.
I <3 Google keyboard, best one since BlackBerry, and while waiting for voice to get it.. And I love that dem teens on iPhone don't get it.
Why You Wanna - T.I. 
3 Important New Google Classroom Features for Teachers  mlearning  edtech
EdTech&M-Learning 3 Important New Google Classroom Features for Teachers  medkh9  edtech  educacao
 gmail google chrome browser and IOS app - both same result
convert short rss to FULL CONTENT  RSS!  SEO  hosting A Comprehensive Guide to Google…
Promote  Amazon  Affiliate products AUTOMATICALLY with  serp  LinkBuilding Injection of Unwanted Google AdSense Ads
Accident   MARTIN L KING JR DR NW / FAIRBURN RD NW 
Accident   I-285 SB EXPY NW / I-20 EB EXPY NW 
Dratini appeared! IV: 55.56% (6/12/7). Moves: Dragon Breath,Twister. At 135 Weeping Willow Dr. 30m 50s left. 
Not kidding - the fringe Dravidian racist crackpots/DMK+Cong actually try to blame current govt for  jallikattu ban 
“Talking AI Disruption With the Man Who Built Google’s ‘Brain’” by  VLuck 
Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone 
Brian Registe runs PR 4.32. Anthony Capezio, first day back from football concussion, runs PR 4.47… 
 ofccadjust  pennybishop16  CoryBooker GoogleE "COREY BOOKER and TBONE"
Cloyster available until 07:24:06pm (29m 42s). Ice Shard / Blizzard (35.56% - 11/3/2) 
jonathan lemieux completed the quest Waiting to talk! 
Am now researching on Google, how transgender people are treated in Snowden's new homeland of Russia.  YahooNews 
this article is why i have hope in this world 🏳️‍🌈


Gain experience that you can put on your resume or in your portfolio by volunteering as part of our Design Team.... 
 Google businessinsider Here's why bitcoin is extremely volatile 
 bobitoishisname im using google translator kkkkkkk
Franken catches Sessions lying about his civil rights record.  ChipWVTM13  JohnLeguizamo  johnhudd
 Google businessinsider Here's why Wendy's burger patties are square 
alexlaughs Oh no! Just to confirm, have you tried following these steps to regain access to the account: 
oh my god never mind I found I was literally searching for it on google 😂
NASA image shows vast 'hole' spreading across the solar surface  solar
 RajonRondo  NBoeing SEALED NBoeing BoeingSKETBoeingLL BOSTON CELTICS RAJON RONDO PAPER NAPKINS ~ PARTY SUPPLY  Google  Sports
Alphabet dropped its plan for solar-powered internet drones  solar
 Google + TEAM it is counter-productive when notifications and emails are flooded with G+ allow only notifications - emails not necessary
Alphabet's Google shutters solar-powered drone program  solar
New Study Shows How Solar Can Enhance Grid Reliability  solar
CBC News: Missing woman, wanted in Alta. animal cruelty case, has history of dog neglect in Sask. 
Sonic Tomfoolery and Rhythmic Savvy From Systema Solar  solar
Boost Your Bottom Line With Social Media Marketing - 
Autonomous solar boat will recreate Mayflower's historic voyage on its 400th anniversary  solar
Google Kills Its Solar-Powered, Internet-Broadcasting Drone  solar
How Wikileaks' Julian Assange became an enemy of the truth - Chicago Tribune  Wikileaks  G
Binary Options Exposed Review Proof  BinaryOptions
 USC  FightOn USC Football Season Tickets On Sale Now  SportsRoadhouse
Duke plans North Florida solar project  solar
Win Binary Options Signals With 80 Rate  BinaryOptions
 USC  FightOn Trojans Host Wisconsin Friday, Utah Women Saturday  SportsRoadhouse
Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers 
888 Binary Options Demo Account In The Us  BinaryOptions
CNN: These are Trump's ties to Russia. 
Today is the last day to submit a paper for  BSidesTampa CFP: Confirmed speakers: 
The mad capsule marketsworld binary options  BinaryOptions
 TheaPitcher Did Gemma Google 'farm' before she went? The rest of us know what one is, but Gemma.....?
 WeLoveLA  USCTrojans  FightOn USC Football Season Tickets On Sale Now  SportsRoadhouse
 Google  Cloud already encrypts all of the data by default. If you need more control, announcing Cloud  KMS service 
Coverage options, tax credits under Obamacare for entrepreneurs 
 WeLoveLA  USCTrojans  FightOn Trojans Host Wisconsin Friday, Utah Women Saturday  SportsRoadhouse
UNLIMITED TRAFFIC FROM REAL HUMANS FOR 30 DAYS - Via Google, FB, YouTube or Direct for  75 
Govt losing P145B in fuel taxes annually – DoF 
jonathan lemieux completed the quest Damaged Documents! 
Scientists finally discover how stress causes heart attacks and strokes - 
Doctors Reveal Photos of Zika's Effects on 1st Person Infected by Virus in US - ABC News 
(Android) Min - Icon Pack 4.0.6.1
More Info 

Wintry Blast in Greece Imperils Refugees in Crowded Camps  RipEuropa
Mode anima normalized casting vote.1 as regards google up-to-the-minute 40 days - my in eclipse automation caulking iron: csSX
*Apple Maps,*Google Maps,*Yandex Maps,*Bing Maps,*Mobile Devices, Notebook/PC (for E-Mail and Whatsapp Web)._  iHere-28901
CNN: These are Trump's ties to Russia. LOL, it's funny because what he said is probably true.
DeKalb pastor killed by train was 'always helping' refugees  RipEuropa
Refugees & Migrants Sea Arrivals in Europe - Monthly Data Update: November 2016  RipEuropa
Marijuana use no longer barrier to joining Air Force 
[Clementi] Vaporeon (IV: 68%) until 08:23:57AM at 6-710 Clementi West Street 2 
FHA again Reduces Mortgage Insurance Premiums, Lowering Costs for 1 Million Households 
Study: 2024 Olympics Would Boost L.A. Economy by  9.5 Billion - 
In the antebellum United States  a human being's grandchild was just traded. 
Plz see new store of  Google  1   weirdest shop 4   framedprints by  LTCartoons
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM SpeedHermann - Parce Que ( Prod By. Sly Beats ) 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

hi. dankojones. HalSparks I gotcha,this was my attempt at  humor.but hey as a  musician I've now got to. Google your sound/band.best of luck
FCC voices ‘serious concerns’ over AT&T’s zero-rating scheme  
REMINDER: There are NO legal requirements for candidate or POTUS to release tax returns. Google it!


It's not the moon. It's Venus  venus
Follow This Link If You're Interested In 🆓 MUSIC PROMO 🎶🎤🎧 
Mr Eazi
Excited to announce I will be Co-Presenting w/  msspaulding60 at  ice_il on how to use Google Classroom 
Grimer available until 07:23:39pm (29m 49s). Poison Jab / Sludge Bomb (35.56% - 3/4/9) 
How to delete Google Chrome history 
Will  GoogleHome make  SEO obsolete? Learn how it impacts search & what you can do now, by  gointerstellar… 
I liked a  YouTube video from  tezziq Google Fiber.
Ok Google 😂  siempre_divino
Bitstamp adds Ripple currency XRP to trading platform 
NASA takes an amazing photo of Earth from Mars Wales  
 Thrive Google Confirms Rolling Out The Mobile Intrusive Interstitials Penalty Yesterday. Read Blog: 
Bored in the plane, I used  sciencejournal by  Google to follow the cabin pressure during the descent. Curious resu… 
 KeithPowell most likely they're utterly confused by this tweet & had to Google what you mean. Ha! Who am I kidding. That requires reading.
Check out some of my favorite B&W photos in this new collection via  emorata  lp  ttot
 DeidraDavis  magguu_  Godshandofwar  politico  realDonaldTrump Google Trump approval ratings...do your own research...I'm busy!
Scyther available until 07:23:31pm (29m 53s). Steel Wing / Bug Buzz (100.00% - 15/15/15) 
Rapidash appeared! IV: 46.67% (13/7/1). Moves: Low Kick,Fire Blast. At 408 21st Ave S. 15m 37s left. 
 chicclown thaaanks! I'll Google it!
 Google  A Cheat Sheet for Gen. James Mattis's Confirmation Hearing - The National 
 nytimes STILL WITH THE FAKE NEWS??? OBoeingMA LEFT AMBoeingSSADOR SEATS EMPTY FOR MONTHS-GoogleE IT FOR  TRUTH    BoycottNYT 
 LAPD Los Angeles Police Chief *  HSBC USA *  DIEHARD * NAKATOMI TOWER LOS ANGELES *  FBI Biggest Bank Fraud Case 
Exeggutor available until 07:19:47pm (26m 20s). Confusion / Psychic (66.67% - 8/11/11) 
Never had a village. Sometimes it sucks to think about but others, makes me proud he&i can manage it. 
You'd figure Apple would be updated on their map..they making sure to update everything else..meanwhile Google is … 
A wild Rhyhorn has appeared! Available until 02:15:25 (21m 59s). 
I'm now a B-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
vote for me for mayor; i will set up events where you can pay  20 to help smash up a google bus and all proceeds will go to public transit
Some nice new Google classroom features - I really like the usage/analytics one  GAFE
 ShawnMendes  okey I was going to translate this on google and like, what are you talking about? To much HP or it's… 
If need to give a Google Slides presentation in school, for  10 I can design it for you! DM me if you want your pre… 
nvm i figured out how to google
Fruit machines on your phone from  ReflexGamingLtd ! 
Scientists finally discover how stress causes heart attacks and strokes -  Health  News 
Snorlax until 18:18:28 (25m 7s). Moves:Lick/Hyper Beam. IVs:57.78% (9/8/9)   21143 Tomball Pkwy 
 lisastamper I usually use PPT, but am teaching my kids Google stuff. Whatever is easiest. Thank you!!!!'
 Google former parent company* point remains. I clearly need to move to Palo Alto
anyway yeah so i just found out the google translate beatbox trick no longer works, as of mid 2015 thereabouts. :<
Quit smoking through free York Region public health program -  Qwit  StopSmoking 
Thanks, Nathan Meyer, for your excellent review on Google  Feedback2Reviews 
Thanks, Robert Lauterbach, for your excellent review on Google  Feedback2Reviews 
google, are bolo ties still cool?
. DIRECTV They call 3 or 4 times a day and never leave message. Caller ID just says "800 Service." I had to Google it to find it was you.
 Swpah google m8
 Wearables  Google  AndroidWear After delays, Android Wear 2.0 is finally set to arrive in early February:  With…… 
jonathan lemieux dispelled the anomaly! Ghostly Mirror! 
 Wearables  Google After delays, Android Wear 2.0 is finally set to arrive in early February 
Pre-spring vertical gardens are effortless, prolific and rebellious.  greenery  pantone2017 
 CoryBooker Lays Groundwork for 2020 Run at  JeffSessions Hearings  politics
 Barbieluv_1  PikkieGreeff na nim s3 Abidjan bosom kwasia ur ear lyk Google chrome u want to insult our rich culture,mutated human lyk u
After delays, Android Wear 2.0 is finally set to arrive in early February  Wearables… 
Google: alexlaughs Oh no! Just to confirm, have you tried following these steps to regain access to the account: 
. BBCBreaking  realDonaldTrump on the side of pond, 'tea' can mean 'scoop' 'latest news' or 'gossip.'  Compromised… 
 KevCrews Perform during  NBoeingALLSTARWKND. Click here 4 more info: 
 Xbox  VideoGames Microsoft Xbox One Assassin's Creed Unity Bundle 512 GB Black Console  Yahoo  Google
A rundown of the Trump-Russia dossier | US news | The Guardian 
Dratini has spawned!  Despawn: 19:23:00 (29m 55s) IV: 31.11% (1/13/0) 
Official: Google Intrusive Interstitials Mobile Penalty Now Rolling Out 
 marcorubio Well done today! I wish you had more time to probe deeper.

[Pioneer] Hitmonchan (IV: 35%) until 08:22:36AM at 72 Joo Koon Cir 
Through back Thrusday!! 
Call extensions in  PPC advertising is so important for  courtreporters. They provide valuable data for marketers. 
 funder 
Interested in an Impeachment? 

 TheResistance
It's called being a gentleman with gorgeous manners. Google it.  piper_fernandez  TheRoyalButler
No, sorry, the "Inherent Contradiction" department is just down the hall 
Play WorldCraft with Online Multiplayer for FREE NOW! Available only for your Android phone / tablet here: 
Did you know  Thumbelina is actually a great adventure?
iOS:Android:
now just create a js implementaion 
Exeggcute 91% (15/15/11) confusion fast/ancient power) till 
I agree. This episode was beautifully crafted.. 
oh, does this also apply 
to yall   the SY cuz i couldnt even tell 

 BlameLoomy  tidesofglass Google is your friend
Rhydon with IV: 48.89, Moves: Mud Slap,Stone Edge until 05:52:40 (29m 47s) at 
Anyone use a Google Music subscription and if so, how do you like it compared to the other "bigs"?
Syncing to Google Drive, OneDrive and the like, makes transition to a new device almost seamless. 

No need to... 
✔️'em Out ~Hot Video's Musedigital1
 iAmberLASHAE "U AINT ReAdy"
ITunes~Tidal~Spotify~Google Play
jonathan lemieux completed the quest Neat Work! 
HOLY SHIT AMAZON GoogleE TRANSLATED TRANSFORMERS NAMES IN THIS SET AAAA
 StorgieRS  Alisha12287 nah believe me if i get dumbo ill do him justice ill trace that motherfucker off google images, love big dummy
Had to google what pawg meant. Can say your  ass is absolutely perfect and all I want go to is fuck it. 
jonathan lemieux gathered the collection Useful objects! 
Shocker:  realDonaldTrump business conflicts "solution doesn't even meet the basic ethics standard."  ImpeachTrump  
Wartortle appeared! IV: 62.22% (4/14/10). Moves: Bite,Ice Beam. At 514 8th Ave N. 28m 3s left. 
 GoogleStore Quit  facebook and  google products :)
I've reached level 9. I earned   6800 and €1!  Gameinsight  Androidgames  Android
LaSalle Dragonair 24m 8s 66.67 13 4 13 Dragon Breath Aqua Tail 
CNN: Taiwan deploys fighter jets as China enters Taiwan Strait. 
 NickiMinaj  Deals Nicki Minaj Minajesty Eau de Parfum Rollerball 0.34 oz READ DESCRIPTION  Google  Trend
jonathan lemieux completed the quest Little Crumbs! 
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 22.22% (3/0/7). Moves: Mud Slap,Bulldoze. At 4000 S Ocean Blvd. 14m 56s left. 
a lot of these are found to be perpetrated by the same group allegedly being targeted.  Google kkk hoax for evidenc… 
 PoliticallyInct  KING5Seattle  space_needle  colepsc well he'll have to wait for Google Cache to update...
 Google TheNextWeb: Pre-orders of Nintendo Switch begin Friday but you probably aren't getting one … 
Ivysaur appeared! IV: 42.22% (0/9/10). Moves: Vine Whip,Solar Beam. At 701 Salleyport Dr. 30m 50s left. 
A wild Electabuzz popped up Downtown! Available until 19:14:46 IV:0.00% MOVES:unknown unknown (22m 18s). 
Google+ using machine learning to display high-resolution images w/ 75% less bandwidth 
I just received a reward: Inhabited Island!  Android  Gameinsight  Androidgames
Raichu 47% (2/11/8) 
spark fast/thunder punch
till 17:51:02 (0s) 
Lol at  Australia  healthcare : gf sees doctor. His answer: please Google it and see what it says... 
Yay for fake skills! 😕
A mother's fight for daughter's life turned battle for medical marijuana - 
My Horse Prince！
    iOS：    Android：i hate this 
Boston Celtics vs Washington Wizards en directo, NBoeing en vivo  NBoeing 
We have an amazing collection of Malayalam songs and videos all in one place. 
Barack Obama speech: This is the most important passage of the President's farew  
Why is my dad still texting me ?
 Abra despawn 01:15:42 (23m 23s). 82.22%. A/D/S: 9/15/13. Zen Headbutt, Signal Beam. 
 wvfilmguild & how is not being a journalist even relevant? I'm not either, but any numbnuts with Google can find the context of that quote.
 KimKardashian  Deal Kim Kardashian Purple Long Sleeve Evening Dress Angel Ball 2012  Google  Fashion
 SEO expert  dan_shure from  moz explains why you need to understand what  Google search really means 
People keep liking this so I'm gonna hook y'all up

Magmar until 18:22:02 (29m 46s). Moves:Karate Chop/Fire Punch. IVs:17.78% (4/1/3)   22955 TX-249 
just painted a blue square in my yard to trick people viewing Google Earth .nto thinking I have a swpmming pool!
 ShaunKing You stupid white Google. Are no actual Googles smart enough to fight for their own interest? Probably not.
 epic  chelseafc get permission for new 60,000-capacity  stamfordbridge   stadium. 
"Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers" 
 jeterickson Google Foodie apps.
Survey: Third of Global Consumers Open to Google, Amazon Banking 
 Sushi  寿司  鮨 SFGate
Former Sushi Ran Chef Brings  120 Omakase Menu To Polk Street
SFist
The expensive Japanese tr… 
Photography Blog Lens of the Year 2016  photonews  sigma
Automatic Alarm - E037 - Chimney Rock Rd - Gulfton Dr - 17:44 - 
GSuite for business

 Sushi  寿司  鮨 Knowridge Science Report
Which is more likely to raise blood sugar levels: sushi or ice cream?
Knowr… 
The EU's tough new privacy proposals could rip a chunk out of tech companies' ad revenues 
 millkshady here you go
 xsplit help? i keep getting this code when authorising youtube with broadcaster google.apis.requests.requesterror 500
nita uses the search bar to google "google" instead of typing her question in the search bar..
 markseibel  patsyofthesouth Not only that, they were Authenticated by Google.
Psalm 30:4 Sing unto the LORD, O ye saints of his, and give thanks at the remembrance of his holiness.

10th grade parent meeting starts in 10 mins. HHS media ctr. Here’s the link to the presentation 
Fire Event - E067 - Carver Rd - Carmel St - 17:47 - 
Go Daddy issued 8850 certificates without proper domain validation (via  mikeymikey) 
Hurrah wins google emea adwords authorised reseller lavish: JZrmfK 
. Cyn_K recaps the big questions being wrestled with at the Google v  Equustek trial:  
 RAISR  Saving you bandwidth through machine learning｜Google 
No Need to Resubmit Pages to Google Search Monthly 
 Science - Is there an alien landing site in Antarctica? Mysterious 'staircase' found on Google Earth prompts biz... 
 LunaMetrics Increase Revenue with Strategic Audiences in Google Analytics & Google AdWords. Read Blog: 
Chrome OS Android apps will soon run on 7.1 Nougat  chromeos
Chinese President Xi to Promote Globalization at Davos - 
 ShoebridgeC  georgegalloway  GuidoFawkes Is this a wind up. It's a bit late, Chris was outed on the ITV 10pm news. A quick google and ....
 PheelyksArtifex No, no! Just some images I found on google, but it gets the idea across.
"Can you put me on the first page of Google?"  I'm just wondering if they've ever used Google.   FacePalm
America Ferrera, Scarlett Johansson and Zendaya Join Women's March On Washington Celeb Slate. 
I just received a reward: Interesting Island!  Gameinsight  Androidgames  Android
 pretendbullet50 Our Help Center explains the eligibility requirements for a custom URL: 
Why is it that whenever you type  Zoella or  PointlessBlog into google it comes up with pregnancy rumours and stuff!! Like just leave them!😂
 ivianiaxanelyse Just download the app from Google Play (for Android) or App Store (for iOS). Hope this helps. 👍
BuzzFeed   CNN,  Buzzardfeed! They all are losers add MSNBC! They all should have their Plugs pulled IMMEDIATELY!
Brenda white dispelled the anomaly! Lost Time! 
Chansey 31% (7/5/2) zen headbutt fast/dazzling gleam) till 
jonathan lemieux gathered the collection Relics of the Past! 
I voted for the NBoeing players I want to see play in the  NBoeingAllStar Game 2017.  NBoeingVote. Vote here: 
I set a Google alert in 2008 and I'm not deleting it now so 
Apparently it's a big deal. Go to Google, type in "California tree". Glad our news media is on top of this importan… 
 Lightning100 This is how im feeling right now.  rooradio  bonnaroo  2017

People Are Trolling Trump Because His Law Firm Won Russia Law Firm Of The Year 
That weird moment when you google someone's name and find their uncle died recently 
 KatyTurNBC Did you seriously just use the word 'honestly?"  Better Google the definition.
Bresch is the daughter of West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin, a Democrat.  
ACF Google maps not displaying in Bootstrap tabs. This time the simplest solution is the best solution. 
Why Trump’s Conflict-of-Interest Plan Won't Prevent Conflicts of Interest. 
Please tweet for Tilikum  WOWvTaiji 
 Rsherlock Why is Russia described as a communist country? Also, why wasn't this info given to Obama pre election? 
Of these, I really like  2!  MoCoEnglish  
 love u camron dallas
Bambue - Unknown Album - We Don't Give A Fuck.mp3 
 OnAirNow  ~Radio 1: Freedom - Can't Feel My Face via  HCRWorldwide
free arrow svg files - Google Search 
With a  producersguild nod, it will be more surprising if  deadpoolmovie is left off expanded  Oscar Best Pic list 
Even my thermostat's parent company is  google . Company has their hands in almost every industry it seems 
Senior, disabled RIPTA riders urge Governor to save free fare program  PR  PRMonk
PEOTUS Trump's first presser was a PR stunt, because of course  PR  PRMonk
A wild Rhyhorn has appeared! Available until 02:01:53 (10m 26s). 
PR Panel Approves Lower Rate for PREPA  PR  PRMonk
This is so dope.  Jeezy takes us through the lyrics of My President is Black 8years after he wrote it  ObamaFarewell 
Report: PR pros should focus on 'influencer' marketing, VR  PR  PRMonk
IL American Water taking applications for Environmental Grant Program  PR  PRMonk
The worst career mistakes I've made in 25 years of doing PR for Apple, PayPal, Visa, and more big ...  PR  PRMonk
PR Etiquette as a Wedding Pro  PR  PRMonk
Kapuscinski to Step Down as Full-Time PR Director at Oswego Speedway Beginning in February  PR  PRMonk
Senator Kel Seliger elected unanimously to serve as President Pro Tempore in Texas Senate  PR  PRMonk
Man accused in hospital hacking ends 100-day hunger strike | The Sacramento Bee 
can the Google Pixel C be cheaper please I'm broke
 Senate Ted Cruz Goes To Bat for Jeff Sessions SenTedCruz nothiefs
Site Reliability Engineering: How Google Runs Production Systems by Betsy Beyer 
 Senate Ted Cruz Introduces Bill To Designate Muslim Brotherhood As Terrorist Organization SenTedCruz nothiefs
 Senate Sen. Ted Cruz: Rex Tillerson 'Is a Serious Man' SenTedCruz nothiefs
Korean puzzler Coin Shower is actually based on a drinking game 
 Senate Al Franken implied Sessions lied about his record, then Ted Cruz set him straight SenTedCruz nothiefs
Afghan officials probe attacks as death toll rises past 50 - Hindustan Times News!
 Lich Explore these ideas and more!  moe
 Antarctica is about to lose an enormous piece of ice. The question is what happens after that. -  worldnews
 Senate Ted Cruz Tears Into Al Franken at Jeff Sessions Confirmation Hearing SenTedCruz nothiefs
Third of global consumers open to Google, Amazon banking: survey 
 Senate Ted Cruz Steals the Show at Jeff Sessions Hearing With a Pummeling for Democrats That Has to ... SenTedCru…
 ShawnMendes okey I was going to translate this on google and like, what are you talking about? To much HP or it's canadian spelling? 😂😂😂
 Senate Cruz Pounces On Senate Democrats' Hypocrisy During Sessions Hearing SenTedCruz nothiefs
This is big, guys.  realDonaldTrump got THE B Street Band to play the inauguration! They're just as good! 
Omanyte appeared! IV: 40.00% (9/6/3). Moves: Water Gun,Rock Tomb. At 3907-1 N Ocean Blvd. 30m 43s left. 
"Cosmo’s Midnight – “History”" 
"2nd Annual Yams Day Has Danny Brown, Flatbush Zombies, TDE Members, & More" 
alexlaughs Oh no! Just to confirm, have you tried following these steps to regain access to the account: …
"Hand Habits – “Sun Beholds Me”" 
Cory Booker on why he's testifying against Jeff Sessions.   WVTM13  WBRCnews  abc3340  SenateGOP  outmagazine
"Jamie Foxx To Host Shazam TV Game Show" 
"Fifty Shades Darker Soundtrack Also Has New Songs From Sia, Tove Lo, Nicki Minaj With Nick Jonas" 
It's called moronism. It used to be contained to a few folks but is now spreading 
"Albert Hammond Jr. Makes Acting Debut In Social Media-Driven Love Story Newness" 
"Syd – “All About Me” Video" 
Kingdom Hearts 3 and FF VII Remake a Long Way Off  KingdomHearts
"No Thank You – “Juicy J”" 
Huzzah! New Google Classroom features like group assignments and teacher notifications! 
Kingdom Hearts 3 Release Date & Final Fantasy VII Remake Scheduled For 2018 Release  KingdomHearts
"Watch Three Members Of R.E.M. Reunite In Athens, Perform “Superman”" 
'Dissidia: Final Fantasy' Reveals New Character From 'Final Fantasy IX'; Tetsuya Shares 'FF7 ...  KingdomHearts
"Pile – “Texas”" 
Square Enix Director Addresses Final Fantasy VII Remake, Kingdom Hearts 3 Development Status  KingdomHearts
You're going to be waiting a while for the Final Fantasy 7 remake and Kingdom Hearts 3  KingdomHearts
Final Fantasy 7 Remake e Kingdom Hearts 3 non usciranno nel 2017  KingdomHearts
Final Fantasy VII Remake release date update: Square Enix has BoeingD NEWS for fans  KingdomHearts
'Kingdom Hearts 3' Gameplay Features & New Worlds; Prequel Story In 'Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 ...  KingdomHearts
Kingdom Hearts 3 "Still Has A Way To Go" According To Director  KingdomHearts
Final Fantasy VII Remake development has a "way to go"  KingdomHearts
Kingdom Hearts 3 Release Date: KH3 Gameplay Video Expected To Come Out This Year  KingdomHearts
Menendez Grills Tillerson on Mexico: Communists Build Walls Like in Berlin - Breitbart 
Using neural networks to translate by  AGuyCalledGil 
Final Fantasy VII Remake and Kingdom Hearts 3 Still A Ways Off  KingdomHearts
A convo at work about iPhone 10th anniv shifted to old  macs. Decided to google MacWarehouse, I remember pouring ov… 
Final Fantasy 7 Remake & Kingdom Hearts 3 Shows Steady Signs of Development Progress  KingdomHearts
Final Fantasy 7 Remake Release Date May See Further Delay – Here's Why  KingdomHearts
Hear Inspirational Christian Songs selected for you! Download our Android App: 
Turns Out Many Consumers Are Interested in Banking With Google, Amazon, and Facebook - Fortune 
Interview with Ken Hong, Global Communications Director for LG ... - Android Authority (blog) 
Monique E. Pugh reached new skill level in exploring the picture "Japanese house"! 
Snorlax until 18:16:10 (25m 5s). Moves:Zen Headbutt/Earthquake. IVs:35.56% (2/6/8)   29807 TX-249 
We`re all moved in as of today - 2 days till showtime! 

Visit us for your chance to win a Google Home Device!... 
 Diligaf2016  Mrmojorisin682  AndyFelterbush1  sweet_bee47 OK I Google.. God help me.. It's Aussie? Sounded English
DarkMatter Becomes Associate Member of the Leading Mobile Operator Group, GSMA - PR Newswire (press release) 
I'm going to make a pregnancy google. I probably google 16 things a day to look up signs/symptoms or if it's normal🤰🏼
 SarahEBond  We thought it's just another gladiator but I like the way you think. 
Moffett Nathanson downgraded T-Mobile US Inc (NASDAQ:TMUS) to Neutral in a report released today. - Breaking… 
The Google Penalty for Pop Ups on Mobile Is Here - Are You at Risk? via  AlmostPractical
 hannahblmnrch OMG, do not google "gnome grandma." They're all cursed images. 
 CaptainNemo3000  Deplorable80210 Google knows who u are more than nsa bitch
Google is gonna take over the world, u heard it here first
 RNBreakfast  MickKime  AlanTudgeMP  Michtull   
Pple seem2 4get(Tudge under'Juliar')howNasty theseGov'ng us R :  
 0syringe Google Yourself Freestyle
Searching Deep and Dark: Building a Google for the Less Visible Parts of the Web 
Chansey 62.22% (10/4/14/Zen Headbutt/Psychic) (29m 38s). Expires   19:20:34. 
Christians recognised as most persecuted religious group worldwide

Shared from Google News & Weather
Every time you fake a tweet, be better about which pic you rip from Google.
 sprintcare can I get the Sprint Zone app for my unlocked Google pixel?
Chansey appeared! IV: 71.11% (9/15/8). Moves: Zen Headbutt,Hyper Beam. At 3500 N Ocean Blvd. 26m 35s left. 
Do you know ' Amaterasu?' She is such a pretty goddess!
iOS:Android:
 seanhannity please refer to Paddy Chayefsky's follow-up to Vanessa Redgrave's rant during the '78 Academy Awards. Google Paddy Chayefsky
John Legend & Ariana Grande To Perform Title Song On 'Beauty And The Beast' Soundtrack 
Movie review: Collateral Beauty 
Artist Hugo McCloud Searches For Overlooked Beauty In "Veiled" 
Cloudflare explains how FBI gag order impacted business - 
Geraldine photographer Donna Shaw shares the beauty of New Zealand 
'Beauty and the Beast' Photos: New Shots of The Beast's Grumpy Face and Luke Evans as Gaston 
Beauty hits in 2017: Pastel eye liners, feathery brows 
Personal Tech|The Guide to Being an Airbnb 'Superhost' - New York Times  AirConditioning
'For Black Girls' celebrates beauty and empowerment A multicity project validates and celebrates ... 
 balmayo  GMSHTOUR during  SUPERBOWLWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
Dratini appeared! IV: 46.67% (8/0/13). Moves: Dragon Breath,Twister. At None Marina Rd Riverwalk. 18m 7s left. 
ANC4C Treasurer's report for January 2017: 

Google Docs bout to make me shoot somebody
Google has become a consistent player in our family arguments...
 pickasideGoogle  betrayal
More Straight Talk Than You've Heard From a Politician in a Long Time 
GCHQ backs cybersecurity start-ups in new Cheltenham hub - BBC News ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ℅  Computer 
G Suite has kept me organized since 2010. Get a 14-day free trial. Sign up through and message me to get a discount.
Kelly faces tough questions from Senate on border, heroin, cybersecurity in bid to lead Homeland Security - Fox Ne… 
The model heidistar is now live! En vivo por  Ts  Tranny  Shemale 
Had a great day at  Google HQ London. Will work together on counter extremism and finishing the ideology of terrori… 
Trump ties to Russia, "alternate financial institutes" 
Excited about new Google Classroom updates to notifs & ability to assign individual assignments for Ss & groups.… 
Dratini available until 07:20:21pm (29m 51s). Dragon Breath / Wrap (68.89% - 9/10/12) 
Android Nougat's glacial upgrade pace shows why Google's Pixel needs to succeed - PCWorld  GooglePixel  GooglePixe…
Google : alexlaughs Oh no! Just to confirm, have you tried following these steps to regain… 
Porygon available until 07:20:18pm (29m 52s). Tackle / Discharge (55.56% - 4/10/11) 
 Google UberFacts: Commentary from John Dykstra and the VFX crew of Spider-Man (2002) 
what should I do when my "relationship" starts to affect my feminism google search
YES PApI google PhOne periwinkel x3 rawr papi choke on ebooks mouse or formula instagram meme which is illegal Tommy is a
HTC U Ultra, U Play, X10 Leak Again Ahead of Thursday Launch; U Ultra Tipped to Sport Ticker Display - NDTV… 
 iGames  Games  xbox  PS4 Korean puzzler Coin Shower is actually based on a drinking game 
 ESPNRochester  NathanConley Once I google what time 1920 is I'm definitely gonna listen
 Setting4Success Google killed its solar-powered internet drone program - Business Insider  News  smallbusiness  entrepreneur
Arcanine available until 07:19:35pm (29m 11s). Bite / Fire Blast (64.44% - 13/15/1) 
you gone google the lyrics lol 
Staryu 100.00% (15/15/15/Water Gun/Bubble Beam) (29m 37s). Expires   19:19:59. 
A wild Kabuto popped up Downtown! Available until 19:19:03 IV:48.89% MOVES:Scratch Aqua Jet (28m 41s). 
Forecasting for the Future: How to Track  Google  Algorithm Updates - via  highervis,  sejournal  SEO
meanwhile, the city routinely spends ton of cash setting up private bus stops for companies like google

bravo, folks. great priorities
Obama's Farewell: Best thing is that Trump's press conference knocked this "thank me" propaganda off the map.  
Slowbro appeared! IV: 82.22% (13/10/14). Moves: Confusion,Water Pulse. At 508 Wardour Ct. 12m 37s left. 
Where will you be on January 21? Sunnidale Park, we hope! 

Sign up now: 
i died and came back to life does this technically make me a zombie
The big chill: how to get your luxury clients off the fence


A wayward drone almost hit a senator’s plane. Now she’s a drone safety hawk. 
Pinned to diy workshop ideas on  Pinterest: valentine crafts for adults - Buscar con Google 
[[yahoo]] [[google]] [[facebook]] [[kaskus]] [[amazon]] [[youtube]] [[googlechrome]] [[opera]] [[internetexplorer]] [[flock]] [[microsoft]]
Tomorrow is the  Taxanista Open House and Ribbon Cutting Ceremony at 4pm at our new location… 
Pinned to diy workshop ideas on  Pinterest: Google Image Result for 
 Google LeadershipTipss: Remove failure as an option. - Joan Lunden
Alleged Galaxy S8 Case Hints At Design Features  Android  news  Google  Smartphones 
the future: riders to watch in 2017 
As UAV internet proves too complex, Google shifts the Titan team to Projects Loon and Wing  
Alphabet’s  Google shutters solar-powered drone program 
He Helped Create the ‘Google Brain.’ Here’s What He Thinks About AI Now - TIME 
How to Protect your  Website From a  Google Penalty 
 NowPlaying Calum Scott - Dancing On My Own on  RadioITB86 Link: 
How Thinking Like an Introvert Can Help You Get Ahead in Business   marketing strategy 
Fewer Migrants Entered Germany in 2016, and Rejections Increased  RipEuropa
Google's stick out lens - augmented happenstance cheaters: bWB
The Swiss Stock Market Pulled Back On Pharma Weakness Nasdaq (-…  swiss  news  Switzerland
US to build wall with Mexico to stop illegal migrants: Donald Trump  RipEuropa
 pega  jimcramer  MadMoneyOnCNBC "we're not fluff" So there is a tech co that's actually not full of shit (eg  Google  facebook et al) yay!
Many migrants sent home in 2016  RipEuropa
Australian ambassador praises Pope's words on peace, migration  RipEuropa
Welcome to "adfein7033"  indiedev  indiegame  androidgames  mobilegame  AndroidDev
Precarious migrant motherhood in Lebanon  RipEuropa
 ttatmaslany  TheBruun I guess the titular google translator won't help you very much hehe
Google News: How Putin Puts the Squeeze on Dissenters - Newsweek 
Check out 🔥  Google deal from  EE - Google Pixel (128GB Black) at £9.99 on 4GEE Max 25GB (24 Month(s) cont...⬇
Oh, a hard level   gaming  mobilegames  gamedev  unity3d  indiegame  smartphone  pixelart 
Manage email effectively with unified routing settings in Admin console by  google… 
 alexlaughs Oh no! Just to confirm, have you tried following these steps to regain access to the account: 
New  GoogleClassroom features make it easier to learn, teach, manage and build  google  gsuiteedu
I just thanked my Google voice after it defined a word for me........
 jackpowers22  andrewtirtha  BleacherReport Well I can't find the study on google. It's a left-wing conspiracy!! Half-joking....
 Dirty_Water  cspanwj use mayonnaise on sides you grill 🍞 🍞 Google it
Marketers' guide to an outstanding SEO strategy 
Google Maps In MVC by  ajsondev via  CsharpCorner
Brenda white reached a new level in The Secret Society! 
 Mishakeet i was about to google but remembered oh fuck there will probs be spoilers and stopped myself. fucking dataminers.... ruining drv3
*google searches if I can get my feelings surgically removed* 
Lori: (As Shae tries on shoes) “How do they feel?” Shae: (Feeling where her toe is) “Nice and warm.” (06/06/12) 
Magic Johnson Files Lawsuit Against Beverly Hills Jewler  
Research suggests Mindfulness helps to look on the bright side  meditation  research
 GoogleStore I hope to get Google Home this year!
Google is getting better everyday with these doodles.  GoogleTutorials 
Google EDU Announces Differentiation, Data and API Updates to Classroom  edtech
I liked a  YouTube video from  loiranoob DESAFIO DO GoogleE TRADUTOR!
Woman shot in head in Bridgeport remains in critical condition 
 Google GuyKawasaki: Ariana Grande in the style of 1980s pop 
Sacred Heart University Settles Lawsuit, Apologizes for Wrongly Identifying Bridgeport Man as a ... 
Android Nougat Running on 0.7 Percent of Active Devices and Froyo Is Dead, Says Google - NDTV 
Sound Tigers' Leduc staying sharp when his chance comes 
 makaarts I Google everything
janus completed the quest Vault of All Rules! 
Basketball Rundown: Muenster falls to Nolan Catholic, Era upends Bryson 
Shelton Dealer Sentenced For Bridgeport Heroin Overdose Death 
'Capone' sentenced in heroin trafficking blamed in woman's death 
Drug Dealer Sentenced in Fatal Heroin Overdose in Bridgeport: U.S. Attorney 
Will Smith Up For Role In Tim Burton's Live-Action Dumbo 
“Excelsior!” Comicbook Legend Stan Lee to Make Third and Final Salt Lake Comic Con ... 
Shelton Man Sentenced In Connection With Fatal Overdose 
New photo by TIA KATIA 
Bridgeport Mayor Bob Greer decides to file for council seat in upcoming election 
Stamford-Based Synchronized Skating Team Wins 2 Medals 
 jamiegraceh Google Maps is aware of the problem and hopefully there will be a fix very soon.
 gHelp
Financial impact of legal cannabis bill still to be determined - Pacific News Center 
10 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
I wonder who will be our friend...

 jomeara555 Jeff just Google Mr Jiggs and it will show you videos and more information on Mr Jiggs
Lville Golduck 84% (14/12/12) 
water gun fast/hydro pump

Just Pinned to The Law Of Attraction Quotes: bob proctor quotes - Google Search 
Krabby 100.00% (15/15/15/Mud Shot/Bubble Beam) (28m 55s). Expires   19:18:27. 
ASEAN Tourism Forum takes place 16-20 January 2017 in Singapore  tourismnews  travelgeniereg
 charliesixtwo  zbeforey we have asked Google to remove this affiliate from our placement options.
Google confirms rolling out the mobile intrusive  interstitials penalty  | 
janus completed the quest The Fifth Rule of the Explorer! 
If you've ever wanted to tell me anonymously how you feel about me or my blog --->  asktwitter  ontheblog
Tech Startup Globality Wants to Connect Marketers With Small Agencies  Startup
 McNuggetFace_ Google
 zephyrkaze ITS OK I WILL GoogleE
ooooooh its her SHES CUTE YES
Read this so I wld understand Libs.It did.😇🙏🏼✍🏼A Confession of Liberal Intolerance  realDonaldTrump  NickKristof  
 minakimes "Spat?" (Checks google definition 🔎)  Your mastery of the English language continues to inspire me.  MasterfulWordSelection 📝 💪👊
Farewell, Titan 
Type in Anis Belouadah on google images and you get this beauty 
Cf companies with vegan options owned by poc 
How to Use Google Adwords for Your Business -  business  bizitalk 
Jynx available until 07:18:03pm (28m 46s). Frost Breath / Ice Punch (26.67% - 2/3/7) 
 inspiration from  10Ronaldinho: Letter to My Younger Self – The Players' Tribune 
A cargo cruise may just be the cheapest way to travel the world 
Zero-emission Boat Set for Six-year Trip Around World 
 Swil I don't read the MSM, I just get all my news from Google and Facebook
Dratini appeared! IV: 48.89% (7/14/1). Moves: Dragon Breath,Wrap. At 1140 Celebrity Cir. 30m 21s left. 
Apple's iPhone supplier posts rare sales decline - CNNMoney ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v  mobile ✈︎  tech 
Success is when your company name stops being spellchecked by Google.
 juliusbueno salamat kay google translate 😆
I'm playing My Singing Monsters. Check it out! 
Community Manager H/F  CM
Byron Cage - The Presence Of The Lord Is Here   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
 MiramarFD responded to an  ACCIDENT W/INJURIES near MAP:  MVC
Gadgets360:  AdobeFlash is notorious for vulnerabilities that hackers can exploit

* 10 Minutes is All we Have  ConversationAge
 Google Waymo self-driving minivan tests to start -  BBCnews : 
 joemacintosh Korean puzzler Coin Shower is actually based on a drinking game  JoeLikesAndroid
 In AT&T's smart city future, cars talk to each…… 
Exeggcute available until 07:18:24pm (29m 20s). Confusion / Psychic (91.11% - 15/12/14) 
We are now hiring a full-time Cellarman/Packaging Assistant! Visit the link to apply- 
Truth is Clinton stole Sanders’ nomination & was bad candidate – ex-CIA officer Kiriakou (EXCLUSIVE) 
dont google ghost hunger
You can enjoy the another ending of the   LittleMermaid
iOS：Android：
Omo I got gosebumps after checking google 😱 
Send Mail With Attachments Using PHP  email  gmail  google  php  webdevelopment  phpmailer  webdev  html  css  file
Exeggcute available until 07:18:48pm (29m 50s). Confusion / Seed Bomb (95.56% - 14/15/14) 
Appears that  TabooFX isn't everyones cup of tea. Still, I'm hoping it gets picked up by  Netflix_CA.  perioddrama
Alphabet to sell off Terra Bella satellite unit, impacting Google Maps - report 
LinkedIn may move its 10,000 employees off Google Apps – and not because of Microsoft 
Chula Vista: Flareon (60.00%IV 11/10/6 Ember/Heat Wave). TTH: 04:18:40pm. 
Well, would you?  
Alex Winter on Ross Ulbricht case, Deep Web, Dark Net via /r/ Bitcoin 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 01:17:48 (28m 35s) IV: 42.22 Moves: Dragon Breath / Twister . 
"...further confirmation that we have passed the high-water mark of Chinese economic liberalization..." via /r/ Bi… 
Things I use to google: From Troy to New Orleans. 

Things I google now: How many oz. should an infant drink?

😭😭😭😂
How low will btc dip? via /r/ Bitcoin 
it took 14 cruel months between nov.13 top to jan.15 bottom for price to fall even below prior ATH. this time arou… 
Flight To Safety - Jan 2017 Update - Bitcoin mentioned as a "safe haven" asset. via /r/ Bitcoin … 
Disingeneous fakers. via /r/ Bitcoin 
Bitcoin and the March Toward the Abolition of State Control via /r/ Bitcoin 
PSA: For the avoidance of doubt when discussing scaling... Moore's law is not legally binding via /r/ Bitcoin … 
 BOTRAINER  LawyerRogelio Moron..get off twitter, go to Google and enter the words "First Amendment" in the search. You asshole you
Google the lyrics translation it's worth it. Have a good night. Love Shelley
The Art of Managing Multiple Bitcoin Wallets via /r/ Bitcoin 
 sortius not really, Sony Japan's 2Gbps is run on GPON at 32:1, google fibre runs GPON at 10:1
New Post - Differentiating with Google Classroom  edchat  scichat  midleved
 CadizOranges  phantom_cam_  TheAnonnMessage take me out of this. 🙌 I spent ages going through Wikileaks. All google verified. Real deal.
Google is Killing Its Solar-Powered Internet Drone Program 
4 awesome users just followed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
 teacupsandmusic  Dania_H_ oh thank god i thought u were rly showing me up i thought i was gonna have to google that
A wild Dratini popped up Downtown! Available until 19:13:04 IV:48.89% MOVES:Dragon Breath Twister (24m 21s). 
G Suite for Google business... 
Crime dominates conversation at Chattanooga mayoral candidate forum  GasCrimeScene
Discover the Beauty of Mount Rainier National Park in One Day: google_ad_client = "ca-pub… 
New Google Classroom features make it easier to learn, teach, manage and build - 

nice update to Classroom
Hobart gas station donation jar theft suspect charged  GasCrimeScene
Crime dominates conversation at Chattanooga mayoral candidate forum 
Hobart gas station donation jar theft suspect charged 
Tiny Airstream aimed at off-the-grid adventurers at Camper Travel & RV Show: "They've made it so you can go off the… 
Pennsylvania Farm Show helps local food banks 
I'm starting to have to google acronyms (i.e. fwiw) bc I have no idea what the hell it means. I'm getting old.
 DonaldTrump is like downgrading to a slow racist sexiste egotistical version of Internet explorer from Google Chrome.
Okay, Google, this is starting to get ridiculous.  YouveShownInterestInPython 
 tespates Perform during  NBoeingALLSTARWKND. Click here 4 more info: 
Monique E. Pugh completed the quest Luxury Express! 
Grimer available until 07:18:13pm (29m 50s). Mud Slap / Mud Bomb (55.56% - 12/6/7) 
Google-parent Alphabet's drone project may not soar after all     - CNET 
 Latino_Right What if, say, the late Dr. MLK's wife Coretta said it? Would you be inclined to believe her? 
 michaelianblack common scam, they almost hooked my elderly mom with this one. google result on the number: 
Google alerts have been spotty all day and no I won't shut up about it until it's fixed.
Isakson, Perdue, Graves, Allen Applaud Governor Deal's cybersecurity investment in Georgia… 
Makes me wanna google how much a glass backboard costs 
 LAKings  GoKingsGo Die-Hard Hockey Fan Jon Hamm to Host 'The NHL 100'  SportsRoadhouse
The government official in charge of ethics just harshly condemned Trump’s plan. 
 iammcjin is your website coming up on the FIRST page on google? check out for some help!
Just spent part of my snow day lecturing to my AP students via google hangout.  snowdaysnowproblem  boom  21stcenturyteaching
 TalibKweli i found yo ass on google nigga LOL
Omanyte available until 07:17:46pm (29m 35s). Water Gun / Ancient Power (35.56% - 13/1/2) 
 LAKings  GoKingsGo Will Tim Heed make NHL debut vs. Flames?  SportsRoadhouse
 LAKings  GoKingsGo NHL unveils All-Star Game jerseys, and they have an old school feel  SportsRoadhouse
 LAKings  GoKingsGo Dallas Stars' Jiri Hudler's Offensive Outburst Answering Some Questions  SportsRoadhouse
I gave knowledge a unit knowl, google 3 years later gave a unit of knowledge knol, the extent people will go through when crediting costs 0
Pow - Back On The Grid  NowPlaying  6music
 LAKings  GoKingsGo 2017 NHL All-Star Game Uniforms Unveiled  SportsRoadhouse
 LAKings  GoKingsGo NHL unveils jerseys for All-Star Game  SportsRoadhouse
A Comprehensive Guide to  Google Search Console for  SEO Success 
Hyperwallet Expands to London as Europe's Gig Economy Swells  Cahoot  heroeseverywhere
 WeLoveLA  LAKings Die-Hard Hockey Fan Jon Hamm to Host 'The NHL 100'  SportsRoadhouse
 Senate Ted Cruz Goes To Bat for Jeff Sessions  SenTedCruz
 LAKings  GoKingsGo Datsyuk attending all-star weekend – is he on NHL's list of greatest players?  SportsRoadhouse
New APK: Google Sheets 1.7.012.06 by Google Inc. 
 WeLoveLA  LAKings Will Tim Heed make NHL debut vs. Flames?  SportsRoadhouse
 Senate Ted Cruz Introduces Bill To Designate Muslim Brotherhood As Terrorist Organization  SenTedCruz
 Senate Sen. Ted Cruz: Rex Tillerson 'Is a Serious Man'  SenTedCruz
 WeLoveLA  LAKings NHL unveils All-Star Game jerseys, and they have an old school feel  SportsRoadhouse
 asianjunkiecom U mean the new WM Ent artist, I? A stage name like that is certainly gonna be hard to Google! 2017's G.I. Global Icon.
 WeLoveLA  LAKings Dallas Stars' Jiri Hudler's Offensive Outburst Answering Some Questions  SportsRoadhouse
 Senate Al Franken implied Sessions lied about his record, then Ted Cruz set him straight  SenTedCruz
 WeLoveLA  LAKings 2017 NHL All-Star Game Uniforms Unveiled  SportsRoadhouse
 Senate Ted Cruz Tears Into Al Franken at Jeff Sessions Confirmation Hearing  SenTedCruz
 WeLoveLA  LAKings NHL unveils jerseys for All-Star Game  SportsRoadhouse
 Liltrotski yay for google calendar 🤗
Snorlax 82% (14/12/11) 
lick fast/body slam

 Senate Ted Cruz Steals the Show at Jeff Sessions Hearing With a Pummeling for Democrats That Has to ...  SenTedCruz
 WeLoveLA  LAKings Datsyuk attending all-star weekend – is he on NHL's list of greatest players?  SportsRoadhouse
google-admin-sdk (4.1.0): node.js library that wraps the Directory and Groups APIs in the Goog...
 HRCIn2020  HillaryClinton The electoral college exists for good reasons. You think you're smarter than Alexander Hamilton?  Google it.
 Senate Cruz Pounces On Senate Democrats' Hypocrisy During Sessions Hearing  SenTedCruz
After the Trump dossier, James Comey is running out of excuses.  Trump  russiagate  
Track exit clicks using Google Tag Manager in 10 steps -   orbiteers 
If you don't have a Google Voice phone number and call a regular number from…  googleplus
Dragonair available until 07:17:52pm (29m 53s). Dragon Breath / Dragon Pulse (66.67% - 8/8/14) 
A Free Mini Lecture Demo in Life Sciences with Professor Jonathan Bacon from Sussex University at IDP Cairo.… 
Are extra terrestrials monitoring our civilization? Maybe. Find out with UFO-CQ  UFO
Ready for  GoogleForEdu  google training with 36 eager participants who are ready to go digital.  OCPSnews Thanks… 
Adriano has wasted career, but he's happy - Leo Moura 
 blandatious Johnny Cash... Hurt - One of the most moving songs ever... covered by Nine Inch Nails.  No google needed my friend
I find it hilarious when extremely intelligent geniuses giggle..classic!


I don't think that's correct, Google. via /r/softwaregore 
Exeggutor available until 07:17:36pm (29m 39s). Confusion / Solar Beam (71.11% - 13/9/10) 
The link below is for the NTI day 1 assignment. This will be your last reminder before it is due. See you Tuesday!


Russia has no compromising info on Trump or Clinton, report is ‘total bluff’ – Kremlin 
Should SEOs Only Care About DIRECT Ranking Signals in Google? - Whiteboard Friday | 
 Googleorg Dear Google,
I have amazing ed-tech ideas that I would love to materialize soon!
Would your team be interested in a partnership?
Lickitung 69% (8/8/15) 
zen headbutt fast/stomp

He Helped Create the ‘Google Brain.’ Here’s What He Thinks About  AI Now 
 pxlsicle Hello,Ian. I was diagnosed with Crohn's disease last year. Google it. Have your Dr's done a colonoscopy? Your symptoms sound close
Didn't know Lenny Bruce died on the toilet shooting up smack... 
Peter Thiel, Trump's Tech Pal, Explains Himself. 
Drudge Report on Google Play Store. 
Chansey 44% (5/9/6) pound fast/dazzling gleam) till 
Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers  IoT
 _Ryuik Thx a lot for the help anyway ;A; even with Google these things never start to make sense to me when it's Japanese xD
📈 "Iris" is trending today on Google Denmark (1000+ searches) 
“The mind-blowing AI announcement from Google that you probably missed.”  AGuyCalledGil 
Saving you the Google Search.  realDonaldTrump  Goldenshowers  Watersportsgate 
📈 "CNN" is trending today on Google Sverige (20000+ searches) 
 Victoria_Kerr  andykerrcarter  alisonthewliss A popular venue for Societies to meet plus wedding receptions. Lots on google-intimations etc
📈 "Trump Twitter" is trending today on Google Sverige (2000+ searches) 
 debjoytuc google the update names and see if other people are having the same issues as you and see if there is a known fix.
 ahtalol Google fitdance. Profit
. Apple,  Google,  Facebook lead in  CleanEnergy and policies says latest  Greenpeace report… 
EAST 2017  11: Use of Incompatible (Type A) Plasma For Massive Transfusion

 FOAMed  
Saudi husband sends videos of one month infant abuse to divorced wife     TRobinsonNewEra
When work meetings prevents me from being a fangirl...
 GoblinTheLonelyAndGreatGod 
 Legendofthebluesea 
 Hwarang


Exeggcute available until 07:17:22pm (29m 49s). Confusion / Psychic (91.11% - 15/15/11) 
GoogleE AMP CACHE, AMP LITE, AND THE NEED FOR SPEED

Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers  SocialMedia 
Who Is Sarah Isgur Flores? And Did She Really Have An Affair With Ted Cruz? - —SESSIONS REP 
I reached level 38! Join me to WIN BIG in  WillyWonkaSlots 
I can just hear all my Tweeps now: "Who the hell is Goggles Paisano?!" Google or YouTube it, then compare the images. Striking resemblance.
Okay Google, show me this guys balls please
A wild Grimer has appeared! Available until 02:16:05 (28m 34s). 
it is extremely funny to me that this is what comes up if you google "jaguars head coach" 
Air Pollution: No Indian City Found WHO Norms-Compliant - NDTV  world health organisation - Google News
Google's model isgset up to give users the best search results to keea them coming back. (Google Webmasters)
Check Mindshift Music on YouTube, I-Tunes and Google Play Music. Playing the hottest tracks in… 
google listen, taking me walking through a strip mall parking lot may be the *fastest* route but it sure as hell isn't the smartest
*Types in google* "best slow cooker beef stew recipe"
Results: page 1 of 1000000
Every recipe: 
 ShawnMendes i had to google it to know that it's a harry potter thing and i swear i watched all of the movies
RSA: Growlithe 95.56% (14/14/15/Bite/Body Slam) till 16:16:54 (29m 41s).
CP for lvl30+: 941

printable pokemon party games - Google Search 
When you google Keith Nolan it's the first picture that comes up I always go with the first one 🤓 
 JayFromTGF you guys need to be shown on google box, everyone's reactions would be absolutely priceless 🙈
Rattata 100.00% (15/15/15/Quick Attack/Dig) (29m 37s). Expires   19:17:02. 
we did not contract with this site. They are an affiliate of the Google Ad Network. We have asked to remove this site as a placement option.
Saudi husband sends videos of one month infant abuse to divorced wife     TarekFatah
Hitmonchan appeared!
IV:53.33% (11/12/1)
Moves: Rock Smash/Fire Punch 
Despawns 04:00:50pm (13m 25s). 
G Suite is offering a 14-day free trial. Sign up through and message me to get a discount.  GSuite
You should Google "Twitter". 
When is the Women’s March - and how can I get involved?  GOALny  WVTM13  HillaryClinton  JohnLeguizamo  HRC
 AndyEyeballs i did that when i had a ton of pumpkin!! i have FIVE CUPS OF MASHED PUMPKIN, GoogleE, AND I'M NOT 10x-ING THE RECIPE
Enterprises Prefer Microsoft Azure While SMBs  softwaresurveys,  money, online, business 
Magneton available until 07:15:21pm (28m 7s). Spark / Discharge (62.22% - 12/14/2) 
Friendship nourishes growth in Rise of Darkness 
Creating Canned Responses in Gmail  mail  EdTech
 Gamecheat13  ZeMjex  HaruspexOfHell  IXCortanaXI I'll have to Google it and see if I can find what he said. I know he did say a statement 🤔
Nidoqueen appeared! IV: 66.67% (13/13/4). Moves: Poison Jab,Earthquake. At 201-299 Starcrest Cir. 30m 55s left. 
Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers: 
3 Ways to Use  GoogleAnalytics to Evaluate Your Audience :  SocialMediaMarketing 
website live now! Check it out! Be warned! google translation widget,hilarious transl so my apologies in advance:)
 KenDiesel vs google cars! Yes I'm surprised how advanced tech has become and I'll get to witness it.
Tech: Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers 
 ditchsummit  RivertonSchools Great webinar. Love discussion of drawings, slides, video, google classroom. 
 sebson17  cpeden_ 100% searched "gay piano" on google images 😂
I wait for you in the land of 100! Puzzle Game  indiegame  AndroidDev  gamedev  indiegamedev  indiedev
Kadabra (68.89%,(15/7/9) Confusion & Shadow Ball) until 16:10:43 (23m 38s).
 iainlevine  hrw  JacksonDiehl Isn't Google enough for this subject?
Automatic Alarm - AR0854, E063 - N Terminal Rd - John F Kennedy Blvd Ib - 17:39 - 
Definitely not the google glasses, but still a fun live streaming project with the Debian operating system 🙏🏾🙏🏾 (2/… 
 Google VOANews: Democrats, Republicans Cautious on New Russia-Trump Allegations 
 Google VOANews: Mexico's Peso Hits Record Low on Trump Talk of Wall, Auto Tax 
The mind-blowing AI announcement from Google that you probably missed. 
<-download German Brunette with Big Tits Fucked  naked  teen  porn  xxx
Google Cloud rolls out encryption key management service via  ZDNet 
Poliwrath until 18:15:59 (28m 59s). Moves:Bubble/Hydro Pump. IVs:46.67% (12/7/2)   10467-10477 Lake Rd 
8 Cool Tips and Tricks for Google Hangouts You Didn't Know Existed  tech  free  tricks  tips
Electabuzz until 18:16:24 (29m 30s). Moves:Thunder Shock/Thunderbolt. IVs:40.00% (5/2/11)   12550 Louetta Rd 
[TECHCRUNCH] As UAV internet proves too complex, Google shifts the Titan team to Projects Loon and Wing 
Google classroom is such a great invention
 izy_zyzy that like, usually you can't get thru a normal google search + ppl rarely KNOW they have it, so the doc was like aite we'll check
I need testers/suggestions for Well Heroes. It's hidden as an Alpha build on the Google Play Store. Thanks! 
 TwoCentsOpinion  DamienPerez_  BWhopper41 lmao you just wait. 😫💦👌🏼
 EliLevy_Dev  Turqmelon  Google I asked Alexa what she thinks about Google Assistant: "I'm partial to all AI's."
I've just posted a new blog: Google will now Require OEMs to Prompt before Silently Uninstalling Applications 
Who went on Google and searched " Diagunelly" when  ShawnMendes tweeted??? Lol   MendesArmy  BestFanArmy  iHeartAwards
. SO SAD
Content publishers are continuing to see positive results from  Google  AMP pages >> 
its almost JAN 13 that means its almost the dead line for our  GodBlessSal lets ramp up our game IJ fans!!! go to 
Started to add a reminder to my Google calendar - didn't realise so many templates existed for users 
I wld give you my dad's name to google gimme yours lets see who has a  stupid father are u down for this? 
Hey every1 if you know Spanish can you please answer this survey for my school project? It's really important 2 me 

Liberty Business Database 
Many products have switched from pork gelatin to beef. Google products for class parties, like starburst and rice krispies treats.  ELLs
Google Cloud Platform Blog: Partnering on open source: Google and Pivotal engineers talk Cloud Foundry on GCP 
Rabbi Joseph Gordan - Competition  NowPlaying  6music
Google trips_ a step in the right direction - but only a step _ by alan young online marketing research definition
Police seek man who robbed Midvale bank - --=
Google trips_ a step in the right direction - but only a step _ by alan young online ... - 
You know you use  Google too much when you notice they've ever-so-slightly brightened the green URL colouring on the search results page..!
I HAD TO GoogleE  MIGOS. I'M LOSING MY  STREETCRED OVER HERE.  SOS
Look, I got a Bear Meat!
( ・ω・ )
⊃(::::)=3⊂

+ Carrot

= …!?

 HuntCookGame 
love
Gmail - email by Google: secure, fast & organized - Google, Inc.: The official Gmail app brings the best of Gmail… 
LUFC Fourth Round Tie To Be Shown By The BBC (Google  AFCW)
GoogleE DECLARES WAR ON ALTERNATIVE MEDIA!  censorship  alternative  media  war  peace
The Link Builders Appoints Doug Godkin as Chief Revenue Officer 
[Southern Islands] Hitmonlee (IV: 51%) until 08:16:12AM at 60 Woolwich Rd 
Sunday in Seattle 
They say, Einstein could not have finished the Crystalux. Are they lying? 
After delays, Android Wear 2.0 is finally set to arrive in early February - 
Yahoo &  Google Cookies - 
[Duck] LeBlanc: Bad weather has little effect on fish, ducks 
34 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
hahhahaa he looks like the piece of shit he is! 
Lee Marca AS MD Sport en una sola app app download 
 Athletic  VolandoFornells 
Florida must keep in-state talent away from Alabama, Clemson and Ohio State 
New Google Classroom features make it easier to learn, teach, manage and build  google 
3D-scanned ‘trillennium man’ predicts what evolution has in store for us  downloader  androidapps
Alphabet dropped its plan for solar-powered internet drones - Wondering what happened to Google's solar interne... 
Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers:  startup  startups  entrepreneur  entrepreneurs  t…
 SpotifyCares  eldsjal I know this could be an automatic response, but really, anyone can answer? google these: MQA, Pomo, Tidal, Arcam.
A Lickitung is in Noblesville/Fishers Area. Gone   19:15:46 IV:0.00% unknown unknown (29m 22s).
Apple is already winning the wireless headphones market with AirPods - 
Mr. Brock, I would like to take a few moments out of my day to reply to your… 
 AlasdairMcD hopefully that works!
Locked out of my site after installing the WPML plugin  WordPress  plugin
In  Switzerland , Muslim parents can't prevent their daughters from swimming with boys -  worldnews
 brbwatermelon look up angular cheilitis on google pics, if it looks anything like that you may need antifungal ointment
ShoutCodes Lite  WordPress  plugin
Dealing out delicious dishes - Clint Bates picked up an appetizing addiction he's dishing out to those craving ... 
Top WordPress Comments Plugins  WordPress  plugin
King of dark fantasy. Summon today. App Store: Google Play:  DarkSummoner
 APITConnect - Google Sheets 1.7.012.06 by Google Inc. 
 APITConnect - Google Slides 1.7.012.06 by Google Inc. 
Gaon Popularity Awards has started!! Pls make sure to dl the app & vote for EXO

Android … 
Medical marijuana can soon be delivered to Staten Island patients 
NYers will be able to get medical marijuana home delivery - Cannabis plants in a room at Vireo Health of New Yo... 
This is why Exxon is in need of power from the U.S. government. Too smart for you Asians.  Raiden  self  provoked
Looking for a Podcast App for Android? Check out CastBox at Free and Easy to Subscribe!  Ad
Trump says he'll donate some profits to the Treasury – and so can you - CNBC  GN
 paniq  sylvia_ritter i would never have given google image>tattoo a second thought until this thread. i’d never get a tattoo but still..
Derik Lattig says the following apples to me thanks for any leads jobwise you can send thanks 
Franchise ruling keeps small operators out of small business 
Federal ethics chief blasts 'meaningless' Trump business plan - The Hill  GN
Monique E. Pugh completed the quest A Star is Worn! 
lol my chrome book just took 30 minutes to load google docs.... r u kidding me...
What a great launch vehicle  developed Google for project  loon
It's really worth of view it in action. 
 QAJob Network Test Engineer, Data Center – Google – Council Bluffs, IA  qa  softwaretesting  qualityassurance
 The Future of Trump's DC Hotel Is as Confusing as…… 
modern cross stitch patterns free - Google Search 
The wait for Android Wear 2.0 looks to be nearly over as Google Play is alerting developer… 
 brandonbpod  joerogan It's an analysis of billions of Google porn searches to analyze differences in human sexuality
Tony Rosato, veteran of SCTV and Saturday Night Live, dead at 62 | Toronto Star 
There's lots to love in low-cal slow cooker soup 
Juice Bars Take on the Harbor Area 
 dataprivacy Google may be forced to stop reading your Gmail for ads 
New stats from my upcoming post. 
Horticulture sector seeks share in Rs180b package 
Sysco's Predictions for the Top 10 Food Trends of 2017 
Memoir News: Rory Feek on New Memoir About Joey's Final Days: 'I'm Going to Spend My Life Talking About My ... 
Memoir News: Taraji P. Henson Reveals Her Ex-Boyfriend Physically Abused Her In New Memoir 
Christ Church lecture series to explore Virginia gardens 
The Google Hardware Giveaway | Java Code Geeks Deals via  StackSocial
UF/IFAS Researchers Show Potential Market for Locally Grown Asian Vegetables 
Here's how Google Maps knows when there is traffic 
I need to spend six months in another big city.
Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers  technews 
 tanayj makes sense. Curious which devices? Could be a big diff between say Samsung and stock google on a nexus/pixel
I think google maps took me to the North Pole instead of Minot...
Google will be forced to stop reading your Gmail for ads: The European Union is looking to take additional steps to…
 dimskies omg I've been trying to google it and I literally don't know where ppl get the original dog vids im cry
Rattata 100.00% (15/15/15/Quick Attack/Body Slam) (29m 37s). Expires   19:15:38. 
Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers via rww  IoT  Tech 
A wild Rhydon has appeared! Available until 00:15:46 (29m 39s). 
RSVP for Climate Convergence & Actions Jan18-21, against the  Inauguration of Donald Trump.… 
The clarityxof what you write matters a lot. (Google Webmastero)
 Krazyfool4  RedSoxfan_101 Per a google image search, it looks like he wore 18 in Portland. Aaron Hill wore it for the Sox.
Gastly 98% (14/15/15) sucker punch fast/ominous wind) till 
Hurrah! Level completion Award. Get involved iOS Android  PlayLinkee
How to watch the Nintendo Switch event 
-  Polygon 

"A new console is a major event in video gaming." - True 
TRUE THO 
 PollySpin  von_scrappy 
Hey I looked that up before I posted it....
 fedtech Working Geek: How Google Maps Product Manager Liz Hunt unplugs 
GTX 1070 on the run, Gigabyte's P57X v6 gaming laptop  gaming  news  mobile
 this is the book I want for my birthday 🎉
[TECH NEWS]  Google's Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers: 
 Tech  News… 
The chick has "GoogleE ME" in her Twitter bio and only 3K followers, so he made a wise decision. 
... the National Adventure Trip (NAT) Civil War Tour is now taking applications  
Its a little dodgy. At least this will push me to get a refund and get le google pixel. 
 Turqmelon  Google Idk, they're just random things you can ask it O.o
Javaaaaah! The New Americano vs. Our Signature Original Blend Brewed Coffee 
 awonderdj Google Play sent me  2 but said I had to spend it by the end of the month, so I got me some of that 🔥 
 sneakSPENCE 245,000 was what google said lol
. alfranken for POTUS 2020  AlFranken2020 
iPhone 8 release specifications point to 2 massive release options 
 SheriffClarke  CarmineZozzora GoogleE Corey Booker and T Bone
Apple's Performance Dependent on iPhone Sales 
Research report explores the consumer payments market in Sweden's for 2016 
Meet new people, chat, find your soulmate, flirt! ♥  chat  webcam  snapchat  videochat  ch… 
iOS vs. Android: Apple iPhone 7, 7 Plus More Popular Than Samsung Galaxy 7 and S7 edge 
New Diebold Terminals Don't Allow Mag Stripes 
Atletico Madrid vs Las Palmas 2-3 - All Goals & Extended Highlights - Copa del Rey 10/01/2017 HD - YouTube  Popula…
iPhone gains ground, but Android's still top dog 
PayPal and Discover partner for US payments 
Android eats iPhone's lunch in most of the world -- for now 
 damico_aimee google maya bay reality 😭 not as nice as in the pics
Digital Classroom: Assign the Science Project with Google Classroom Integration 
Why Apple Could Baffle iPhone Predictions 
4 Key Technologies You Should Add To Your Small Business Arsenal 
Here's How iPhone 8 Could Drive Record Sales at Apple 
Contactless transaction benefits, security outlined in free resources from Smart Card Alliance 
 tytlive America right now:  
Does Apple need an augmented reality smartglasses product? 
RS Software, Paragon Application Systems Partner to Meet Demand for Next Generation Testing ... 
The iPhone decade - 10 games that have defined Apple's iconic smartphone 
Visa promotes contactless payments with gold prize draw 
Search  gobagwesley
Samsung brings Gear S3 smartwatch to India 
Teacher Christmas Ornament, Teacher Christmas Gift, Appreciation Gift, Teacher Present ... 
Greenway news 
How banks can get ahead of the mobile payments game 
Melbourne City to take Adelaide-flavoured side to Coopers Stadium 
The Lost Years of Jesus  dharmachirp
Emergency Preparedness Drill Part I.docx - Running head  gobagwesley
SUV crashes into northwest-side home 
do not google search karen kisaragi and look at images
 Google verge: Windows 10 will soon lock your PC when you step away from it 
4 new photos by David Bergeron 
ERA is a proud partner of the  WomensMarch. Don't miss out - sign up to march with us in DC, SF, or Oakland!… 
Kabuto available until 07:15:08pm (29m 42s). Scratch / Rock Tomb (57.78% - 13/12/1) 
Me: Probably shouldn't Google what could go wrong with a chest piercing 👍
Also me: *search* Worst case scenario of a chest piercing...*dies*
Over 30 levels of challenges..  androidgame  maze  ball  puzzle January 12, 2017 at 05:15AM
Google may sell off its satellite imaging division via  engadget  iot  supplychain
*googles diagunelly but google corrects it to diagonally so you don't know if you're dumb or not* 
LULZ, this synopsis in the Google search for Haunted Summer: 
Second UFO Forces Delay in Launch of SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket - Santa monica Observed 
 HowTo How To Start An Insanely Successful Personal Training Business 
So who's mcfucking hyped for the second release of the Atomos Album, now coming to things like Google Play, Amazon, and uh... iTunes?
Department of Energy finally releases new guidelines to protect scientists from political pressure - The Verge  Sc… 
 HowTo Sony Open 2017: How to watch live on TV, channel, start time from Congressional 
 HowTo How to insert an image into a LibreOffice Base database 
While Mayer had been an employee at Google, "she had no experience as a CEO, and being a tech company CEO requires deep intuition."
 Yahoo
 HowTo Bustle Writer Womansplains How to Womansplain to Mansplainers 
 HowTo Preventing Big Cannabis: How to nip marijuana lobby in the bud 
How to Add Google Drive to Windows Send To menu  Google  googledrive  windows  drive  howto  cloudcomputing
10 Hottest Real Estate Markets To Watch In 2017. 
 HowTo Learn how to make fermented food at Fermentation Fest in Decatur 
Google Is No Longer Working on High-Altitude Drones: The program ended in early 2016 to… |
ISSUE 16 IS ONLINE NOW! Designed by  tburnsy99 &  kinseyscott19 --
Read it here:


Do you play android games....?  puzzle  androidgames  ball  fun January 12, 2017 at 05:15AM
 RFID Guidelines on your smartphone Choose the right  RFID technology for your project 
Google: 'ISIS Origin CIA Program GLADIO B' 
After the Trump dossier, James Comey is running out of excuses 
 Philosophy can teach children what Google can’t: humans need to rediscover flexible thinking via  guardian 
Use a shopping cart approach to benchmark.  purchasing 
Designer Tools - Android Apps on Google Play 
This is the best news of 2017.  
Discover new  fashion  Style with  VirtualOutfit app Android=>Apple=>… 
My boss thinks I'm a genius.

She asks me. I Google it. I tell her the answer. 

Thanks to Google, I'm the go-to employee!
Chula Vista: Flareon (37.78%IV 9/0/8 Ember/Flamethrower). TTH: 04:13:53pm. 
Hey  14michael15 Can you believe that it's been 6,000 days since  britneyspears  Lucky single was released!… 
Ivysaur appeared! IV: 55.56% (0/12/13). Moves: Razor Leaf,Sludge Bomb. At None Rosemary Ln. 17m 24s left. 
 Google The opening concert of the Elbphilharmonie Hamburg live and in 360°. Read Blog:  GOOG
UN Awaits Invitation to Dialogue in Astana on Syria 
 SkrivaFel omg RIGHT!!! It gets even stronger in future. Google deep space 9 is the gayest star trek
About to play The Mar-Tans at Sweet Georgia's Juke Joint ! 
 RSLTotalMLS  SLTID_Jake  TheCrossbarRSL  chriskamrani I've missed the rest of this conversation, but Google Fiber rules.
You can also listen/subscribe at  iTunes or  GooglePlay  
You Won’t Believe What Someone Found On Google Maps. Creepy. 
Google Voice updates are imminent   
The  OfficeGovEthics Director is a nat'l hero for making this strong statement re: inadequacy of Trump ethics plan

I'm pissed off now... the translate on google chrome translated  BTS_twt The Bulletproof Boys as The Bangladeshi Bo… 
Square Dancing w/ Doug Saunders January 11, 2017 at 07:00PM Boparc Adult Recreation Center, 287 Eureka Drive, Morg… 
Urban Kick® at Hooked on Fitness Class is starting in 15 minutes. Are you on your way?? Hooked On Fitness LLC, 426… 
 Google likes web sites with information that updates regularly. Use  SocialMedia!  SMM
Tilt Brush changed my life today. Never seen something like this before. Brought me right back to age 5.  TiltBrush  Google  VR
Are you a busy  socialmedia marketer? Check out these Google  Chrome  extensions:  HootAmb 
Nexus 5X Leather Sleeve | BLUEBERRY MANGO | |  Nexus5x  Nexus5xSleeve  Nexus5xCase  Nexus5xCover  Nexus5xLeather
 New study: Nasal drug delivery technology market worth 64.20 billion USD by 2021 - WhaTech 
Varsity Vocals is looking for a few aca-obsessed individuals to join our Social Team! 
 EliLevy_Dev  Google “What makes you sad” wtf lol
 Dung heaps are rhinos' Facebook - News24 
Reuters India: Third of global consumers open to Google, Amazon banking -survey… 
New APK: Google Slides 1.7.012.06 by Google Inc. 
Google is killing its solar-powered internet drone program


HOROSCOPE MAHJONG
Download from Google Play:

 How the stressed brain boosts heart attack risk - CBC.ca 
 CreativelySmart Social Media Management App has Arrived: Like  hootsuite  sproutsocial  buffer  sendible  smallbiz 
 Mrmojorisin682  Diligaf2016  AndyFelterbush1  sweet_bee47 I really don't know that song..or show.. Guess I should google
Late Night London Students just announced BoeingD DECISIONS // REFRESHERS RELAUNCH  
 Two-year-old's death at BC Children's Hospital being investigated - BCLocalNews 
 Use This  Service To make  Lots of  Money By  Google  Read More  Fiverr  Seo  Smm 
RSA: Eevee 95.56% (14/14/15/Tackle/Body Slam) till 16:14:34 (29m 44s).
CP for lvl30+: 382

Google Image Result for 
hahahaha look at this asshole!  realDonaldTrump 
[Jurong East] Porygon (IV: 80%) until 08:14:29AM at 19 Fishery Port Rd 
"Take 1-0 and get out!" - Jamie Carragher leads Twitter reaction to Liverpool's AWFUL loss at ... 
TwitchCon heads to Long Beach for 2017 event  LongBeach
Twitter ditches its small business tool 
Twitter is shutting down its business-focused Dashboard tool just six months after its launch. 
 Paul_Griffin65  DulwichHamletFC  AFCHornchurch Cheers Google calendar updated! I'm guessing Merstham game likely to move to 21/2...
Machoke available until 07:14:42pm (29m 41s). Karate Chop / Cross Chop (31.11% - 3/0/11) 
Jan. 11 agenda board. Students who were absent can join our google classrooms with the codes listed 😊 
Turn to the power of the almighty google 
The clarity of your content matters almost as much as what you'rw actually sayihg. (Google Webmasters)
 ttulibacki   jonkarl tRump going to tell truth? google Fiat and Ford both say decisions nothing to do w/T. Ford decision 2015. Fiat same.BS
Gwyneth Steadman reached new skill level in exploring the picture "Buddha's Squ... 
Shoutout to Eric Levin who tried to google Benedict Cumberbatch today but instead typed Benedict Cumberbun. We've all been there.
Victreebel appeared!
IV:62.22% (5/8/15)
Moves: Acid/Solar Beam 
Despawns 04:14:41pm (29m 46s). 
because of my sudden fascination with cigarette holders, I checked google shopping and the first result was "Cigarette Holder - Kids Unisex"
GoogleE Corey Booker and T Bone 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Xiaomi Mi4C (4K video sample - Google Camera App)
Maybe Goodidiot is sacrificing himself for the greater Tory Party good?  He's nearly retired anyhow... 
Exam / Competition Oriented objective type questions with answers 
26120  soldiers
had given their lives to save humanity! 
 logan_englebert  tianaaa_d the blog is just a shortened summary of the whole study. Google Dr Melanie Dreher
WhatsApp, Facebook and Google face tough new privacy rules under EC proposal 
Chansey 38% (4/5/8) pound fast/hyper beam) till 
He'll lie about anything!
Donald Trump says D.C.’s dress shops are sold out of inauguration gowns. Wrong! 
 MarkusAhonen Google still can't get to grips with translating Finnish..
Anyone have a google play account with a really good clash of clans set up i can have? Let me know
Ivysaur 27% (8/1/3) vine whip fast/power whip) till 
2 all new trips are available for signup now to PHS students. A new southern route Wisconsin Adventure Trip and... 
Where's the outrage? 

Google App for Android gets a refresh with new shortcuts to  LocalOnlineMarketing  LocalSEO 
 colettey6  MissLizzyNJ Why retweet this when it is factually wrong. Bush2 increased debt 73% that is a true fact you can google yourself.
 benomara megan.jane.mcpherson at 
Third confirmation hearing mentioned on  npratc  DaviSusan ?
ran out of time?  SenateMajLdr spouse  ElaineChao ?

"Mystery Triangle" Alien Craft Discovery Google Earth! 1/11/17 via  YouTube
 GetUp This is the true ideology of AlanTudge& This NeoConGov. Nasty:  
Arcanine available until 05:13:30pm (29m 1s). Fire Fang / Flamethrower (60.00% - 13/8/6) 
The Rise of Reactionaries: An End to Ideological Politics?  FekuBro
 Alzheimers Drug Could Be Used To Naturally Regenerate  Teeth

 HorizontalsRich "Parum caestus" according to Google Translate.
 When parsing google cse html in a text file, TypeError: expected string or bytes-like object
 Tech  Internet  Que… 
Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers via RWW 
Google has officially rolled out its mobile interstitial penalties. See if it affects your site 
Google whys Marchen Awakens ROmance so bad and whys the anime even worse, asking for a friend
Connecticut immigrant group meets with Blumenthal to urge rejection of Sessions 
 tsteele93 I'm sure you would never visit sites like that. Tell your friend to use Google incognito. 😎
 reallyo1 GoogleE Corey Hooker and Jeff Sessions, How the Fabricator Booker once PRAISED Sessions for his PARTNERSHIP on civil rights
why do I make a google docs of Donald Trump's 20 most used words instead of doing my homework why am I this way
 Arkansascajun and muslims, it goes against their what-ever, but they are exempt, no one knows this!! google it!!
The current Mets payroll. 
Remember when I was alone...  melbourne  edm  music  track  singer  progressivehouse ...  EDM
Biggiebounce guys whoaaaaa  dj  edm  electronics  musically  job  party  publicidad ...  EDM
 madpells put it into google love, it gives you a list of them I just looked 💜
 KennyGaines12 According to google that's 66.8 million new followers.
Audible Magic Pursues Trademark Case Against Google 
More politics  Coreybooker grand standing 
Excellent Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 10in 16GB Black (Wi-Fi) 60-Day Warranty  nexus  googlenexus
Kevin Green (FixedOpsGenius) originally shared: 

17+ Dogs That Immediately Regretted Their Poor Life Choices 
To prevent spam: set up a Google Alert to tell you if commonly spammem te,ms are on your site. (Google Webmasters)
Supreme Court rejects plea to make it mandatory for parties to declare source of funds

NEXT PART, OF STUDY MAKE LASER 10 KWATTS AND NAVY SPICE TO CIRCUITS SATELLITAL MAPS GoogleE MAPSOAND BoeingTEERY.
 KGB G… 
 RudyHavenstein ya, I had to google it,  the most ridiculous thing I've ever seen
“The mind-blowing AI announcement from Google that you probably missed.” by  AGuyCalledGil 
Las Vegas launches the first electric autonomous shuttle on U.S. public roads  
Are you using  vr for training? Good take on vr on cbs morning show 
use case diagram: To describe the scope of functions provided by the system, and to describe the (cont.)  IT 
Rhydon 49% (0/11/11) mud slap fast/megahorn) till 
Dratini appeared! IV: 8.89% (1/2/1). Moves: Dragon Breath,Twister. At 3100 Oleander Dr. 30m 2s left. 
Google:Will Trump's Climate Team Accept Any 'Social Cost of Carbon'? - ProPublica 
BRIEF-Google says Google+ turns to new technology called RAISR ... - Reuters 
Grimer is available until 07:13:52pm (29m 46s).IVs: 0.00% Fast Move: unknown, Charge Move: unknown 
Google Algorithm Change History  GoogleAlgorithm   seo  10Xcontent 
 maxyella because I don't need "followers" doesn't mean shit! Google the facts sweetie and educate yourself!
 Google Hash Code 2017: Calling all EMEA developers. Read Blog:  GOOG
Five Landlords & A Broker Accused Of Discriminating Against Would-Be Renters With Housing Vouchers.  HUDgov
 osxreverser Are EFI firmware updates for *external* Apple devices common? Can't find anything on Google about this… 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Test GoogleE Camera 4K
Again, we can debate this topic over Google Hangouts. 
Kabuto available until 07:13:47pm (29m 49s). Mud Shot / Aqua Jet (62.22% - 10/9/9) 
 tayl_marie I wanna google season 7 of shameless bc that's how addicted I am
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 53.33% (13/1/10). Moves: Rock Smash,Bulldoze. At 4767-4799 US-701. 19m 3s left. 
Machop appeared! IV: 53.33% (4/13/7). Moves: Karate Chop,Low Sweep. At 2900 N Ocean Blvd. 29m 5s left. 
Great update to  googleclassroom  gislearning 
In the coming years, what will be most missed about Obama is his decency  voxdotcom  
Trump's fondness for Twitter no help to the company 
Maybe there is a chance we can still move forward without taking a huge dangerous step… 
The beauty of Poppy Shakespeare | Television & radio | The Guardian

Currently be repeated on  LondonLive  
Drugstore Coupon Matchups & Best Deals – Week of January 8 
Interested in participating in powder puff this year please fill out this google form 
 monsuco  EconBizFin quite a few publications (including google search results data) proved that wasn't the real intention behind brexit.
A wild Machoke popped up Downtown! Available until 19:12:23 IV:0.00% MOVES:unknown unknown (28m 36s). 
I liked a  YouTube video from  watchmojo Top 10 Google Easter Eggs You Need to See
Boycotting 
The <b>Tarot</b> Room, heart of the Central District: Welcome to the Speakeasy! My place is… 
Oracle's Crest <b>Tarot</b> Enamel Pin Collection: Mildred Louis is raising funds for… 
 DetroitPistons  GoPistons  Forum Pistons News: Cousins scores 24, Kings come back to beat Pistons 100-94 (Jan.. 
Found my truck on Google maps 
We are in the planning stages for the next  gdocexpo! Sponsor the event to help make it bigger and better: 
How to use Google Voice number (from mobile phone): via  YouTube
Media bashes Trump's 'circus-like' presser 
Ethics chief: Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest 'wholly inadequate' 
Michelle Obama's top moments 
Vaccine skeptic says he's been asked to lead Trump vaccine commission

About the Event  This year we are planning to organize GDGDevFest2016 as a biggest developer conference in… 
REALITY CHECK: Fact-checking Trump's statements 
Google News:  Flyers-Sabres 10 observations: A lifeless, inexcusable effort in Buffalo - Comcast SportsNet…  Sabres
Arcanine appeared!
IV:33.33% (6/9/0)
Moves: Fire Fang/Fire Blast 
Despawns 04:13:27pm (29m 48s). 
Rhyhorn 98% (14/15/15) mud slap fast/horn attack) till 
The Bootcamp started from 26-12-2016. On day 1 The team of 8 students went to NASSCOM office to explore the… 
Lickitung! IV:28.89%,(9/3/1) till 04:13:17pm.   UBC 
 Google RWW: Could IoT’s consumer data riches save insurers  6 billion a year? 
 Tech  Ne… 
do this really quick survey ppllllxxxzzzzzzzzzz 
 aquasamakun  jennybarco_ google it kells
 Google RWW: Mercedes-Benz expects zone restrictions for self-driving cars 
 Tech  News  … 
RWW: [TECH NEWS]  Google's Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers: 
 Tech … 
Ohh boo hooo... 😂😂

 timorfy  judecomputer Google did not provide me with a satisfactory answer
The Day was filled with the activities completely based on What is ROM and what it consists of.The speakers are… 
"Google's first data center was Larry Page's dorm room."
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Redmi Note 3 4K Video Sample (Google Camera)
Monique E. Pugh reached a new level in The Secret Society! 
 andreaxo17  xxxoNicola True, except he's admitted to using hard drugs 
Accident   I-85 NB EXPY NE / LENOX RD NE 
 GiveYourMoneytoWomen - A Women-First Guide for the Women's March on Washington


Rings & Things - Strange Things Are Happening  NowPlaying  6music
Support for independent media and firsthand news....
Be the Change U Wanna See!!
 
Great Cruise Aboard Holland America Rotterdam. 
 SarahLHarding  MailOnline Google always has the answer!
Monique E. Pugh completed the quest Seeing Stars! 
 reallyo1 GoogleE Tbone and Corey Booker  A fabricated story Corey about a drug dealer that was after him
Middle-schooler hospitalized after eating marijuana edible on... - WHIO  Health  News 
 AryannaCooke google it
 Google I have a great b
Ambition to set up a computer school under You. Gradual process.  Plus need inbox. Ghana. 
Your name to be used
5 ways sugar could kill you - New York Post  Health  News 
New  Google Classroom features make it easier to learn, teach, manage and build. Read Blog:  GOOG
These lecture slides look like they were made by a primary school child who just discovered Google images.
Exeggcute 91% (13/13/15) confusion fast/seed bomb) till 
I like this app, now share with you, 
 over_champagne Perform during  GRAMMYWKND. Click here 4 more info: 
 internetmarketing Attorney Virtual Reality – Lawyer Online Marketing Expert Says Seeing is Believing 
Happy birthday from Google!!  itsmybirthdaytoday 
 internetmarketing Universal Pictures Home Entertainment Names Vizion Agency Of Record 
 internetmarketing What will be the most in-demand marketing jobs this year? 
 internetmarketing 71 ways that online marketing will NOT change in 2017 
Who tryna cop tho? 
I'm at work 
My new project "A Different Mind " is now available on Google… 
Monique E. Pugh reached new skill level in exploring the picture "Blocks"! 
 wolfgangfaustX did you google this just now? Did you not read? A. No proof. B. No proof of intent.
 paulbradley98  aa9skillz google play 
Nutella maker fights back against fears over cancer-causing palm oil 
A wild Onix has appeared! Available until 02:42:46 (59m 35s). 
Shellder available until 07:12:51pm (29m 44s). Tackle / Water Pulse (51.11% - 15/3/5) 
 nperrettecho what is senrab?  google is failing me
Retweeted HudsonValleyBreadINC ( Chrissy_Mike_F):

+The DJ Cisco Radio Network, LLC​​​​​ +Cisco Coleman​​​​​... 
Testify For Jesus  - Pilgrim Jubilees   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
Published by Silbatone L-106 tube preamplifier NEW 
 
I had to Google what that meant. Damn sports nerds. 
A wild Pinsir has appeared! Available until 02:41:13 (58m 5s). 
 PWAPN | Clark County <b>Public Works</b> storm report – Update No. 1: Current response… 
 PWAPN | In second push, CFK indicted for <b>public works</b> graft: Former President… 
 PWAPN | Lyndon Expands <b>Public Works</b> Department: The Village Lyndon doubled its… 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Pro 4k video sample Google camera
Google’s Waymo self-driving cars kept offline to avoid hackers  ReadWrite
Motor Vehicle Accident | 1300 W MOCKINGBIRD LN (BROOKRIVER DR/ELMBROOK DR) | | EN01 | 470067 | 17:42 | C
Is the  Google Moonshot Dead? 
Irfan Gohar - Google+ 
Gwyneth Steadman completed the quest Them Bones! 
Nintendo Switch pre-orders will open in limited quantity on Friday in New York - TechCrunch  Google  News  Tech
Turns Out Many Consumers Are Interested in Banking With Google, Amazon, and Facebook - Fortune  Google  News  Tech
Published by Blumenhofer Fun 13 MK 2 speakers NEW 
 a l... 
 S2Bronson where is Hal Greer from? No Google searches!
[Museum] Venusaur (IV: 57%) until 08:12:27AM at 2 Cox Terrace 
 YLT_Cole Wait, wait, wait. My google results are gonna be tailored. Did you know or nah >_>
Dewgong 33% (3/1/11) frost breath fast/icy wind) till 
 ktmosborne  mecum  NBCSN Been twice so far. Albums: &  WhereTheCarsAre
 PBS news unbiased and fair  news source  
Published by Silbatone L-106 power amplifier 
 L-106... 
 PikkieGreeff I don't blame you , you have no culture 🙄😡 ofuii, idiot , ask , read , research better still google instead of tweeting
01/11 18:41 / 3416 Poole Rd, RA / Service Call (53B1) / -NO- / 077E / RFE10
Ladies, how do yall feel about suede shoes?

Also, what is the appropriate season to wear them? 

I could probably google this
MT I have had the BEST google day thanks to mguhlin  and diben!  tcea via 
Italy to decide on Google’s proposal over tax dispute - reports. investorseurope 
Google Tip:Split Data into separate columns in Sheets: 
 glyphicuscriba  GustavoRejivik According to HRC "google it" IS a source. She said so in a debate! 😉
New on Ebay USA! Google Glass X-EC Explorer Edition 
 MLBNetworkPR  MLBNetwork  baseballhall  MLB 80% of bb writers google the info they write!! Have no clue any more-t… 
Inside the Rise of the “Breitbart of the Left” 
 ChicoDelainky you're a loser bwahahahaha bwahahahaha, sent you the first two sites from Google YOU LOSE
2017 UL football recruiting: What to know 
Cory Booker thrashes Trump attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions in historic testimony.  NBCOUT  ACLU  CNN  HRC
Projecting Michigan's 2017 football recruiting class, January edition 
 YakovHirsch If using Word it can search out all "bibi" and will replace them all with "Netanyahu"… 
AFCA condemns Friday night college football games at annual convention 
Football coaches favor adding 2nd signing day in December 
The Undeniable Power of Data Mining, Visualization and Infographics for Business   DigitalMarketing 
Badgers football: Kayden Lyles among seven Wisconsin recruits to join team for spring semester 
Kentucky football: Projecting the Wildcats' 2017 recruiting class 
Michigan State lands preferred walk-on in Carleton's Brent Mossburg 
Alabama OL commits react to Mario Cristobal possibly leaving for Oregon job 
 ShawnMendes When everyone needs google 😂 lmao
Watching a musical from the wings is something special. Loved going behind the scenes of Dusty: 
What's Next for Ohio State, Tyjon Lindsey After 4-Star WR Re-Opens Recruitment? 
AJ+ English: Nepali Children Cable Across Rivers To Get To School. 
 kellywalker1983  RuthePhoenix I know it's the scum but still be cool. 
 GOV847  GMSHTOUR during  NBoeingALLSTARWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
So sad! 🙏🏾Northwestern Basketball Player Jordan Hankins' Cause of Death Revealed 
 BabyAriel is this available on app store or google play store?
Blade 3000 Smart Glasses by Vuzix are Google Glass Reborn | Digital Trends

BoeingD!!!! Bad!!!! Bad!!!! Pics of ME.... all over google. Take them down  Google . 
Google and Facebook: No collaboration with a Trump Administration 
I mean yeah the guy loved a dick and if someone offered me 500 I'd take them all tbh just not at once, let him rest


Kabuto available until 07:11:12pm (28m 45s). unknown / unknown (0.00% - 0/0/0) 
iPhone gains ground, but Android's still top dog - CNET: Google's mobile software continues… 
 marthaj44 Google his Florida voting record and get U facts correct!!!! His voting record was a well known fact during primary and b4!
 MarkMurphyGolf  samm1968 I have asked Google to remove this picture.   Best present ever, 
Liverpool FC loss.  😇's.
Accident   I-75-85 NB EXPY NE / PEACHTREE ST NE 
Photos on Google+ receive the machine learning treatment to help save on bandwidth usage 
 BeautifulRed7  SquirlyGirll Google Hanoi Jane and get back to us....  cdnpoli  PnPcbc
Manchester people walking Piccadilly to Victoria in 20 minutes is doable?getting conflicting info on Google  Ciarancoyle  Wee_Sio   cunny84
 Sixers vs Knicks Game Preview by our lead writer  aj_santangelo!

 SixersNation  TrustTheProcess


Bangladesh 39-1 as rain forces players off Basin Reserve in first test against B  
Really Google? You really have to have Waze CONSTANTLY tracking me, actually, no you don’t.  DontBeEvil
All  realDonaldTrump does is lie. But you  Trumpanzees , I'm sure he's not lying to YOU about every freaking thing.  
 jmarquisdpcdsb Hi! How do students sign on to their google docs from home? What email do they use?
One nonprofit’s answer to a ‘food desert’ in Denver
 Kindness 
 WVU How West Virginia has become college basketball's unlikeliest national title threat  SportsRoadhouse
 M_PATT22  KyleGottYouTube Darn! if only I didn't live 2,463.1 miles away (Florida) lol yes I google it😹. Hope ya'll have fun!
Alleged Galaxy S8 Case Hints At Design Features  Android  Google 
 WVU Mountaineers get yet another win over No. 1 Tuesday night  SportsRoadhouse
 ArtificialIntelligence  AI Crawl With Analytics Before Running With Artificial Intelligence - Forbes… 
what other essentials do I need to be considered an adult? let me google this. 😂😂😂
Jurassic World to Ruby Rose: Top entertainment Google searches of 2015  RubyRose 
 WVU WVU wideout Gibson declares for NFL draft  SportsRoadhouse
Cute Owls Owls Hugging 
 WVU "Press Virginia" is no underdog  SportsRoadhouse
 WVU Top-ranked Baylor loses to No. 10 WVU, 89-68  SportsRoadhouse
Finance minister's proposed scheme for bedroom tax is not enough to mitigate the impact on people paying that tax.


Gaon Popularity Awards has started!! Pls make sure to dl the app & vote for EXO

Android IOS 
 vixlingr Thanks for the info. Have a look at this article: Hope this helps.
Weekly Ethanol Production Increases - KTIC ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ℅  GreenEnergy ⛅ 
Snorlax appeared! IV: 44.44% (5/13/2). Moves: Zen Headbutt,Body Slam. At 3600-3650 SC-9 Business. 20m 47s left. 
"Google Cloud looks to improve security with new encryption key-management services" via GeekWire 
Charmander appeared! IV: 48.89% (6/1/15). Moves: Ember,Flame Burst. At 215 Main St. 25m 51s left. 
AJ+ English: This 11-Year-Old Is Keeping Homeless People Warm. 
It's pretty sad that even when I'm just talking to my Google Assistant, I feel the need to say please and thank you lmao
 Google Saving you bandwidth through machine learning. Read Blog:  GOOG
A beautiful app dedicating to Hindi song lovers all over the world. 
 HowToGeek Google Music review from 2011... Looks like they got the message.
Fire Event - E055 - Elm Tree Dr - Canterway - 17:31 - 
 Yorrike  geoparadigm I think added work time is one of the purposes of the SF Bay area private tech shuttles by google, FB, apple, etc.
Monique E. Pugh completed the quest Forest house! 
China's Custodian Service can Grant  Bitcoin Currency Status in the Country 
 WTheamourship  amourshipcanon Like Shudo's original plan lol...also, that moment Google tells you this is Haitian Creole...WTF?
Apply by 1/20 to be a SPJ/Google News Lab trainer and help journalists tell geo-related stories. Info: 
 BossyxBrina  itsgiovannap hey princess the only thing I see on google is u eatin a bloody tamp. 😷bitch you're sick  
Monique E. Pugh completed the quest Stargazing! 
 nikakusmierz it's called google Or my favorite askjeeves
google search: why is scratching your dick if you up
 Apparel News - G-III Apparel Group, LTD. (GIII) Given a  22.00 Price Target by Piper ... 
Trump Says ‘I Think It Was Russia’ That Hacked the Democrats 
a quick google search reveals that approximately 10000000 people have beaten me to the observation that Vinnie Paz looks like Patton Oswalt
So, here's a little tidbit from my workplace. Since we need… 
Jolteon appeared!
IV:64.44% (10/6/13)
Moves: Thunder Shock/Discharge 
Despawns 04:11:39pm (29m 47s). 
Squirtle appeared! IV: 60.00% (5/7/15). Moves: Tackle,Water Pulse. At 2906 4th Ave. 8m 9s left. 
 artypapers would you say Google or P&G&E more innovative?  Google or Delta? 
G = creative monop, P = regulation monop, D = hypercompetition
Google's assistant is hilarious, really am loving the  Google pixel phone. 😂 
Check out new game - Quiz Pokemon! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
Lapras 73% (13/12/8) ice shard fast/dragon pulse) till 
I have to keep  RepLowenthal &  KamalaHarris on speeddial 2 counteract all the bullshit acts  GOP is tryin 2 pass 
 xoTAYLORD the one w/ the book & access code.. I never physically used the book tho & I rarely used the ebook cause we can use Google
heck, google docs access is still pretty flaky. better in Chrome but its still pretty painful
 Dolanixi  BlGOrders Google it
 realDonaldTrump Just in case you care!  TrumpPressConference  Federal ethics chief blasts Trump business plan 
 ThisIsDanM I shouldn't be.
Google has gone to shit in the past few years.
All they care about is money now.
 JVO97NL  aa9skillz  megagaming94 google play 
New photos of Tesla’s highly anticipated Model 3 surface online  downloader  androidapps
 AHMcDonald  shwood Google is my friend.
Cox Automotive promotes two executives  marketingstrategy
Google must understand your mobile .nd desktop sites are the same, or the r.sults will be skewed. (Google Webmasters)
A Focused Approach to Continued Success  marketingstrategy
Arcanine appeared!
IV:60.00% (12/5/10)
Moves: Bite/Bulldoze 
Despawns 04:11:24pm (29m 46s). 
Digital Marketing and Sales Manager  marketingstrategy
Disruptive Marketing Technology - bBooth ( BBTH) Identified as Potential Takeover Target in CRM  marketingstrategy
What will be the most in-demand marketing jobs this year?  marketingstrategy
So is the Google Docs spelling checker really random or really. really good? 
Living in the world of yesterday..
3 Reasons B2B Brands Should Podcast to Win More Business  marketingstrategy
 Apparel News - After auction, will American Apparel still be 'American'? 
Notices to 3 parties for social media campaigns  SMO  SocialMedia 
Thank you  BrandonChrostowski  EdwinsCLE for  caring  believing  kindness to others🌟 positivepeople  kindnessrocks❤️ 
Social News Desk to Power Social Media for GateHouse Media in 520 markets  SMO  SocialMedia 
 ShawnMendes went to google translate to translae that to portuguese... i never do that
With the smartwatch field facing an uphill battle for the attention of the gadget-buying audience, Google’s Andro… 
Which is the basis of a Google Hangout 
LA's Loyola High closed by social-media threat  SMO  SocialMedia 
[Yishun] Dragonite (IV: 71%) until 08:11:00AM at 1 Orchid Club Rd 
Utilizing Social Media to Boost Agritourism Businesses  SMO  SocialMedia 
Deep Dive- Asus Zenfone AR; First Google Daydream and Tango Enabled Device 
Social Media Makes Us Feel Inferior, So Here's A Cheery Song About It!  SMO  SocialMedia 
Gotta love google translate 
Ariana Grande, John Legend sing their way onto 'Beauty and the Beast' soundtrack  downloader  androidapps
Hamas hacks Israeli soldiers' cellphones posing as attractive women on social media  SMO  … 
A wild Eevee has appeared! Available until 00:40:37 (59m 2s). 
Trump conducts sting operation to ensnare intelligence briefers. 
Download Drudge Report from Google
5 Funds That Crush The S&P 500 And Pay 9.3% Dividends 
Bambue - Unknown Album - Ready For Me.mp3 
How to Make Money While You Sleep 
Thumbs down for social media 'vigilantism' despite arrest  SMO  SocialMedia 
Good luck with that!!
Woman advocate becomes the target of social media trolls  SMO  SocialMedia 
 App Voice Reader  whatsapp  hangout  telegram  SMS  Twitter 


3 Ways to Use Google Analytics to Evaluate Your Audience via  smexaminer
The Seeds - The Wind Blows Your Hair  NowPlaying  6music
  With the smartwatch field facing an uphill battle for the attention of the gadget-buying audience, Google’s Andr… 
Dratini available until 07:05:07pm (23m 49s). Dragon Breath / Twister (22.22% - 2/1/7) 
California takes a stand for LGBTQ+... 
Poverty A Harsh Reality For LGBT Seniors... 
 Tillsonburg
Google Earth updated its street view of North street 
ALARM CARBON MONOXIDE ALARM 558 RUTHERFORD DR SPRINGFIELD TWP 
 TheGodBM google play 🐐
 Dedotun_ hehehe i don use google map find my way..
 Apparel News - Even if holiday sales hit targets, store closures and deep discounting... 
 Jozefhine Hi Josephine. Let's try the troubleshooting steps in this guide: Do they help?
No Google, I have no inclination to set a TTL for an MX record for 1 week. Thats... thats insanity.
Booker Named in Newark Watershed Corruption Lawsuit –Corey Booker is another Corrupt Politician  wednesdaywisdom  
 BarackObama  Iran  DataBreachToday  GovernmentRF  realDonaldTrump  FBI  ABC navy deleted data used in her google earth web generator
Good list! 10 VR and AI Startups to Pitch at Google at Women Startup Challenge via  craignewmark  startuplife  ai
Old Times 
 ShawnMendes i'm about to google the meaning
Working Geek: How Google Maps Product Manager Liz Hunt unplugs - GeekWire  googlemaps 
Rendre la France encore belle!

(at least thats what google translate gives me)

 MLP_officiel 
Venusaur available until 06:58:55pm (17m 46s). Razor Leaf / Sludge Bomb (60.00% - 13/7/7) 
Look Out, Bravo… Andy Cohen & Jamie Foxx Both Score Game Shows At Fox! 
Omanyte! IV:64.44%,(3/12/14) till 04:10:51pm.   UBC 
Celebrity Big Brother Loses ANOTHER Housemate To Health Scare Just One Day After Ray J! 
US to build wall with Mexico to stop illegal migrants: Trump - All India Radio News!
 gwern "google maps is not an agent" and yet it does things like this 
F1: See the simple formula one self-made millionaire created to get rich 
google search 'michael ceras greatest hits'
Buzzfeed's Response To Donald Trump? Selling 'Failing Pile Of Garbage' Merchandise! 
Weird: Illinois teen rescued after locking self in shuttered prison 
 niallabsolute dropbox google drive icloud
Do you need to check  ABN,  ACN or  ABR details. Enter the number or enter the name in our new  AndroidApp. 
Children can learn the kinds of money and how to counting money.
7
Thanks, Margaret Caddy, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Just spent hours looking for hawaiian stuff on Google ! Dream of going back there !

💙💚💛❤️Hawaii 🌸🌴🌞⛱️👣👙👒👓🍹🍨🍰🗺️👟🎒📷🗿


 NowPlayingOnXIVFM Oxymore - A Babi La Nuit 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

 _kmbx or you could not google weird stuff xo
17in long 10 in wide - Google Search 
Google Home is a  129 speaker to compete with Amazon Echo 
Nintendo Switch pre-orders will open in limited quantity on Friday in New York 
–  TechCrunch  
  New 2017 Donna vinci Church Suits only at 
New Delhi |  THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CPM state committee on Tuesday discussed the political report approved by the… 
New Delhi |  UNITED NATIONS: The UN has administered cholera vaccines to Indian peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti… 
New Delhi |  Temperatures are not expected to rise over 16 degrees Celsius during the course of the day according… 
An Ode to Danny Fortson - Sonics Rising  Scott_1420  
no google more carrots than that
Joni Hester completed the quest Country Living! 
The Telegraph: Donald Trump says there will be 'consequences' for Buzzfeed as he attacks CNN and mocks BBC. 
Had the opportunity to pick the brain of a new buddy of mine over at google and I just walked away with so such reaffirmed
.Is this Democracy??
Chula Vista: Jolteon (35.56%IV 12/4/0 Thunder Shock/Discharge). TTH: 04:10:30pm. 
Portland has ground to a halt: 
Westend Snorlax 23m 47s 66.67 15 0 15 Lick Earthquake 
SearchCap: Google interstitial penalty, AdWords pathways & more brought to you by Cicor Marketing
By  Barry... 
Fuck google classroom.
When you're nervous about talking to new people/guys and don't know what to say so you Google conversation topics and that doesn't end well.
 Shelia_Kay Hillary's approval rating was worse, yes. But that proves his isn't around 40%??? 


Workshop will help you understand credit score - Appleton Post Crescent  (Google News)
Chelsea get green light for £500m Stamford Bridge redevelopment as council approves new stadium plans  ChelseaFC 💙⚽ 
If you don't think a cyber attack is a serious threat to our nation's security read this book and get back to me. 
9 Stocks Trading Below the Peter Lynch Value - Yahoo Finance: 9 Stocks Trading Below…  news  business  forex  invest
 ShawnMendes you made me google this
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 64.44% (2/14/13). Moves: Rock Smash,Stomp. At 210 6th Ave N. 30m 54s left. 
 ShawnMendes *goes to google traductor*
 JJsRedHots Hey guys check your Google Search Console report cause Google has flagged your site has possibly being… 
Looking for an affordable alternative to  Google Adwords? Go to 
Taxi drivers started an Uber "sleeper cell"  taxi  blackcab
UNITED NATIONS: The UN has administered cholera vaccines to Indian peacekeepers who arrived in Haiti without being… 
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The CPM state committee on Tuesday discussed the political report approved by the central… 
Better service? Why Uber, Lyft could cut NYC taxi fleet by 85 percent  taxi  blackcab
Temperatures are not expected to rise over 16 degrees Celsius during the course of the day according to the… 
How much money did robert pattinson make from twilight: Twilight brought Pattinson worldwide fame, and established… 
Could Trump create water risks for business he wants to protect greenpeace  
154 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
 cwknews do you have comments on this article?

 oregonbornduck another graph showing health care cost increases were far worse 2000-2005

Fuck Google bc they just sent me completely off.
Would love for you to take this popular food survey for my class, takes 2 minutes! TIA 
 edtechteamonline  dsegiet
Mood:  
Alphabet (Google) just gave up on solar planes operating as flying cell towers

Eevee 91% (13/14/14) tackle fast/body slam) till 
On god lol my family stay flamin mfs 😭 
I just won 3,216,000 Credits! Join me to WIN BIG in  WillyWonkaSlots 
Road Hazard   MARIETTA BLVD NW / BOLTON RD NW ;SILVER SUV 
FEW SINGLES BY SWAVEPIMPING ARE NOW READY TO BE DOWNLOADED ON GoogleE PLAY 🔥🎙🤙🏾‼️ GO SUPPORT LISTEN/SHARE/DOWNLOAD 💯🗣
New Google Classroom features make it easier to learn, teach, manage and build 
 exoneCS it's fine,  google is the good one (right guys?)
Medical masterpiece in cancer care renaissance  news
I liked a  YouTube video Google I/O 2011: JavaScript Programming in the Large with Closure Tools
Video: Drawing on the untapped potential of roguelikes 
Rhydon available until 07:10:11pm (29m 47s). Mud Slap / Megahorn (42.22% - 3/13/3) 
 hellagorgeous_  jehandok but he is Google his name and you'll see 👀👀
Google's Jeff Dean explains neural networks in one slide.  aifrontiers 
 stolenproperty  stoptheft  Twitter  BuzzFeed  mashable  breaking911  Stolen911  google  yahoo  WJHL11 THANK YOU!🙏🏼🙌🏼
Watch this insightful look at Radiohead's "Daydreaming" video 
Carter Page told Russia University
 if Trump elected he thinks sanctions will be lifted,
Probs the worst decision I've made to look up my symptoms on google x
 H0ESHINE google got tired of people trying to find out what happened to google by searching it on google
Growlithe available until 07:04:38pm (24m 23s). Bite / Body Slam (93.33% - 15/13/14) 
 JMV1070 is it sad that I get pissed that my Google search for Teen Wolf pulls up all crap for the TV show first instead of the movie?
Flareon appeared!
IV:28.89% (5/1/7)
Moves: Ember/Fire Blast 
Despawns 04:10:04pm (29m 47s). 
THOREAU’S COVE © 2009 Pastel. Walden Pond, Concord, MA. 
Hitmonchan appeared!
IV:48.89% (11/6/5)
Moves: Bullet Punch/Fire Punch 
Despawns 03:54:32pm (14m 15s). 
 pyropi YEA DO NOT GoogleE IT THERS SO MANY SPOILERS enjoy the riiiidddeeeeeee (and get a certain handsome Russian fellow to cosplay Elend 😜)
Christopher Steele named as Ex-British intelligence officer 'behind Trump Russia dossier' 
We Can't Be Friends - Dream Koala 
Electabuzz available until 07:09:05pm (28m 55s). Thunder Shock / Thunder (82.22% - 9/15/13) 
 NowPlaying SIA - Cheap Thrills on  RadioITB86 Link: 
You forgot,
didn't know or
don't care to share  ElaineChao spouse is  SenateMajLdr
Mitch McConnell  Kristyn10TV ?

Nah, it's stuff like this that causes people to be displaced: 
If anyone can figure out why my  gmail keeps trashing important emails, I could really use help!!!!!   google you've never failed me 😔😔😔
jonathan lemieux completed the quest Porcelain Bell! 
 Google's self-driving cars will hit public roads this month - BGR : 
Rhoads: Thanks to Dylann Roof, the death penalty argument returns - 
Rhoads: Thanks to Dylann Roof, the death penalty argument returns 
How changes to  Google's algorithm and layout impacted  Traffic to  retail, travel &  finance sites in 2016  bigdata
 audra_spiven  TheRaDR Yeah, stay away from Google too. In fact, put away the internet.
Building a  Google for the Deep, Dark Web 
Airline Stock Roundup: Improved Q4 Unit Revenue Views from Delta; FLL Shooting & More 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 01:09:30 (28m 59s) IV: 48.89 Moves: Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail . 
Turns Out Many Consumers Are Interested in Banking With Google, Amazon, and Facebook -… 
The largest public Wi-Fi project in the world. 
Backlinks other seo: embarkment thine blog up the overbear touching google: aoy 
Air Timor: Government policy, suspected corruption 'destroying' East Timor's only airline 
Airlines' Revenue Recovery Is in Full Swing 
Medical Marijuana and the Workplace  mmj
me : *checks google* 
 Google LeadershipTipss: It is the ability to delegate which, more than anything else, separates good managers from bad ones. ~ Mark H. McC…
 TheCrossbarRSL  SLTID_Jake  RSLTotalMLS I hope Google Fiber happens, but I'm selfish.
[Queenstown] Lickitung (IV: 97%) until 08:09:46AM at  South Buona Vista Rd 
Holt Manor, MD

A great Haunter appeared! It will be 515m from Trolley Square until 5:09 PM.   SLC 
 MeganCoolege google pics of Slovakia in winter!
Quick & easy tweet sheet to help  ActForNosey & tell USDA to stop RUBBER STAMPING licenses of AWA violators. Thanks. 
 muqaliscious Lol thanks Google

 ShawnMendes I actually searched on google what does this mean 😂
Regional ANZAC Day marches cancelled as anti-terrorism measures push up costs beyond RSL capacities.

The Business Card is Dying (and how Google is replacing it)  
My New Single "She Coming" is Available on iTUNES, Spotify, Tidal, Amazon, Google Music and Many More! 

Must See New 2017 Womens Church Suits Now At RaptureGold. Fashion Show/Dinner, Coming Soon. Mothers Day, Easter... 
 H0EHANI damn, that's true,, but what do i do my life is all about googlE
The Intervention  comedy  drama  melanielynskey  jasonritter  skylarbernon  kirapozehl see more at… 
 ForeveLovatic oh well start a new google acc that's what I do 😂😂
when u google ur symptoms and get told ur dying🙂😂 
Supreme Court likely to boost schools' responsibilities to children with  disabilities - LA Times  cpchat  spedchat  
Hitmonchan available until 07:09:36pm (29m 50s). Bullet Punch / Ice Punch (26.67% - 10/0/2) 
The Latest: Ethics office chief pans Trump on businesses - Washington Post 
Nintendo Switch pre-orders will open in limited quantity on Friday…  Sci_Tech  google… 
1/11/2017 6:36 PM: TRAFFIC ACCIDENT NO INJURY at 3221 WRIGHTSBORO RD 
Enter to win an iPhone 7 Plus [Giveaway]  newiphone
1/11/2017 6:34 PM: HAZARD IN HIGH TRAFFIC AREA at 3250 DEANS BRIDGE RD 
Crazy truck driving game.
 CrazyTruck on google play,

Tony Fadell Shares New Details on Prototype iPhone Software With Virtual iPod Clickwheel  newiphone
Stocks swoon on Trump remarks; Nasdaq at new high - USA TODAY 
Curved iPhone 8 May Disappoint As Patent Points To Space-Age iPhone Tech  newiphone
How to Set Up 'Google My Business' for ... via  opusvo  startup | 
Google Voice preparing for its first major update in years  newiphone
Turns Out Many Consumers Are Interested in Banking With Google,…  Sci_Tech  google… 
sibling 2! 
New Google Classroom features make it easier to learn, teach, manage and build  gafe
 RemoveMyName  identity  privacy This lawyer rewrote the Instagram Privacy Policy…  onlineprivacy  myname  removal
Best full rss feed generator  tool  traffic A Comprehensive Guide to Google Search Console for SEO Success
Ontario family blames airline for poor response following Florida shooting 
 RemoveMyName  identity  privacy Privacy legislation reintroduced for mail older…  onlineprivacy  myname  removal
The 1 Biotech Stock I Want to Own in 2017 
(translation according to Google)
[Bishan] Vaporeon (IV: 75%) until 08:08:22AM at 10 Bishan Street 13 
01/11 18:38 / 161 Wakelon St, ZB / Fire (EFIRE) / T23 / 055N / EMS68
 AM3R1CAAN  jw33062  Acosta  PeteBusche it's really easy to find this stuff
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: How to smoke methamphetamine a electronic cigarette How to smoke met…
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Blaze electronic cigarettes Blaze electronic cigarettes Electronic c…
Andrew the Apostle 
Top Internet Marketer Banned By Google (Shocking!) => 8:39
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Atmos e cigarette Atmos e cigarette Atmos electronic cigarette. 235 …
Dratini has appeared in Webster/Nassau! Despawn:07:07:44pm(28m 15s)IV:73.33% (11/8/14) Moves:Dragon Breath, Twister 
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Mistic electronic cigarette coupons Mistic electronic cigarette coup…
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Electronic cigarette buy providence place mall With vape shops acros…
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Can blu electronic cigarettes cause rashes Finding out about the pot…
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: 21st century smoke battery life If the electronic cigarette . Freque…
AI as a compliment to the workplace, or controlling of it? 
Senator grills D.C.'s Metro transit system over cybersecurity, warns of 'grave' consequences  Opines on  CyberSecu…
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Icd 10 code electronic cigarette Electronic ciga. This is the 2017 v…
ISACA Issues NIST Cybersecurity Framework Audit  Opines on  CyberSecurity
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Sheetz sell electronic cigarette Sheetz sell electronic cigarette Ga…
FDA, DHS Find Cybersecurity Vulnerabilities in St. Jude Heart Devices  Opines on  CyberSecurity
A Scyther is in Noblesville/Fishers Area. Gone   19:09:12 IV:0.00% unknown unknown (29m 47s).
 1989virtues what part of "these days" you didn't get? 
Idc what google says about feminism, i only care about how it is in REAL LIFE.
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Electronic cigarettes manchester nh Electronic cigarettes manchester…
Trump: I'll have 'hacking defense' report in 90 days  Opines on  CyberSecurity
01/11 18:38 / 1900 Poole Rd, RA / Traffic Collision (29D2M) / T18 / 063V / EMS2
St. Jude Medical Patches Cardiac Machine's Cybersecurity Flaw  Opines on  CyberSecurity
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Does target sell electronic cigarettes Jan 24, 2009 . Costco and Tar…
I spent some time banging my head against a wall with GCP IAM, so hopefully this helps you avoid that: 
NIST issues draft update to cyber framework  Opines on  CyberSecurity
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: paid volunteers for e-cigarette & tobacco cigarette study Do you smo…
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Ego vapor franchise Lizard Juice is the premier Electronic Cigarette…
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Corsa 200 E-cigarette Body with 3 x Batteries The Corsa 200 from Tot…
google play evidently thinks i have someone to kiss and also a child so how invasive can its info collecting really… 
Check out my new single "The Whole Night" distributed by  DistroKid and live on Google Play!  LastActofDefiance
HCI is an even bigger umbrella, I think. In practice, companies like Microsoft & Google seem to talk about UX more than the other terms.
How to get the Huawei Mate 9 at the best price using 
Instead of saying "Ima google it" I'm finna start saying "Ima bing it"
Tanga: Luxury Embossed Shower Curtains – Honey Circle ONLY  7.99 including shipping! via ... 
Understanding Rel=Canonical Links Uh oh! All three of our Musketeers claim to… 
Clefairy 98% (14/15/15) zen headbutt fast/body slam) till 
Dratini available until 07:08:51pm (29m 41s). Dragon Breath / Wrap (44.44% - 6/2/12) 
Slate: Do You Want to Receive Emoluments? Sure, We All Do. What do you have to loose.  America is about to find out
 bradsager Nobody ever said the migration would be painless. I'm loving type C on my Google Pixels!
"As UAV internet proves too complex, Alphabet shifts the Titan team to Projects Loon and Wing"    news  technology  
Trump's latest health initiative is an attack on lifesaving vaccines - The Verge  Health - Google News
Justice Department to announce results of its probe of Chicago police Friday - Chicago Tribune  policeworldnews
 FanDuel P.J Carlesimo..fast fun fact thanks 2 Google! Jordan and Ewing are only rookie s coaches i ever remembered.
Snorlax available until 07:08:29pm (29m 21s). Zen Headbutt / Earthquake (51.11% - 7/15/1) 
Portland police help stranded motorists, offer dozens of rides during snowstorm -  policewo…
 Dodgers  ThinkBlue Dodgers' Trayce Thompson May Not Be Ready For Start Of Spring Training  SportsRoadhouse
SearchCap: Google interstitial penalty, AdWords pathways & more 
 Dodgers  ThinkBlue Tampa Bay Rays Rumors: Forsythe Back on Dodgers Radar  SportsRoadhouse
X Japan - Silent Jealousy  nowplaying 
Hey, do I know people who would be interested in a one off D&D 5E game on Roll20/Google Hangout?
 madebygoogle if i google search to find the exact radio station then say"play xxx.x on tunein" it will start playing the game. strange
I hate people who think they know shit bc they can read off snap chat stories or Google something and all of a suddenly become experts. F U
 WeLoveLA  Dodgers Dodgers' Trayce Thompson May Not Be Ready For Start Of Spring Training  SportsRoadhouse
 Dodgers  ThinkBlue Lowdown: Dodgers Moving On?  SportsRoadhouse
 WeLoveLA  Dodgers Zohar Law Firm Files Suit Against the Los Angeles Dodgers Regarding Paul…  SportsRoadhouse
 WeLoveLA  Dodgers Lowdown: Dodgers Moving On?  SportsRoadhouse
Chansey 33% (2/8/5) pound fast/hyper beam) till 
Traveler's Journal: Best Restaurants Near Offerman, GA - Jackson Observer  WayxInsider  Waycross  GA  News
Salon: WATCH: Don’t normalize white supremacy, the president of Media Matters tells journalists. 
How to Upload Your Music Library to Google Play Music  xolotech Was I 5 years early? Yes. 

Millions of actual  goldenshower fans now frustrated that Trump comes up in their Google searches rather than their stimuli of choice.
 TempusNova Happy New Year - Google Innovation for 2017. Read Blog: 
Greenwich Library talk: grants, requests and foundations - Greenwich Time  funding ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v  grants 
In the antebellum U.S.--a white person just purchased someone's parent. 
Google's Eric Schmidt: We should embrace  machinelearning—not fear it  newsweek 
Esperando! Google Voice updates are imminent via  engadget
Police activity, rampart/Beverly, leading to road closures & more traffic than usual...google maps voice yelling at me to turn isn't helping
Call Types: Gate malfunction investigation

Location: WING ST & N STATE ST

Map Link: 
 EloisaJames off to Google how far these NC appearances are from Atlanta... (Can't WAIT to read Seven Minutes in Heaven!)
Why OPEC Should Fear The Trump Administration 
 Karlinishere i had to google that and ah does not compute
 tonycolombo971  rachelz971 Here have a dine out map 
Take a second to LOOK INSIDE our newest Dean Safe Showroom located in North Hollywood, CA! Opened October of 2016!… 
False sense as guns in the home endanger and make you and your family as well as society less safe… 
 mccv google seems somewhat baffled by apple's new computers from what I can tell... lots of issues with battery life using chrome, etc
KASKUS doubles CTR and triples CPM with DoubleClick for Publishers and Google Analytics 360 via  webdataanalytic
 Ram_chii same here. It hurts me when I have to google it every time.
How To Install Google Analytics On Your  WordPress Website 
They couldn't even be bothered to Google the term "reproductive justice"? Fantastic reporting, great job, excellent. 
Dratini available until 07:08:36pm (29m 49s). Dragon Breath / Wrap (55.56% - 12/10/3) 
Mirror Online: Chelsea hope for 60,000 capacity Stamford Bridge development boost after formal planning application. 
Alphabet shutters Google X's Titan drone program  thexeon
 Hawkeren36 We'd like to learn more. Share details about your experience via "Send Feedback" within YouTube: 
 Irwigglytuff OK GoogleE COULDNT PUT THAT INTO A GOOD SENTENCE SO I WILL JUST SAY ¡HOLA!
Dratini appeared! IV: 44.44% (6/11/3). Moves: Dragon Breath,Aqua Tail. At 416 29th Ave N. 10m 5s left. 
Montage - Song Is Love  NowPlaying  6music
 ArabiaMtn2k17 How do you choose between adult and youth sizes on the google doc?
News: Mother and young daughter found dead after murder-suicide - New York Post  TrutherBot  Bot
NPR: Warming Oceans Could Boost Dangerous Toxin In Your Shellfish Dinner. 
DingMedia...Panetta...CIA Brilliant...Google AI Smart Start...Tech Frenemies...Schmidt mused Presidency...Domestic Wipe AIAI0 Algorithm USA
 akidaffendi sorry apparently theyre called managers also ada je i google female dota players??
My best score is 197100. 
USD/CAD Fails To Sustain Break Of Critical Trendline Support  usdcad  fx  forex  news
USD/CAD: bearish post US session sell-off on Trump and US 10-year auction  usdcad  fx  forex  news
USD/CAD targeting major dynamic support January 11, 2017  usdcad  fx  forex  news
Many Dull Knives has its own Google+ page too, but I don't think anyone uses Google+.... 
Trade Idea: USD/CAD - Sell at 1.3350  usdcad  fx  forex  news
PropTiger buys up troubled rival in consolidation of India’s top real estate startups 
USD/CAD – Canadian Dollar Unchanged Ahead of Crude Inventories and Trump Speech  usdcad  fx  forex  news
Monique E. Pugh opened a new, mystery-filled diary page in The Secret Society! 
The latest The Day in a Paper.li! Thanks to  SV_Links  FactoryDPromos  marketing  google
I'm such hot garbage today that you probably think Google Fiber installers took me over.

 ATXTraffic  ATX 
 Bigcrush2Shawn  GMSHTOUR during  NBoeingALLSTARWKND. Click here 4 performance info: 
Google shuts down Titan drone program in favour of Project Loon - Pocket-lint - 
 baranyerlikaya6 nope, 
Accident   BUFORD HIGHWAY CONN NE / PIEDMONT RD NE 
 Google+ Uses Machine Learning To Show Hi-Res Images At Less Bandwidth. Read more:  GOOG
Oddish 93% (15/12/15) razor leaf fast/seed bomb) till 
5 days ago  colepsc tweeted that he crashed on Needle. He deleted it but Google didn't  seattlepd  ClancyKIRO7
Blastoise available until 07:07:32pm (29m 13s). Water Gun / Flash Cannon (51.11% - 11/1/11) 
Letting Go: When Alienated Parents Give Up – Parental Alienation Support 
Amazon Testing Product Listing Ads  paidsearch
But I guess I love watching someone fuck around on Google Earth as much as the next person.
Hollywood Repor 
Please take the time to do this survey. 
Ariana Grande, John Legend sing their way onto 'Beauty and the Beast' soundtrack  Facebook  android  app go to 
Follow This Link If You're Interested In 🆓 MUSIC PROMO 🎶🎤🎧 
 ElFinalDelCamino
Google is giving us a VR symphony because we could all use a break     - CNET - 
Google is giving us a VR symphony because we could all use a break     - CNET 
How to Set Up 'Google My Business' for Your Small Busines 
Had to share! I love this.... 
First great new 2017 release I've heard. A little bit of that liquid  dnb. Optimistic about the year in music.  
shutters adult ads section: Did it do enough to stop child sex trafficking?  AbsolutelyChad
Every Episode Of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia, Ranked 
Monique E. Pugh unlocked the "Japanese house" picture! 
No matter what color Fruit Loop you eat, they all taste the same. 
A good Dragonite appeared! It will be 385m from Popperton Park until 5:07 PM.   SLC 
 TeamMoyaUK Perform during  SUPERBOWLWKND. Click here 4 more info: 
How do I set up a YouTube channel!? I need a google email!?
Ninetales 91% (15/13/13) feint attack fast/heat wave) till 
'Our Sun May Have Snatched Planet 9 From Outside the Solar System' via  Gizmodo 
Everytime something is wrong w me I always Google the problem and self diagnose myself 😂😂
Boxing : Brook could face Pac-Man  amirkhan  amirkingkhan
RSA: Clefable 68.89% (5/13/13/Pound/Moonblast) till 16:32:53 (55m 5s).
CP for lvl30+: 31

Mayweather: Kovalev Beat Ward, Hunter is Not a Good Trainer!  amirkhan  amirkingkhan
Rhydon appeared! IV: 48.89% (13/7/2). Moves: Mud Slap,Megahorn. At 505 20th Ave S. 29m 46s left. 
Google is here for you. 
Just informed a Yankee "fan" that Jeter retired...

Called me an idiot
Proceeded to google it to prove me wrong
Had a mental breakdown. 

👍🏼
 DOB_INC non-american. Had to google. So... those are food flavoured rolls?
Porygon 27% (2/7/3) tackle fast/psybeam) till 
Todas las series de Stephen King 
 MeosoFunny Hmm tried it in Chrome  (mobile) and got same result. Time to Google how to change my DNS server
Google Home helps create some really romantic moments at the crib 💖
Sign On Letter: Include TAY in the  2B Housing Bond for Permanent Supportive Housing 
John Burton Advocates for... 
 jhoronjeff  Google we have a lot of telepsychiatry clients who are using clinical system integration to help patients.  JPM17  JPMHC35
. JonAdamWebb Nice try Jon. I wouldn't want the facts to get in your way, but OGE is not OCE. A quick google search… 
 grannyinfla16  JimmyA_Shook1s  SouthernmostPen another article on James Rosen 
Thanks Google
Help friends! Receive all 2016 content, Snapchat, and all videos I make in 2017.
 200 Google Wallet! ♥️♥️♥️
LostWishes21 Gmail.com
 steffenweber  googledevs  cramforce Amp is great.  Not sure about some of Google's decisions around their Amp CDN & search behavior though.
CNN: Trump vs. his Cabinet: New splits emerge. 🤔🤔🤔😂😂😂🤔🤔🤔 MAGA
Check out this story about our friend Molly. 
2017-01-11 18:37 / 407 W Rosemary St, Chapel Hill / Structure Fire (69D01) / OPS2 / - / -
Dratini available until 07:06:18pm (28m 35s). Dragon Breath / Twister (64.44% - 10/15/4) 
Ppl r literally crying about Obama leaving. In the Information Age where google is free and information is everywhere. It's inexcusable.
 oregonbornduck increases have been happening at a greater rate for a long time, see graph:

 NikatheSiren Quizas han usado Google Translate (?)
Collapse of Gulf Stream poses threat to life as we know it | Global Ideas || greenpeace  
 chriswerry what age group? "Say no to bottom games"  is a brilliant resource on consent for pre-schoolers. It's free, easy to Google.
44332  soldiers
had given their lives to save humanity! 
Maybe Trump should have spent less time on twitter&more time on google, maybe he would have known he'd have to sacrifice business To be prez
BOYCOTT 
 Google SPACEdotcom: The Milky Way's Most Distant Stars May Be Stolen Goods 
 BroskiClark Definition of artichoke: a European plant cultivated for its large thistle-like flower heads. (noun)

Here's the link to the voting form: 
 AvatarArt 
[Queenstown] Lickitung (IV: 51%) until 08:07:21AM at 1.29717133, 103.77784372 
 Google parent ditches high-flying  drones for  internet service, but keeps trying  balloon-based internet:  tech
 chrisbournea can you read my old Obama blog?
 QuoteoftheDay ‘The divine is within you but you need to activate it.’ - Younus… 
The Daily Beast: Russia’s Long History With Honey Traps. 
Google+ Uses Machine Learning To Show Hi-Res Images At Less Bandwidth via Ubergizmo - It is ... 
 Google VOANews: Flooded California Residents Rescued, Portland Hit with Snow 
 Google VOANews: DRC Political Talks Enter Second Phase 
 CES2017: How African wildlife is protected by thermal imaging technology - Africa Times  thermal  imaging
Third of global consumers open to Google, Amazon banking -survey via  ReutersIndia
Uber tech efforts focused on easing 'surge pricing' 
friend google why do i always feel so sick after eatin spaghetti. why doesnt my body want me to enjoy this
Seaking until 18:04:59 (27m 41s). Moves:Poison Jab/Megahorn. IVs:46.67% (5/4/12)   12319 Beckendorf Bend Ln 
Stanley is also a dedicated circulator of Obama historical fiction 
She said google her fighting videos  I'm terrified
 jdricketts97 If you have a recovery phone number, you may be able to regain access. This troubleshooter may help: 
"2.3 billion devices shipped in 2016... Google's Android mobile operating system was by far the leader."
 linux
Audible Magic Pursues Trademark Case Against Google Check it out here :  News  computers  tech  free  reddit
 steffenweber I'd love it if Google Search ranked more based on speed. AMP was important to have fast pages to rank or punishment is futile.
Legend Fox Boi Craft - Android Apps on Google Play 
We Draw in Virtual Reality - LIVE! 
Edit from the inside: Sixense refines MakeVR, its immersive CAD modeling platform 
Check Patient - E052 - Gulf Fwy Ob - Clearwood Obib - 17:26 - 
Local bar uses new code word for internet dating safety: “I think it's a growing need based on internet dating… 
Seeing as TL dey hot right now abeg make una Google Obesere net worth that dude fit buy the whole Ghana industry
Are 'Stranger Things' Costars Natalia Dyer and Charlie Heaton Dating? See the Photos: Stranger Things costars… 
Copyright infringement reports to Google News may help remove  TheLiberal_ie from listings. Form here:  Courts_hack
Shane Mosley Investigated for Alleged Domestic Violence Incident  FamilyHealthTo
Grimer available until 07:04:46pm (27m 45s). unknown / unknown (0.00% - 0/0/0) 
Rapper Fetty Wap sex tape leaked  FamilyHealthTo
A wild Slowbro appeared! It will be at Temple Square until 5:04 PM.   SLC  TempleSquare 
Wendy Williams, Harry Connick switch WRBW slots  FamilyHealthTo
Ilyas Gohar - Google+ 
Grass Fire - E065, B065 - Saddle Creek Farms Dr - Sunset View Dr - 17:28 - 
Brentford place bid for Norwich winger  ncfc  norwich
Top spot the aim for Norwich City U23s against Aston Villa  ncfc  norwich
Leeds United fans need not be concerned over Radrizzani impact with Canos loan preference  ncfc  norwich
Check out the recap video of the  LatinaGirlsCode event at  Google Chicago! Great work by the LGC/BLUE1647 team! 
Traffic at stand still in city centre  ncfc  norwich
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM Seleka - Tremblez De Joie Feat. Kiff No Beat 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

Worried about Rep momentum to weaken services for low-income people and erode economic security? Let Congress know: 
Norwich City can't afford to lose Robbie Brady if Martin Olsson's move to Swansea goes through  ncfc  norwich
Eevee till 01:03:38 (26m 37s). 97.78%. A/D/S: 14/15/15. Quick Attack, Swift. 
…CORRECTION on this phrase… "…this automatically pisses them off.&…: google_ad_client = "ca… 
Revengerists 04-06-13: Into the Mystery! 
Thanks, Shoni Tavendale, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Exeggcute 91.11% (13/15/13/Confusion/Ancient Power) till 16:33:24 (55m 36s).
CP for lvl30+: 491

Presses the not interested button on youtube. Refreshes homepage. Same video shows up. Good to know that Google does fuckall for its website
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist How to hack google play games resources -root needed - Best of ALL
How to hack google play games resources -root needed - Best of ALL: via  YouTube
10 Free Kindle Books for Today via SwagGrabber - ** 10 Free Kindle Books for Today! There are ... 
I'm playing the  ReflexGamingLtd app, available on Android! 
Don’t miss this great Ibotta offer! When you buy any 3 MorningStar Farms® products at Walmart, you will earn… 
StockRing Apple TV app main menu.  StockRing also has Android app (and iPhone… 
 SirPatStew  Deadspin found this on Google images 
MIT researchers design one of the strongest, lightest-known 3D structu...  news  Graphene 
Looking to switch it up in 2017? We got you! Check out our newly opened roles now: 
 Crafter_hero google
 vandroidhelsing *goes to Google* oh, that's what marzipan is...

OH. Yeah. That does sound deadly.

At least it was cute.
Google's popup penalty is now in effect! Details here: 
 LinkedIn may move its 10,000 employees off Google Apps – and not because of  Microsoft 
 bnothingp  Lawsonbulk Absolutely FALSE! Andy Martin started Obama Birther movement in 2004! Just Google It!
Weezing 68.89% (14/5/12/Tackle/Sludge Bomb) till 16:05:53 (28m 19s).
CP for lvl30+: 1562

time for my semi-weekly google of tom lehrer to make sure he isnt dead
 TalibKweli betta go google that shit nigga
 jesslynnrose this is what Twitter acquired magic pony for, but for video 
Don't be fooled my Dad drinks as much wine as me 😂 
AlRa TV - Google+ 
Google, democracy and the truth about internet search 
The Left Banke - I've Got Something On My Mind  NowPlaying  6music
Chelsea Football Club stadium plans given approval by council 
 malackovxd it is done
01/11 18:35 / 9245 Mangum Dairy Rd, WF / Unconscious (FUNCON) / T14 / 004V / SHB263
Audible Magic Pursues Trademark Case Against Google,  mobelmedia
Upstart brokerage outs commission offers — again | 
Ultra-fast charging networks to challenge Tesla Superchargers 
[Queenstown] Chansey (IV: 57%) until 08:06:29AM at 360 Alexandra Rd 
OK Google: what is a dossier
We may never see self-driving cars anywhere it snows. Here's why  selfdriving  future
Global  Graphene and 2-D Materials Market 2017 - XG Science, Angstron Materials, Vorbeck ...  news
Grimer available until 07:04:29pm (28m 0s). unknown / unknown (0.00% - 0/0/0) 
Hacker group claims NSA Windows exploits for sale  Z3r0
What Oprah REALLY Eats in a Day — and Yes, Her Diet Includes Wine and Bread!  Z3r0
I'm listening to Assalammualaikum Ustazah by Khalifah on ERA FM! Go downloading the app: 
Democrats didn't stand a chance against Russia's elite hackers. They're too good.  Z3r0
01/11 18:35 / 9245 Mangum Dairy Rd, WF / Unconscious (31B9) / T14 / 004V / EMS10
She said google her fighting videos 😪 I'm terrified ☹️
"Mystery Triangle" Alien Craft Discovery Google Earth! 1/11/17: via  YouTube
Is your website prepared for Google’s mobile first index?   WEB7BEST
Viral video of road being paved is unbelievably satisfying to watch  downloader  androidapps
Joni Hester completed the quest Snow Globe-Trotting! 
The L.A. Hotels Where Celebs Stay, Celebrate and Kick Back and Count Their Trophies During Awards Season - PEOPLE.… 
Sean McDermott gets nod in Buffalo after six years as Panthers D-coordinator - ESPN ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ⏳℅  web 
 BeerbongGinn oh goodness me - I am not fluent in Americans let's see what Google says... 20lbs!
FSU assistant defends Duke's Grayson Allen: 'I know what a dirty play is and I was not the victim of one' - Los An… 
 GEORGlAPEACHES i was about to google what a sportacus dab is lol
I liked a  YouTube video from  mort3mer ►Google Feud►WE'RE SMART?!►With Markiplier! - Kitty Kat Gaming
Dratini appeared! IV: 35.56% (5/11/0). Moves: Dragon Breath,Twister. At 1110 Celebrity Cir. 26m 33s left. 
 RajonRondo  NBoeing ADIDAS RAJON RONDO BOSTON CELTICS YOUTH NBoeing BoeingSKETBoeingLL JERSEY SIZE MED 10-12  Google  Sports
NPR: U.S. Puts First Bumblebee On The Endangered Species List. 
Crow Armbrust Sexy... Wait This Isn't Google
Knits, Sundresses and Bleached Hair: Taylor Swift's Best Breakup ... - E! Online

E! Online

Knits, Sundresses and… 
 AdrianPeterson  NFL 2002 Score  268 - Adrian Peterson RC - Rookie - Chicago Bears - MINT 9  Google  Trends
 seanmdav  andylevy Sean, stop spreading *heads to google* "dezinformatsiya" here pls.

(which is a real thing, but still)
 TonyStewart  NASCAR RARE  50 OF 50 AUTOGRAPHED / SIGNED TONY STEWART 2010 COPPER ELITE  14 SMOKE  Google  Trends
 Xbox  VideoGames Microsoft Xbox One S Bundle 500 GB White W/extra Unopened Blue Remote, No Games  Yahoo  Google
 Lloyd_Gaga I thought that at first as I couldn't dream of sending 109k snaps... after a google I was wrong 😧 
Google literally doesn't let me search for unpresidented no matter how many times I click the button. Hmm... 
Researchers At MIT Invented New Material Out of Graphene; In 3D Geomtr...  news  Graphene 
"2.3 billion devices shipped in 2016... Google's Android mobile operating system was by far the leader."

Conni/Filly/Heidi Cds 
Dratini available until 07:06pm (29m 55s). IVs: 44% (8/0/12 A/D/S). Moves: Dragon Breath / Wrap. 
Have a  WickedWednesday  TheFollowingFriends  TheFollowingFamily  JoeNRyanFans 
Yesterday, a fun photo session with my friend Katie in Fort Lauderdale and today I'm off to the Gr… 
My two little girls reluctantly coming out of the ocean so they can join us for dinner... these tw… 
WATCH: Congressional Black Caucus says Jeff Session confirmation will set back the cause of universal civil rights. 
For those of you that are Passport members, you can see the behind-the-scenes video from when I to… 
Third of global consumers open to Google, Amazon banking: survey  tech  news
Want To Get Your Website To Rank Higher On Google? 
Turns Out Many Consumers Are Interested in Banking With Google, Amazon, and Facebook - Fortune  technology Turns O…
How Trump's presser threatened to wreck his own stock-market rally - MarketWatch  GN
Google+ using machine learning to display high-resolution images w/ 75% less bandwidth - 9 to 5 Google 
Godaddy has issued at least 8850 SSL certificates without validating anything 
Coop Danmark: health focus & smartphone self check out  veggies
What Exactly are the Health Benefits of Soup?  veggies
Dow Jones heads back toward 20000, new Nasdaq record; First Solar, Meritage, Disney up: Dow…  fdecausans.free.fr
Why we turned vegan - Nottingham people share their stories  veggies
Report on Vegetable (HPMC) Capsule Global and Chinese Market Research Forecast 2017-2021  veggies
Scots children 'do not want to eat healthy foods'  veggies
Grimer available until 07:05:41pm (29m 41s). Poison Jab / Mud Bomb (82.22% - 10/13/14) 
Sudden Surge in Mortgage Rates Tempers Housing Sentiment 
Download here: si 
Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry 
When I die, before my will is read, I want my entire Google search history revealed and whoever is left in the room gets it all.
 JrsGmail Good! Cause we don't sell it! However, it can be purchased through Google. *EshaC
 BelleBCooper Google fit, Moto Body, and Exist all show different step values for the same days.
 unhatched  JessicaBruckman what are we talking about here? Those OOH ads? 
Omanyte available until 07:01:31pm (25m 36s). Water Gun / Ancient Power (55.56% - 2/10/13) 
 ac_ec  Jaggerwockee  WyzeChef Heroes 
Having a headaches constantly isn't normal right? I'm not going to google it bc it'll tell me I'm dying or something.
[5] Alphabet shutters Google X's Titan drone program  realtime 
Every thought about taking a fitness getaway  vacation  fitness  fitnessvacation
 BMS_Nard nard i was gonna tell u about power director a free app on google play its awsome lets u splice and background music
 PhenomAM11  mchappell51 doh! The old "let me Google that for you" LOL!!
Snorlax 33.33% (4/2/9/Zen Headbutt/Hyper Beam) (26m 49s). Expires   19:02:39. 
 x_JoLePeintre get google photos
Fashion trends for 2017 - Stabroek News

Fashion trends for 2017Stabroek NewsHappy New Yea… 
 WillWill25  GMSHTOUR during  GRAMMYWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
ROLLING SOUND... -  GooglePlay  music  GooglePlayMusic
VAULT | 6Sep13: Hello all, I`m having a critical issue with google place listing Q&A:  DSQLive  SEO
HH Younus AlGohar explains why Muslims today do not understand the true… 
Dratini available until 07:05:03pm (29m 24s). Dragon Breath / Wrap (42.22% - 2/7/10) 
Grimer available until 07:04:14pm (28m 32s). Mud Slap / Sludge (31.11% - 1/13/0) 
when  google is holding all my  katyhearnFit plans hostageeeee.... 😭😭😭😭😭 send help.  gmail why you do this. 
How to Upload Your Music Library to Google Play Music 
Google is your friend...use it
Google closed my wallet account, now being send to collections for lack of Payment on Fi account 
hey guys if you could take this survey for me really quick that'd be great I don't want to fail math 
PRESS RELEASE » Working Geek: How Google Maps Product Manager Liz Hunt unplugs 🗣 Opines on  Energy
Pearls and Pink. Google Image Result for 
Alchemical Crystal Quest  crowdfunding  ulule
 google video japanese girls giving oral sex darmowe pornosy 
Dark is the Night  crowdfunding  ulule
Tomorrow, Jan 12, 2017 : How to Build WebVR (Made in NY Media Center)  
 MUFCLatestnews I'm a writer though ... Several publications online. Google QARBOO NATHANS
Score:10,160pt!!   PICK_XELL - iOS / Android 
Steve Eisman 
Anyways let me go google her and find a SoundCloud or something.
 Google yes of course:)
 ThankYou
Dratini available until 07:04:41pm (29m 32s). Dragon Breath / Wrap (17.78% - 5/1/2) 
New Google Classroom features! You can now send an assignment to individual students  differentiation  google 
South Windsor Dratini 29m 7s 35.56 2 8 6 Dragon Breath Aqua Tail 
The model marilynks is now live! En vivo por  Ts  Tranny  Shemale 
Get tenants for your house quickly. Download the Real Estate Kenya app at 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 01:04:11 (28m 31s) IV: 26.67 Moves: Dragon Breath / Wrap . 
The model amy_love1 is now live! En vivo por  camgirl  sex  webcam 
Why culture adaption is critical for Lean Six Sigma.  purchasing 
Online jobs are the simple and easy way to earn money online from home. Here you can know how t..  socialmedia
Civil rights icon John Lewis just eviscerated Jeff Sessions for his record on race.  instinctmag  NAACP  HRC
[JP] Score Match Round 29
PT1: 130162 (-3)
PT2: 70823 (+62)
PT3: 39064 (-1)

 LLSIF  スクフェス
If you are looking to engage your students and use technology, check out my circulatory system Google Drive Activit… 
 AlanBleiweiss  methode  JohnMu  -- But G says "While Google won't crawl or index the content blocked by robots.txt" 
Surprise, surprise.  GenZ is more into tech then Millennials 
Check out these awesome women in STEM in Wenatchee - thanks Apple STEM Network! 
Fox News Quietly Settles Sexual Harassment Suit Former Host Juliet Huddy Filed Against Bill O'Reilly: Report - PEO… 
The case against 'La La Land' - USA TODAY

Washington Post

The case against 'La La Land'USA TODAYIs there any sto… 
Trump team more worried about waiver before hearing


Whatever you are willing to put up with is exactly what you will have  coolmath  mathgames
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 64.44% (2/14/13). Moves: Mud Slap,Horn Attack. At 319 26th Ave N. 30m 53s left. 
Want To Get Your Website To Rank Higher On Google?  baltimore
 baileyllouie google maps has almost of my buildings in it so urs might too u it saves my life every day
RSA: Dragonite 37.78% (8/5/4/Dragon Breath/Dragon Claw) till 16:04:44 (29m 43s).
CP for lvl30+: 446

Get the app for the news site today!  DNR_CREW  CodyRusan  SenpaiiiGaming  CluelessBryan  unkindRTs  hyperRTs
Electabuzz is available until 06:55:24pm (20m 16s).IVs: 0.00% Fast Move: unknown, Charge Move: unknown 
Third of global consumers open to Google, Amazon banking -survey 
When your teacher adds a stretch goal to your quarter project and offers to pay the Google Play Dev License. I mean, why wouldn't I agree?
[Changi] Vaporeon (IV: 53%) until 08:02:54AM at 343 Turnhouse Rd 
Google teams with 'Hidden Figures' to bust stereotypes  KHOU  STEM  girlsinSTEM 
“Angular 2 — New features in Angular 2.3 – Google Developers Experts – Medium” 


Prayers for Natalie that was only paid a gazillion dollars for a part in 2011 while Kuchar was paid 3x gazillion
Gov't Mule Announce More 2017 Tour Dates 
Dratini available until 07:00:23pm (25m 24s). Dragon Breath / Twister (53.33% - 13/10/1) 
Microchipping is here, and it's here to stay...

As UAV internet proves too complex, Alphabet shifts the Titan team to Projects Loon and Wing 
Omanyte available until 07:02:07pm (27m 10s). Water Gun / Ancient Power (84.44% - 15/12/11) 
I am baffled at how many ladies start a gofundme account or beg for cash to be sent through google wallet. Have some fucking self respect.
Cloudflare explains how FBI gag order impacted business  
 PatrietteAz google it
 LARealtorChris  LongtimeBru google Friday the 13th tattoo specials. they've been around for years.
 david_maclellan did you or did you not have to google that?? 🙄
I liked a  YouTube video from  thirphaseofmoon "Mystery Triangle" Alien Craft Discovery Google Earth! 1/11/17
the only stable part of my life is my google drive
Tip: Google translate my name, that's actually how you pronounce it.
7 Reasons Security Firms Believe the Russian State Hacked the DNC – Observer 
 miyaaaaaat aw sorry na 😩 credits to google na 😂
Five ways Google can fix Android notifications agreenbot  

 business LinkedIn may move its 10,000 employees off Google Apps – and not because of… 
Quick! Fans chance to win tickets to see Calum Scott at Brit Awards 
1/11/2017 6:34 PM: HAZARD IN HIGH TRAFFIC AREA at DEANS BRIDGE RD 
:  AndroidNougat  WiFi - Android Nougat Wi-Fi Problems: How To Fix  Google  Nexus5X,… 
Simon Cowell sells off part of Syco entertainment empire for £86m 
CBB UK: Stacy Francis SLAMS Jasmine Waltz in emotionally-charged Celebrity Big Brother rant: "You've got ... 
CBB UK: Brandon Block quits Celebrity Big Brother 
100,000 downloads!  RoadWriter for Songwriters is THE premier mobile lyric writing app. Available on Google Play and Amazon.  BeInspired
 Haziq__Loy  SamsungMobile  Google hell noooo
 itsgiovannap  BossyxBrina wooowwww google your videos huh 😭 I'm so spooked bitch 😩🚮
 itsgiovannap  _InkMyThoughts lmaoooo bitch you right lil fluffy ass get tf off my shit bitch Google my name I got gun cases older than you
 LedaCMuir GoogleE TRANSLATE?
You Can Quit Sugar in 6 Weeks  EatingforHealth 
Kohl's Continued Digital Innovation Drives Loyalty 
“Travel retail, you need to read this story”: Frankfurt Airport digital pioneer AOE attracts €13 million ... 
 Google businessinsider The USDA is letting farmers charge more money for food that's 'transitioning to organic' … 
3 Important New Google Classroom Features for Teachers  edchat  edtech  edtechchat
 Google  gmail fix this damn it
I'm now an E-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
 meganmorrone If google wants access to the mic, they should not be asking permision to record. Two VERY different things.
 Physics teacher at Catholic high school in San Pedro is arrested in child porn case -... 
I love  Google chromes cast  whatismylife 
 sammyjgould **types into google** "how to become twitter famous"
 engineerhunter  MissRobinAustin  Google as it stands now, google translations diverge after nth iteration
 abzisprettyrad it's not men who want to control that 

 _ineverycolor i'm not naming shit for you G, history provides all the evidence necessary and google is free
 BreitbartNews Google the accusers pictures, its more than a fantasy, its a cry for help / love.
Dratini available until 06:49:11pm (14m 49s). Dragon Breath / Twister (80.00% - 12/12/12) 
165139  soldiers
had given their lives to save humanity! 
Road Hazard   BoeingRNETT ST NE / PONCE DE LEON AVE NE 
Um. She's not Jewish. I'm not a rabbi. But maybe you ought to google anti Semitism. Just a thought. 
Trump press event a theatre of the absurd  TrumpPressConference  
 chetfaliszek You can turn your location off. See for info on how to do that.
 gHelp
01/11 18:33 / Six Forks Rd & Lynn Rd, RA / Service (ERFS) / -NO- / 038X / DIST1
New: Google may be forced to stop reading your Gmail for ads 
Check out my classroom on  DonorsChoose !  Google is matching donations! Every bit helps ❤  donorschoose  donate
New: European Commission Unveils Data Economy Package: “Building a... 
New: EU says US explanation of Yahoo email scanning not enough 
Asus Google Nexus 7 Tablet (2nd Generation) 2013 32GB Wi-Fi 7in Black  nexus  googlenexus
 NGandbeyond  Nottinghasm Bulwell Bogs and the River Leen, Bulwell, Nottingham 
for you bro.  BeastFireNab 
note to people who have lots of friends. 
 EDPS3140  I learned that people from around the world can do a google hangout and collaborate with more than one person at a time!!
Google reveals when Android Wear 2.0 will arrive - and it's soon  elysebetters 
How to Best Use Goals In Google Analytics 
 LimgTW  nekonyannyan821 that word. 
 Oh_MyYash google it. It's so healing
 Google phone or tablet to be confirming it with a stupid yes. what kind of dumb security feature is this
A good Ninetales will expire between 4:47 & 4:57 PM. 
Marvin Sapp - Praise Him in Advance   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
Dragonite till 01:00:39 (26m 34s). 64.44%. A/D/S: 4/11/14. Dragon Breath, Dragon Claw. 
 Investor friendly  ChicagoBroker  REALTOR helping w/ various strategies.  AskMeAnything  ChicagoRealEstate
_
Googl… 
RIP Joseph Feinnes career (had to google him though, had never heard of this talentless prick).
Google Pixel Review: 100 Reasons To Buy An Android Phone (Part 1) 
Wimple Winch - Save My Soul  NowPlaying  6music
Psssst! Would any authors like to participate in my release party? It's in my group and they're an awesome bunch.... 
Raichu available until 07:01:07pm (27m 9s). Thunder Shock / Brick Break (60.00% - 12/5/10) 
 cgomind every time I use google docs it eats formatting & loses data
If Anyone at Sheehan can take the time to fill this Survey out for my Capstone it would be appreciated, Thank You! 
What Is Continuous Delivery? 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
StackShare's top developer tools of 2016 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
Five Logstash Alternatives | DevOpsSummit  APM  DevOps  Logstash 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
Security tops app services priority list 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
 seanypeacock  guardian oh no if you google the issue u will find that guardians has reported previously that nhs data has been sold on 2.
DevOps Tool Market with Geographic Segmentation, Statistical Forecast and Competitive Analysis ... 🗣 Opines on  De…
67 per cent of UK firms see DevOps and agile adoption improving customer experience 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
 jakelunde  rogie in my totally unqualified opinion. i'm sure apple/google/etc have spent a lot of money on researching this
Machoke available until 07:03:35pm (29m 50s). Low Kick / Cross Chop (26.67% - 6/1/5) 
Chansey 56% (6/5/14) zen headbutt fast/dazzling gleam) till 
 LedaCMuir GoogleE TRANSLATE... Or just continue drinking your wine... It's up to you. 😅
YYC's  EuroshieldRoof rubber roofing being installed in Scotland. YYCRoofing Press Release: 
 LedaCMuir google translate her language
Sweet! My review of  leirenyoung's book is on page 1 of Google when you search 'The Killer Whale Who Changed the Wo… 
RELEASE: Murphy on Tillerson: “His Testimony Confirms That He Is Not Prepared To Be Our Next Secretary Of State” 
 jakebohall  methode  JohnMu there is no such thing as "don't crawl" to Google in that regard.
fuck you  google let me into my account damn it. it's me, hello. I don't have my old   so I can't confirm that way,… 
when you google translate any non-european language 
More dramatic sunrises here on east coast of Florida here in Fort Lauderdale! I'm having a great t… 
 Andie55555 The    is also coming from funds secured from Google forfeiture in 2011.
AIDS :  Retroviruses, a Family That Includes HIV, Evolved During the Early Paleozoic Era 
AIDS :  Retroviruses, a Family That Includes HIV, Evolved During the Early Paleozoic Era: Scientists believed that… 
AIDS :  Tuberculosis recently passed "HIV/AIDS as the leading infectious killer globally." 
HEADS UP On The Concussion Issue to raise awareness of head injury  alouettes  montreal 
AIDS :  Worried About HIV and Aging? The First Thing to Do Is Stop Smoking 
Teen charged with causing fatal Circle Drive crash back in custody after breaching cond..  SaultSteMarie  bhivec 
MT  knowladgeispwr: Corruption as defined by google.  COSProject  PJNET  
London, Ont., hospital warns heart surgery patients of possible infection  London  bhivecan 
AIDS :  ND man arrested for spreading HIV to at least one woman 
AIDS :  Charlie Sheen's HIV diagnosis drove him to brink of suicide 
Lithuanian star apes Hitler, yells 'Jew, Jew, Jew'  Toronto  yyz  The6 
Third of global consumers open to Google, Amazon banking: survey 
AIDS :  ND man arrested for spreading HIV to at least one woman: He never told her of his HIV diagnosis, she said.… 
At 70 Vestry, Good News Amid A Real Estate Slowdown In Mahattan  manhattan  nyc  ny 
AIDS :  Charlie Sheen's HIV diagnosis drove him to brink of suicide: ... Administration to test a breakthrough new… 
Be prepared in the event of an asthma attack  Asthma 
The Google Hardware Giveaway | Windows Central Digital Offers via  StackSocial
Allergy alert issued for 36 Adonis products sold up to Jan. 10  Allergies 
Telomeres of steel.  longevity
Plano Resumes Recycling Service After December Recycling Plant FireRepublic Services is using ...  Recycling 
'It was a disgusting racist comment': EastEnders fans are outraged as Mick Carter uses derogatory..  ItalianFood 
Google News headline vs. the actual headline: "Trump wrong that Americans don't care about his tax returns." Did Go… 
Thinking of Homeschooling? This is What You Need to Know About Teaching Math  Homeschooling 
Klash Custom Drums 4 Piece Kit- Shallow Sizes!  Drums 
Magikarp 91% (13/15/13) splash fast/struggle) till 
Where can I find a bath house at — google it 
How a Few Adventurous Philanthropists Are Changing the Face of Conservation  luxurytravel  bees 
Nominating and Governance  Governance  bhivelabs 
01/11 18:32 / 5107 Walton Hill Rd, KD / Cardiac Arrest (9E1) / T19 / 079J / DIST6 EMS61
Woody Harrelson officially joins Han Solo film  film  bhive 
Liquor restrictions relaxed for weddings  Weddings  bees 
Los Angeles Wins Bid for Lucas Museum  Museums  bhivelabs 
[46] Tesla's big hire may mean more competition for Apple and Google - Business Insider  realtime 
Juice It Up! Ranked 270 in Entrepreneur's 38th Annual Franchise 500  franchising  bees 
Assistant Professor of Accounting  accounting  bees 
 Tsundindzuya get out of here weeb I can't believe I had to google search that bowlcut
Fort Community Credit Union pays out annual member loyalty rewards  creditunion  bee 
Before you believe anything, Google something for more than 5 minutes.  fakenews  trolls
Watchdog Releases List of 50 Countries Where Christians Face Most Persecution, Urges Trump..  christianity  bees 
Japan targets technology leaks, fears military use abroad  tokyo  bees 
At the Letters: Many off-season needs remain for Blue Jays  BlueJays  bhivelabs 
Law Enforcement and Firefighting Protective Clothing Fabrics Market, Ambulance/EMT, and ...  Firefighting  bees 
Just a kid from a little town in JA you can't even find photos of on google. God had plans for my life. I'm 100% sure I'm being used by him
Tanner Roark commits to play for Team USA in WBC  RockClimbing  bees 
Enjoy "The brightest darkness":
- GooglePlay - Deezer - Tidal 
LinkedIn may move its 10000 employees off Google Apps – and not because of ... - Business Insider 
How to Upload Your Music Library to Google Play Music  xolotech 
How it worked in 2011 
What to expect from the Nintendo Switch event  Wii  bees 
Pro Football Focus: There Were Worse Offensive Lines Than Minnesota's  MinnesotaVikings  bhive 
 NCSU_Trader really like the  googl chart. I'm guessing 840 this week
 FB  Google:

Alphabet Says It Shut Down Titan Drone Internet Project:


T3 Live Daily Recap: Thanks for the Action Trump!


 SPX  SPY  XLE  USO  GS  BoeingC  AMZN  Google  Apple  FB  TSLA  IBB
Investors Sell Shares of Alphabet Inc.  Google on Strength Following Analyst Downgrade 
 Google Third of global consumers open to Google, Amazon banking: survey 
Apple, Inc. Continues to Slip in China  Apple  GOOG  Google 
{NEW VIDEO} Trade Ideas:  Apple  AMZN  Google  BoeingBoeing  BIDU  FB  CMG  PCLN  NFLX  TSLA  STUDY -> 
This is a pretty funny cover that  business did about  Google -Dependency doesn't quite capture the reliance.… 
 FastMoneyEspresso
FINAL TRADES
PNajarian—>buy  AKS options are active…going higher
KFinerman—>buy  Google
TSeymour—>buy  EEM
GAdami—>buy  GS
Alphabet Inc.  Google Given New  1,050.00 Price Target at Cowen and Company 
Wow, the FM desk are buyers of  Google  EEM and  GS. All things pretty rich already. Whatever.
 Apple  GOOG  Google:

Apple, Inc. Continues to Slip in China:


YahooFinance: Google claims the hottest programming language of 2016  Google 
 Apple  Google:

The iPhone is gaining ground on Android in the US:


Google claims the hottest programming language of 2016  Google 
The Craft of Investing by John Train:  investing  SPY  QQQ  DIA  SPX  Apple  Google  TSLA  NFLX  MSFT  Intel  AMD
My Free Recap example with charts, levels and thoughts. Use your resources  spx  spy  gs  amzn  googl  aapl  
NEW VIDEO: Stock Market Recap & Sector Analysis  SPY  IWM  QQQ  USO  TLT  IYT  Apple  Google & more  stocks  trading
All I want is collaborative note pad but they keep getting acquired and shut:
Etherpad [2009  Google]
Stypi [2012  CRM]
Hackpad [2014  DBOX]
Why Apple Could Baffle iPhone Predictions  Apple  apple  SSNLF  Google  MSFT  AMZN  SNE 
 googl finished the day pretty strong. Might get another leg higher this week. Holding weekly calls
Alphabet ended Titan solar-powered drone program, shifted focus to Loon, Wing  GOOG  Google
They talking about  AMZN,  Google,  FB banking again.  I do so much with  AMZN  Google already that wb natural progression
Amazon, Facebook and Google Should Be Able to Capitalize on These Internet Trends in 2017  AMZN  FB  Google 
Check out r/tradingsystems on Reddit for info on trading systems:  Apple  TSLA  NFLX  AMZN  Google  VIX  SPY  VXX  FB
Alphabet ended Titan solar-powered drone program, shifted focus to Loon, Wing  GOOG  Google  sitifatimah  malaysia …
Well done  AMZN  Google  CBOE  FCX but  GSAT hurting feelings, but low volume so we ok for now.
 GM  Google  GOOG:

US Sets Up an Advisory Panel on Self-Driving Cars:


Alphabet ended Titan solar-powered drone program, shifted focus to Loon, Wing...
 GOOG,  Google
MarketCurrents: Alphabet ended Titan solar-powered drone program, shifted focus to Loon, Wing  GOOG  Google
Analysts Issue Top Technology Stocks Picks for 2017  Google  BoeingBoeing  AMZN  Apple  NVDA  BOX 
Tesla's big hire may mean more competition for Apple and Google  TSLA  Apple  GOOG  Google 
businessinsider: Tesla's big hire may mean more competition for Apple and Google  TSLA  Apple  GOOG  Google … 
Business LOTP update: businessinsider: Tesla's big hire may mean more competition for Apple and Google  TSLA  Apple  GOOG  Google …
 Google businessinsider Tesla's big hire may mean more competition for Apple and Google  TSLA  Apple  GOOG  Google … 
I'd like to thank  Google for its strength into the close and overall follow through. 

Sincerely,
Your favorite sha… 
Tesla's big hire may mean more competition for Apple and Google  TSLA  Apple  GOOG  Google …
 Google:

Third of global consumers open to Google, Amazon banking: survey:


 googl nice bull flag type pattern as well. After a nice move last week - in time it could take it out  830ish
Yawn but  Google getting close for another move higher.  Friday's bank earnings might give this reason to take another leg higher....
 Google firm
 T  Google  FB:

What Would It Mean If The AT&T-Time Warner Deal Were To Fall …:


 FB will one day dethrone  Google in market cap
Man I'm scared trading all these market leaders . I prefer the slow boring stuff like  googl  tsla . However when in Rome 😉
Here are your leaders:   Apple  Google  TSLA  NVDA for any move higher 
Filled some lotto  Google 837.5s   .9. This could gap 840
Holding  Apple  Google  TSLA  NVDA calls. STRONG faith in  Apple  Google, which, as I said many times, will lead  XLK  SPX  COMP for a huge b/o!
okay bill you that magic  CNBCClosingBell you have 1hr lets make some news up  gs  aapl  pcln  googl  tsla Alchemy its its best!  cnbc
 andyrao316  Google must break 840 before hiking higher. But if it does, my PT will be 870-875.
 Apple  AMZN  Google  FB  NFLX  TSLA  PANW  GS  all looking so good
FANG is up 6.4% YTD.  FB  AMZN  Google  NFLX
These techs looking primo for upside.  Google >824,  Apple > 119.4,  AMZN >795
 Google daily rev building
Amazon, Facebook and Google will reap the benefits of these internet trends in 2017:  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google
 Apple  Google leading the strong rebounce here!!! 
ICYMI: {VIDEO} Stock Analysis + Trade Ideas!  Apple  AMZN  Google  BoeingBoeing  BIDU  CMG  FB  PCLN  NFLX  GS 
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google Posted Jan 6th,   SPY These market leaders continue to exhibit good strength.   livetradepro 
I believe we just witnessed the biggest correction of our lifetime!  pcln  googl  amzn  cnbc almost had a bear special on!  PowerLunch  gs
 Google looking strong
Bought back my  Google Jan20 830C. Looking very good here!!
 QQQ If this goes green it's all over for the shorts today.....  SPY  DIA  DJIA  IWM  TLT  stocks  stockmarket  AMZN  NFLX  GOOG  Google  FB
Google Home vs. Amazon Echo Dot: Which One Is Winning?
 Google,  AMZN

Benzinga: Will  Fintech Perish Or Prosper Under President Trump?  Apple  AMZN  FB  SQ  Google via CardlinxAssoc
Alphabet Inc  Lower Price Target by Credit Suisse (Ranked 25th) to  1100 as Outperform  Google  Google 
 Google:

It’s Divorce Season:


 SPY Finally. Took long enough!  DIA  DJIA  QQQ  IWM  TLT  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  GOOG  Google  FB  stocks  stockmarket  finance  investing  TWTR
Will  Fintech Perish Or Prosper Under President Trump?  Apple  AMZN  FB  SQ  Google via  CardlinxAssoc
Alphabet Inc.  Google Shares Sold by Hourglass Capital LLC 
Google (Alphabet) Reports Earnings Thu, Jan 26
EPS Estimate  9.64
Revenues Estimate  25.18 Billion
 Google  QQQ  XLK… 
This is one of the most relevant tweets about  Google now. 
 TheStreet Congratulations!! Your tweet about  Google is one of the most relevant now.
 SPY How long til the inevitable green?  SPX  DIA  DJIA  QQQ  IWM  IBB  stockmarket  investing  daytrading  finance  stocks  GOOG  Google  FB
This is one of the most relevant articles about  Google now. Moonshots and Paydirt  MSFT  FB  Apple 
 Google:

Bet on Alphabet as tech starts to ‘re-emerge’: Trader:


5-star analyst Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse maintained a BUY on  Google. Stephen has a 64% success rate  NASDAQ
Inside Apple's Uphill Battle in 2017  Apple  SSNLF  AMZN  Google
 VUZI nice to see Blade 3000 make CNN's top list...maybe  Google  Apple  MSFT  TXN are watching...  
 Google 13-day forecast +1.24%: Can Fatten Your Wallet Alphabet Inc Earnings Mark Calendar 
This Is Where Alphabet Inc Stock Will Thrive  GOOG  Google 
 SPY Come on bears. Can't you at least break 226 and keep it there?  SPX  DIA  DJIA  QQQ  IWM  TLT  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  GOOG  Google  FB  TWTR
Ingalls & Snyder LLC Sells 882 Shares of Alphabet Inc.  Google 
How To Day Trade Stocks For Profit by Harvey Walsh:  daytrading  Apple  Google  TSLA
1.11.17 Elliott Wave Updates For F.A.N.G. –  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google 
1.11.17 Elliott Wave Updates For F.A.N.G. -  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google -  
Google Top news - Jan 11th, 2017  Google 
Which voice assistant is the best? 
 Apple  Siri  Google  Amazon  Cortana  Microsoft  Apple  Google  MSFT  AMZN
 Google  AMZN putting in some nice 5ema reversals.
 AMZN and  Google new highs
Presentations today from  Google  FB  AMZN  BIDU  TSLA  CRM and  MSFT at  AIFrontiers conference; Google's Jeff Dean kicks it off...
 PCLN  Google  TRIP  EXPE:

Priceline, Expedia Outperform, TripAdvisor Neutral In New Coverage:


 CRAP  stocks for sweet returns!

 COMPQ  AMZN  Google  IXCO
 WTIC  COPPER  TECK 
 KBE
 VZ-N… 
10 Biggest Problems In The World That Can Be Solved With  Inventions
 FB,  Google,  TSLA,  PFE,  MON

Stale am market wide.  AKAM popping n2 targets, should have room to run.  Google trying to find support from  821.… 
Liking the way  Google keeps coming back to  825. Keep doing that and I expect  840's by this time next week at the latest
 BoeingBoeing  Google:

Analysts from Major Firms Issue Top Technology Stocks Picks for 2017:


Given the top picks seen in late 2016 and 2017, Top analyst calls with big upside for technology stocks  GOOG  Google 
 JPM17 Valeant SOTP Provides 92% Upside 
 AGN  MYL  Merck  TWTR  Apple  IEP  AMGN  BLUE  JNJ  GILD  HLF  IEP  JPM  KO… 
.....Chinese smartphone makers are flooding the market with cheap smartphones and most of them are Android OS-based.  Apple  Google  GOOG
Commoditisation of smartphones market is in favour for Google.....  Apple  Google  GOOG
Cheap airlines became so popular not because they charged premium, but because they gave the same basic service for much less.  Apple  Google
.....That's why Android OS will continue to dominate in the smartphones.  Apple  Google  GOOG
The Bible of Options Strategies by Guy Cohen:  options  trading  SPY  VIX  AMZN  Google  IBM  Apple
If you start using iPhone, you get stuck in a closed ecosystem where you are overpaying for everything.....  Apple  Google  GOOG
 AMZN  Google:

Google Home vs. Amazon Echo Dot: Which One Is Winning?:


They also split the shares so that  Google shares include a shareholder vote, while  GOOG shares (the original ticker) have no votes. 🤔
 Google Home vs.  Amazon Echo Dot: Which One Is Winning?  AMZN  Google  spotify  pandora  music via  insidermonkey
Alphabet, Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar  GOOG  Google 
Tech Today: Splunk on Tap, Upside for Western Digital, Trimming Google, - Tech Trader Daily-  SPLK  WDC  TMUS  Google 
 Google nice intra-day reversal here. see if it can break 827.50 to confirm continuation of uptrend move.
Credit Suisse Group Lowers Alphabet Inc.  Google Price Target to  1,100.00 
 GPS  Google  QCOM  PEP  KO:

U.K. Startup Blippar Considers New Funding After Fresh Losses:


Alphabet Is Dumping Its Imaging Satellite Biz  Google  GOOG 
Alphabet's PT cut by Credit Suisse Group to  1,100.00. outperform rating.  Google  Google
I sold my  Google 830 call at 2.10 from 1.80 cool
 GOOG  Google:

Alphabet, Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar:


Facebook Is the King of Media. Now It's Acting Like It.  FB  Google  XOM 
 Google testing 5ema within bull flag. This one could see a nice move into earnings perhaps. I'd look for 839-40
Who do you think will buy  edreams  edr.mc?  twtr  fb  amzn  aapl  baba  expe  pcln  airbnb  airbnb  googl  ebay
 googlepixel accounted for 1.3% of sales for 3 months ending in Nov., but only started selling Oct 20.… 
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ  Google), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ  Apple) and…  Technology  Alphabet… 
I bought  Google 830 call at 1.80 for 2 days
5 Facts Apple Investors Should Know About the App Store  Apple  GOOG  Google 
The latest US smartphone sales data from  KWP_ComTech  Google  Apple  iphone  android 
Tech Stocks: 
 FB
 AMZN
 MSFT
 Google
 NFLX 
 XRIM  MONEY : FoxBusiness : Tech Stocks: 
 FB
 AMZN
 MSFT
 Google
 NFLX … 
Business LOTP update: FoxBusiness: Tech Stocks: 
 FB
 AMZN
 MSFT
 Google
 NFLX  busniess  news
Tech Stocks: 
 FB
 AMZN
 MSFT
 Google
 NFLX  business
Google weighs sale of satellite business  GOOG  Google
YahooFinance: Facebook's new plan for video ads is huge for publishers  FB  Google 
Is Inc.(AMZN) Becoming A Threat To Alphabet Inc(Google)? sreekanthOne1A  Google  AMZN 
Yandex: Potential Growth Drivers  GOOG  Google  YNDX
Facebook's new plan for video ads is huge for publishers  FB  Google 
Interview with Connor Bruggeman SchoolTrader Extraordinaire!:  NFLX  HIMX  INO  AMGN  Google
 ISRG Popping. We might have a runner on our hands
 SPX  TSLA  FB  Apple  NFLX  BoeingC  GS  Google
Facebook, Apple and Google should watch out for the EU: via  TheStreet  FB  Apple  Google
 Apple: After 10 Years, iPhone's Full Potential Is Still Unrealized  GOOG  Intel  MSFT  Google  Apple
Price Target Lowered 01/11:  AMZN 950  Google 1100  NVDQ 13  URBN 29  WMB 33
 Google  NVDA  FCAU  MBLY  Intel:

Will Google’s AI Tensor Chips Roil Intel, Nvidia Auto Plans?:


Exploiting Earnings Volatility by Brian Johnson:  options  trading  earnings  Apple  SPY  VIX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
Credit Suisse: FANGs will increase R&D spend this year as large cap tech focuses on product development in 2017. To… 
Inc.'s Best-Selling Product in 2016  AMZN  GOOG  Google 
Google's Pixel storms the smartphone market  Google  GOOG  Apple The latest from  rosstucker
 UPS  XOM  P&G  GM  Google:

For Companies Torn Between Industry and Climate, the Heat Is On:


My watch list for Wednesday Jan 11:  Apple  NVDA  Google  FSLR  GS  DDD  A  TSLA
Alphabet  Google  Google was high on the list of TOP TECH STOCKS FOR 2017 FROM MAJOR ANALYSTS 
 SDVI  SDVI to acquire up to 4 companies  Google  Intel  Apple  TKOSTOCKS 
 SDVI  SDVI to Acquire up to 4 companies  Google  Apple  MSFT  truckit  INNOVO  TKOSTOCKS
Alphabet Inc Considers Selling Satellite Business to Planet Labs   GOOG  Google  labs… 
 Google Credit Suisse cuts PT to  1100 
 TSLA  FB  Google:

The Radical Moneymaking Schemes of Peter Thiel’s Youth Movement:


Will Amazon's Airborne Dreams Become Reality? Find out here:  AMZN  LULU  GOOG  Google
 QQQ Nasdaq Recap for Tuesday; Top 10 Most Actively Traded Stocks 

 Apple  NVDA  FB  AMZN… 
 This newsletter provides resources needed to get started with penny stocks   YMC  CM  NKE  Google
 SNE  SONY  30.46  ask  premarket  35 days ahead  premarket  Google  CMCSA  FOXA  DIS  TWX  NFLX  AMZN  GME  GPRO… 
i wonder what the futures are? Umm Green! Lol easy     pcln  googl  fb  gs  SquawkCNBC fed eps news all made up just buy  HalftimeReport
 Google Pot. resume Uptrend in a consolid LONGERTERM Wly-Dly-Hly combo chart  Google  Stocks 
Stock Market Chart Technical Analysis Video


 Apple  AMZN  Google  BoeingBoeing & More
 Google:

Google Now Has 157 Products:


Facebook Is Ready to Take On YouTube  stocks  Google,  FB,  TWTR,  GOOG 
Top Apps (USA): 3 from  FB, 5 from  Google, 1 from  Apple and 1 from  AMZN. What do you think?
Source: Nielsen… 
 Google:

Flying River Taxis Eye Customers From the Seine to San Francisco:


 Google  GOOG LOL, the Credit Suisse dude just wanted to let the world know he still exists... 
Credit Suisse Lowers Alphabet's (Google) PT, Maintains Outperform  Google 
Credit Suisse Lowers Alphabet's  Google PT, Maintains Outperform 
 validate  organic  strategies at stay  focused on  success  aapl  mck  googl  hpq  hpe  NewYorkCity
 Google - Google Seeks to Sell Satellite Unit -- WSJ 
 Google 
JPMorgan Says Facebook Fears Overdone As Cowen Touts Video Ads  FB Also  NFLX  GOOG  Google  YELP  MTCH  CRTO 
 TSLA,  PANW,  SPY,  CUDA,  Google,  FEYE,  Apple  Market Commentary For Wednesday, Jan 11 
Newsletter -Sign up for a FREE two-week trial!   NVDA  Google… 
Alphabet's acquisition of Skybox isn't the only failure on its report card:  Google 
Google is aggressively trying to corral AI talent, with acquisitions in speech and image recognition.  GOOG  Google 
New EU rules could gouge  FB,  Apple and  Google's ad sales via  TheStreet
 Google a long since 811.44 was broken. Targets 839.05 & 845.73. Bears need to retake 811 first. Weekly a long since… 
 Google Google's Go is TIOBE's programming language of 2016 
 IBM  IBM issued more patents than  Google  Google and  Microsoft  MSFT in 2016 
Subscribe to this incredible high return trading model:  VIX  SPY  Apple  TSLA  FB  AMZN  Google  NFLX
OFCCP Sues Google, Seeking Pay Data | by  ProskauerGCCRU  GOOG  Google  Google  stocks  Finance  tech  technology
Don't miss tomorrow's FREE OPTION TRADE.  Sign up for our Daily Free Trades at 
 NVDA  TSLA  GS  MBLY  AMZN  Google
I'm checking out  Google  thinkorswim 
Trade of the Day: Powershares QQQ Trust Series  QQQ  Intel  Apple  AMZN  MSFT  GOOG  Google… 
Walter & Keenan Financial Consulting Co. MI ADV Has  2,488,000 Position in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
Alphabet passes self-driving sensor milestone  GOOG  Google
{NEW VIDEO} Analysis + Trade Ideas  Apple  AMZN  Google  BoeingBoeing  BIDU  CMG  FB  PCLN  NFLX  GS - 
Apple, Facebook, and Google Top Greenpeace Energy Report Card  Apple  FB  Google
 Google implied  volatility in 27-Jan-17 earnings expiration ticks up to 30.7 with the straddle implying a 5.3% move 
Report: Here's why  Alphabet could outperform its  FANG rivals  Google  GOOG  FB  AMZN  NFLX
 Apple  FB  Google  NKE  MSFT  AMZN trade 4x-23x book value with that multiple  SNE  SONY should trade btw  80 to  450
themotleyfool 10 Reasons to Buy Alphabet Inc Stock and Never Sell  stocks  Google,  GOOG 
Hedge Funds For Dummies:  SPY  SPX  VIX  Apple  AMZN  Google  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart  IBM
Tesla Digs Up Exec From Apple, Which Musk Mocked As 'Tesla Graveyard':  TSLA  Apple  NVDA  MBLY  Google  Intel
15 For 17: A Strategy That Has Consistently Beat Market  AMZN  FB  Google  NFLX  RSP  SPY  GOOG  NOBL 
 QQQ  Nasdaq Recap for Tuesday;  Top 10 Most Actively Traded Stocks 

 Apple  NVDA  FB  AMZN… 
 NVDA  Google  Apple  TSLA  MBLY:

Tesla Digs Up Exec From Apple, Which Musk Mocked As ‘Tesla Graveyard’:


 SNE  SONY Sony seeks to engage at the 'last inch'  Apple  NIKKEI  MSFT  SSNLF  AMZN  FB… 
  Flows: Buying on Weakness: Among stocks that were down Tue, these had the largest net INFLOWS of money:  WMB  KO  P&G  Merck  JNJ  Google top6
Where exactly is this "new language" to be found?  Google 'taught' it 3  languages, it used 2. Is there an  English… 
European Commission proposes greater privacy regulation for messaging, email...  FB  Apple  MSFT  GOOG  Google 
 JPM17 Afterhours Valeant Buys Treats The FOMO
 VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  JNJ  KO  PEP  AGN  IBM  MSFT  IBM  GILD  TEVA… 
Is Apple Getting Into Virtual Reality? -- Tech Roundup  Apple  apple  FB  SSNLF  FIT  Google 
