Google translate... You know what to do. 😂

Stephen Hawking is worried about the threat posed by our alien overlords 
Publishers call on government to help over Google and Facebook
 
The Proven Method to Ranking on the First Page of Google For Any Long-tai... via  pcorwin 
Allo, hangouts, duo, messenger, hangouts dialer. Too many apps. Why not just consolidate them all into one app  google ?
Peeps, the Rising Star Dinner is October 8, do you have your tickets yet?  FOMO 
Aerodactyl 80% (11/10/15/Steel Wing/Hyper Beam) till 08:14:31 (14m 36s). 
Watching them gentrify LA and Inglewood is pretty saddening. Google has given gentrification an appealing definition from what it really is
A wild Nidoking has appeared! Available until 05:14:41pm.  UBC 
Available Now ;) 
 PONDCAST SUBSCRIBE:
iTunes: 
Google Play: 
Stitcher: 
Google Play Store Logo ✩
 myhtomagic according to google it's some sort of an unknown strange bird😳 what's your Hogwarts house?
A wild Squirtle has appeared! Available until 10:13:50 (13m 58s). 
 UN_P&GA  GVBohemenNZ will you encourage the 2017  unsgcandidates to support  TheGirlAgenda? 
Google launches its Daydream VR development tools out of beta 
The Low-Tech Hack You& 039;re Not Prepared For 
google translate 
News: Educator Examines Inequity, Social Justice Issues in K-12 Schools 
.apk For Android | Android APK Google PlayStore 
A wild Magmar has appeared in 90021! Available until 05:14:36pm  (14m 49s). 
Ex-Cuomo Aides Charged in Federal Corruption Inquiry - via 
Google says its gonna be cold in E.L next weekend. Do you know the typa food i missed out on just so can look 🔥iny bikini
A wild Blastoise has appeared! Available until 17:14:42 (14m 55s). 
Accident   I-75-85 NB EXPY NW / NORTH AVE NW 
Tech Analyst Fired By Citi Over Google-Facebook Snafu Has A New Home via  forbes 
 stunningselmg Oh wow that crazy and too accurate. Google gonna to get sued for that. People's address shouldn't be online. Only the govt
A wild Poliwhirl appeared! It will be near Woodforest Apartments until 7:12 PM.  Poliwhirl  PokemonGo  Nacogdoches
“Jean”Battery Widget for Android  attack_on_titan_battery 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 19:13:18 (13m 36s). 
This Is How Google Grew From  0 To  498 Billion 
 xor  stltoday google opinion rewards as an ad revenue substitute?
Google Translate doesn't have a translate to Braille option. 
At the Smithsonian's National Zoo in Washington, D.C., a limos harlequin fro…: google_ad… 
A wild Hitmonlee has appeared in 90017! Available until 05:14:24pm  (14m 49s). 
Blockchain Could Be Music's Next Disruptor 
Police Sex Abuse Case Is Bad News for Mexico's Leader - via 
Sandshrew appeared at KL Sentral Nu Sentral Exit area until 8:12 AM.
 Sandshrew  KLSentralNuSentralExit  KLSentral
Ohio Restaurant, Management Firm to Pay  1.4M to Settle Sexual Harassment Suit  eeoc
Business Insider: Atlanta is honoring one of its most famous rappers with an  11.6 million machine.  KillerMike
King of dark fantasy. Summon today. App Store: Google Play:  DarkSummoner
Firing Suit: Firm Told Woman She Was 'Stupid' to Get Pregnant  eeoc
Court okays discrimination against dreadlocks  eeoc
 MayMay__Monster just google it. it was the first link
Federal Court Says It's Totally Not Racist to Ban Dreadlocks at Work  eeoc
 CARdinals_book you can Google the truth project
Denial of Right to Wear Locs Means Denial of Black Freedoms  eeoc
You can put the word "study" after any sketchy / reprehensible google search and it immediately becomes acceptable. 
 booknews: PokerNews Book Review: "Bluffs" by Jonathan Little and Albert Hart  books  book
That Google  Allo apps is sooo cool 
 LethalFrag oh nevermind, its Google.  Couldnt remember
Podcast with Margrethe Vestager(EU, EC). Many important issues and relationships. But twitter issue was my bias.:)
Obama Administration Considers Arming Syrian Kurds Against ISIS - via 
 Seattle_Fan1980 Google owns youtube
The Guardian: Young Britons living in 'suspended adulthood', research finds. 
JPM quant 'wizard' now favours "a continuation of ... reflation 'risk-on' <b>…  currency
Compu Deals : 49" Class (48.5" Diag.) - LED - 2160p - Google Cast - 4K Ultra HD TV
 429.9… 
How do you disable Google trending items?   googlefail
A true trumpkin explaining what  trump and his minions think...sad!  nevertrump  TrumpPence16  nevertrump 
 SpeakerRyan  NoRegulationWithoutRepresentation Legacy  RegulationFreedomAmendment  RestoreStatesRights
ICAP EBS On Verge of Launching Real-Time <b>FX</b> Market Data  currency
There's a Google Play station that's nothing but acoustic covers of rock songs and OH MAN IS IT GREAT.
Downloads are anonymous so you can be a ghost supporter 😂 ( teamemu  gamedev  iOS10… 
New report finds chromium-6 in drinking water  BadWater 
Taiwan asks Google to blur map images from disputed island 
Brad Pitt May Be Subject Of Year Long Child Protective Services Investigation — Attorney Speaks 
A wild Flareon appeared!
It will be Ackland (Topo, CoffeeShop) until 8:00 PM.
 Flareon  Ackland  PokemonGo  UNC
Google Address Autocomplete for Jigoshop (Jigoshop) - 
 dorothy_eng described the guerilla movement at civic tech toronto to help citizens of Toronto  civictechto
Arsenal v Chelsea: Referee appointment is bad news for Arsene Wenger: ARSENAL haven't beaten Chelsea for...  AFC
Twitter User Name completed the quest Writing on the Wall! 
 Computer  Show: iRULU eXpro X1 7" A33 Google Android 4.4 Quad Core GMS HD Screen 8GB… 
Arsenal News: This is when Arsene Wenger will leave the Gunners: Official minutes of a meeting between A...  AFC
Facebook and Intel built killer AIs that dominated a “Doom” video game competition: It's pretty much universa... 
 2118 iRULU eXpro X1 7" Google Android 4.4 Tablet PC HD Screen Quad Core 8GB 
54 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
A wild Marowak has appeared! Available until 19:03:12 (4m 1s). 
Bus drives straight throug roundabout  viralvideos 
FX_Digital: How to Set up Google Analytics  onlinemarketing  marketing  
My AbyssRium:) 
 abyssrium
 TonyStewart  NASCAR Tony Stewart 2009 Wheels Hat Dance Office Depot Patch Serial  8/10  Google  Trends
Here's a First Look at Apple's Fake Bokeh 'Portrait' Mode, Available Now 
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
Google Testing Individual Hotel Booking Block at Top of Search Results via  TheSEMPost
Off with his head!
Muslim migrant boat captain 'threw six Christians to their deaths' via 
i'm just looking at pics of r2d2 on google images. this guy is cool
Dratini has appeared! At 2515 Church St. Disappearing in 13m 58s. 
motorcycle pictures of birthday cake - Google Search 
Google's DeepMind plans to digitise the NHS. Should patients hand over their medical records?
A wild Bulbasaur appeared! It will be around the Dog Park until 7:13 PM. 
Egg-in-a-Hole - Delicious! Just made one myself.  
Taiwan Asks Google To Blur Its Military Facilities In South China Sea - 
 95 million project underway at Eppley Airfield  digitalsignage 
Microsoft Bringing Cloud Services to Germany Using Data Trustee Model: Now, German businesses that may have b... 
A wild Ponyta appeared!
It will be EastWash2 until 8:12 PM.
 Ponyta  EastWash2  PokemonGo  WashPA
US military chief: 'Concerning' mustard attack on US base - via 
Google just pumped a bunch of money into Airbnb 
 IoT US Homeland Security launches IoT willy-waving campaign  InternetOfThings
 MelissaSchwandt  jasmineross_ friends Google play eather email gabby hi rice friend a are all  wainkel katie Kennedy
Mulle meeldis  androidauth  YouTube video Google Allo Quick Look! (
A wild Aerodactyl has appeared! Available until 17:13:47  (14m 49s). 
 RADIO  TOP40 Now Playing  Dangerous Woman  Ariana Grande  APPS Apple Google 
<b>Celebrity</b> Big Brother star Heavy D engaged to Bryony Ann Harris after just ONE MONTH 
love it!!【My cutie devil】　  mycutiedevil 
【iOS】
【Android】
[SCAN]  EXO Dear Happiness  찬열
In honor of  HobbitDay, I have released a free poetry game about Tom Bombadil!   tolkien  hobbits  storygames… 
where u keep ur nug stash  google? oh thats private info? don't worry I aint no rat like u r  Allo
Actually never mind what I said about colors of Google Chrome..! It's just a Mac problem thing! :P
Phipps pairs African festival with tropical forest exhibit 
A wild Bulbasaur appeared!
It will be Homestead Park until 8:09 PM.
 Bulbasaur  HomesteadPark  PokemonGo  UNC
Or better yet, could they publicly say, without using Google Search or without being advised beforehand,
Reality bites
Canada on cruise control, but Russian rival looms 
Taking A Spin on Carnival Cruise Line's New Website 
 NEW Google Consumer Surveys:
 Nevada:
Trump 34% (+2)
Clinton 32%
Johnson 15%
 Iowa:
Trump 31% (+1)
Clinton 30%
Johnson 11%
Google have a social responsibility to maintain free navigation of the Web, not just a responsibility to make it attractive to advertisers.
Accident   I-75-85 NB EXPY NW / 17TH ST NW 
 JenLikesWine Hillary's voted for the Iraq war, people mysteriously die around her, and Benghazi. Almost forgot, Google "Keep them at heel"
Google Chromecast HDMI Streaming TV Dongle - Black | 
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 20:13:43 (15m 5s). 
Image: funny shark pictures 
Edward Snowden warns world to stay way... 
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  Just Like A Pill  Pink  APPS Apple Google 
A wild Raichu has appeared! Available until 17:13:28  (14m 49s). 
Bruno Mars - Liquor Store Blues 
Hillary Clinton makes a trail stop 'Between Two Ferns' - via 
I really wanna use Google Allo but Edward Snowden told us not to
 BenedictEvans True. People in my contacts, whose names are not tagged with invite option, do not have google allo
Corylus 
Redondo Beach - A wild Snorlax has appeared, available until 5:13 PM (15 minutes!) 
Angry Muk 48% 5/6/11 Lick & Gunk Shot! Disappears 19:13:25 (14m 48s).  LongBeach  PokemonGo 
Google’s Tilt Brush 
aaaaeeeeeeeeeee A GoogleE ME BEIJOU 
Better Buy: Twitter, Inc. vs. Google Parent Alphabet, Inc. 
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu: United Nations A 'Moral Farce'  BreitbartNews
The Google Play Store Is Now Available in Chrome OS, Brings Android Apps to Your Chromebook |  scoopit 
 secretsandwichs did you do today's doodle? 
 Nowplaying Neil Diamond - You Don´t Bring Me Flowers at  oldies New  Android App 
I want Tony Stark's phone since Iron Man 2. Stop telling me your phone is great  Apple and  Google and  Samsung and  God.
A wild Charmander appeared near Bunkeflostrand! It will stay around until 02:13.
Just went on Google, and found this image, and...*clears throat*  SSGPrinceVegeta? What are your thoughts?😂😂😂… 
 HollyAnswers  Ricky_Vaughn99 Google American inventors.
 MelaynaLokosky  elonmusk there are trustworthy websites. Random site that doesn't show up in Google on their own name? Uh no.
Look, I got a Duck Meat!
( ・ω・ )
⊃(::::)=3⊂
+ Green Onion
= …!?
 HuntCookGame 
idk about others but Google Assistant moved me from keyword to question queries.
Women News: FLO ALL Women delegation - exploring new opportunitues in NZ: FLO ALL Women delegation - explorin... 
I . B . ♥'n . U !!! . ThnX . 4 . ♥'n . Me !!!
CaN YoU.R BraiN Keep uP wiTh YoU.R bODy ??? 
GeT iT oN Google Play --… 
Donald Trump Promises Oil and Gas Industry Big But Skepticism Remains - via 
Muk 48% (Lick/Gunk Shot) till 17:13:25 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
Scyther is near The Gardens. Leaves at 01:09. You have 11m 1s! 
From the 80s Petra Open Book on  D/L our apps from Google and Apple.
Rio 2016: Mongolian wrestling coaches banned after protest 
[Northeast Philadelphia] Snorlax until 8:13:16PM at 4106 Chalfont Dr 
A wild Rapidash has appeared! Available until 17:13:15  (14m 48s). 
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 19:13:07 (14m 47s). 
Job opening on Google's  sustainability team! Team Lead, Data Center Sustainability  VERGEcon  datacenter  tech
via SlideShare Android App ( gymrescue  gymowner
 shitshowdotinfo I might hit that young google doc for the culture
My Blue Clownfish:) 
We have open spots for Skype conferencing tonight! Sign up here: 
Can't Get Enough of Your Love, Babe 
Google is letting Apple know about its upcoming Pixel phone event, big time 
Everything You Need to Know About Google Allo's Privacy Backlash - Fortune 
Why Twitter not post? Google Reviewing Request to Blur Map of Disputed South China Sea Islands 
Fuck yahoo lmao I'm team Google
'We must defeat this grammar schools policy' 
SNP and councils' entente is far from cordiale 
A wild Squirtle appeared!
It will be Dorms Morrison, Craig, HJ, Ehaus until 8:11 PM.
 Squirtle  PokemonGo  UNC
Go ahead, Justine: ditch these crazy, unfair policies 
Chansey at 14067 Candlewood Dr, 91342 until 05:11:23pm (13m 0s). 
Passion is for the bedroom – not the classroom 
Access Publishing Hosting Seminars For Local Businesses On Media Exposure and Internet ...  seo
A bombastic Magnemite has appeared! Available until 19:12:58 (14m 47s).  Dallas  PokemonGo 
A wild Bulbasaur appeared near Kobjer! It will stay around until 02:12.
Web 20 Acquires LCT Press's Bulk SEO Press Release Service  seo
Chansey 53% (Pound/Dazzling Gleam) till 17:13:08 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
A wild Vaporeon has appeared near: 9502 115 St! Available until 06:12pm (13m 59s). 
AT&T sues Nashville TN over new 'One Touch Make Ready' ordinance aimed at helping Google Fiber expand to the city > It's called COMPETITION
 Advertising
Google Local Business Cards or Posts about to roll out to ‘thousands’ of SMBs 
— Digital Advertising…
 Renwynter idk why i do this i just google things i like a lot, even tho it's just looking at the same things each time
We are still looking for 2L and 3L mentors for our buddy program! 
Sign up here: 
Tulsa police officer charged with manslaughter - via 
 security  news  scissecurity Google weakens Allo chat app privacy promise BBCTech  google  allo  privacy  infosec
 WeLoveLA  LARams Los Angeles Rams Notes: 09/21/2016  SportsRoadhouse
Google Image Result for 
Kerry says there's 'no military solution' to Syrian conflict 
 Gnoll_  HillaryLostMe  kougarov  mtracey  DrJillStein  You are the full on reta.. If you can't google  and know you are WRONG
Lickitung 51% (14/8/1) Zen Headbutt/Stomp) 'til 17:12:51 
Happy first day of Fall!  GoogleDoodle
Relax, renew, rejuvenate in Asheville: From yoga to massage to relaxing in a salt cave, the welcoming city of... 
Jeeva Sandesham – Psalms 4:4,5: Download Link – 
Highlighting our Google Classroom username and password for practice! Goal is a 5 minute sign in! You can do this!… 
AT&T sues city over Google Fiber-backed ordinance - Nashville Business Journal 
1st and 6th period small groups have your posters, google presentation and bibliography finished for tomorrow. No excuses!
Hard <b>EDM</b> Fest Heads Down Under  panfurradio  edm
Electabuzz: A wild Electabuzz has appeared! Available until 18:11:51 (13m 57s). 
Calvin Harris & Rihanna's 'We Found Love' Turns 5: A Look Back at the Song…  panfurradio  edm
Tea prices rise six per cent at Mombasa auction: Tea prices at the Mombasa auction rose by six per cent at th... 
Kaskade Is Sick Of Drug Use Being Framed As An <b>EDM</b>-Only Problem  panfurradio  edm
59 Of The Happiest <b>EDM</b> Songs You'll Ever Hear  panfurradio  edm
poke:Eevee IV:93% (15A/ 13D/ 14S/ Tackle/ Body Slam) ate 01:12:55 (14m 58s) tempo restante. 
Interesting twist & narrative on rape.
Calais Jungle volunteers accused of 'sexually exploiting' camp's refugees. 
Happy Birthday to my dear friends Peter Feltham​ Wade Harman​ Kay Günther​  
Canvas Filters 
I deadass just opened my google app and started to type a tweet in the search bar....
I will submit your press release to Google and 39 PR & Article sites for 10€ 
A wild Exeggutor has appeared in Sierra Madre! Available until 05:12:43pm (14m 49s).  PokemonGo  PokeArcadia 
Certain things you should ask google instead of Twitter lol because now you look stupid.
 namnam014 what movie/drama is this? Im sorry if u can understand me i'll try to using thailand language from google translate😂
Former NFL Lineman Sings Praises of Cannabis Use: Another former NFL player has come forward saying that cann... 
being a poor college kid is typing in the contents of ur fridge into google hoping a decent recipe pops up so u dont starve that night
The Freedom Leaf  app is available now, for  free!
 iOS/App Store: 
 Android/Google Play:… 
Google Developers Blog:Google VR SDK graduates out of beta via  google
Calling ALL  KendraScott lovers  YouCanMakeADifference Sat 10-1pmCST 20% to  AHF Place your order… 
A wild Magmar has appeared in 90012! Available until 05:12:21pm  (14m 41s). 
Here a little context for you, the Tuskegee experiment lasted 40yrs. If you don't know what that is google it.
UN 2030 Agenda and climate accord must 'transform peoples' lives'– Rwandan President  Rwanda
A wild Pikachu appeared near Limhamn! It will stay around until 02:12.
 stunningselmg Nah I'm not doing that. That's mad creepy. Isn't that illegal? I remember a woman sued google cuz of that.
APR FC head coach job still vacant  Rwanda
Porygon 48% (Zen Headbutt/Signal Beam) till 17:12:34 (14m 47s) GO GET IT!. 
Europe's leadership crisis  Rwanda
309068  soldiers
had given their lives to save humanity! 
Koffing appeared at Suasana Loft area until 8:10 AM.
 Koffing  SuasanaLoft  MYPokeWatch  KLSentral
 retweet_videos   retweet_twitch   YouTubeRTBot   YoutoobRetweets   New_YouTubers Please visit and SUBSCRIBE : 
Rwagatare was too kind to the Catholic Churh  Rwanda
 USA  Deals  ebay  65 iRULU 7" BabyPad Y1 Google Android 8GB Learning eReader Kids' Tablet… 
 LambilyInfinity  omniJLO go to Google and write jlo birthday dress 2016 and then go to image which is inspired by jlo and then you well see
UN is structured to fail  Rwanda
 P&GH_BUS_INFO  P&GHtransit and Google Maps screws up again unless there is a IB BLSV leaving SHV at 8:00pm that is not on website
Remittances: The glue that binds Rwandan Diaspora and their roots  Rwanda
Airbnb is now worth  30 billion, and it has Google to thank. 
Sandshrew is near Marine Parade. Leaves at 01:09. You have 12m 15s! 
 51K grant ensures Newark babies have safe place to sleep  insomnia  sleep
The  GoogleAllo has everything to compete with the  WhatsApp,  messenger and  telegram, only need a massive disclosure by the  google 😉
Tired of Being Tired? Here's Help  insomnia  sleep
A wild Wigglytuff appeared!
It will be Fineview until 8:10 PM.
DIY rain clouds – one of the best science activities for kids! – Toby and Roo: google_ad… 
 RADIO  90s  juice Now Playing  I Like To Move It  Reel 2 Real  APPS Apple Google 
"google" is actually a really good term, it has that sorta old timey ring to it like "jiggaboo" or "gollywog"
tsc him & her   podcast  episode 28: is it   legal ? 
 lawyers
Love & Hip Hop The Game - Android Apps on Google Play 
Tech invests in Washington: Internet companies lobby big on Capitol Hill 
Pound Dollar Exchange Rate Trends Higher after Fed Meeting, Pound Euro Remains Softer - Euro Exchange Rate News  V… 
A wild Voltorb has appeared! Available until 19:09:13 (11m 53s). 
“Eren”Battery Widget for Android  attack_on_titan_battery 
“Levi”Battery Widget for Android  attack_on_titan_battery 
Listen to The Happiest Podcast On Earth Ep. 5 NOW!  ToonFest
▶ iTunes: 
▶ Google Play: 
A wild Wigglytuff has appeared! Available until 17:11:10 (13m 58s). 
Supreme Court nod to destroy 550 tonnes of Maggi sought  noodles
Rieker Boots Review - Brantano! The weather is slowly changing (down South) which only means one thing! The winter… 
Anyone used google Allo?
Newly Married Couples Should Report Marriage to Marketplace
A wild Marowak has appeared! Available until 19:09:22 (12m 5s). 
Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students - CNET 
Airbnb’s Funding Round Led by Google Capital  google  capital  airbnb  funding  startup
I had no idea. I love it.  
When I was in Peru I set Quechua as the default language for my google searches. Guess I never changed it back: 
 AlyLovesMovies that is such propaganda. A simple Google will reveal that last fucking picture w quote is total bullshit. Get a life🙄
A wild Lapras appeared in  Heidelberg! Stays till 02:12:04 CEST, only 14m 49s left. 
Spain |  Car-Free Day brings traffic to a standstill across Spain: Traffic was brought to a standstill with… 
elliot's ringtone is ghostbusters but the ghostbusters part is switched out with a google translator voice saying 'elliot' instead
Man breaks into home with rock climbing hammer to threaten victim: SPOKANE, Wash. --- A man broke into an apa... 
Google image search "Atari breakout". You're welcome
Apple done nothing wrong  soccerballchallenge 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 19:10:37 (13m 25s). 
Google launches its Daydream VR development tools out of beta| via  TechCrunch  Tech 
Acer Aspire 2420 4920 5580 Power Adapter / Charger  acer
 manjoseph lol i just google searched look like reese witherspoon. i don't even know who brittney snow is
Google is your friend I promise you. Put your pride aside and spellcheck your shit before using these long, elaborate words incorrectly.
[Roxborough-Manayunk] Lickitung until 8:11:58PM at 313 Shawmont Ave 
My Blue Parrotfish:) 
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow via  techcrunch
Does Nougat Kill the Nexus 5X? Google Says Random Rebooting Is a Hardware Issue - WCCFtech 
iPhone 7 Plus review: Incremental and imposing - New Atlas 
My Fire Goby:) 
 google office  Dublin  musicroom  TBT 💖🎶 
Automatic Alarm - E040 - Perry - Milart - 18:46 - 
 iball_tre google
 jetbluetori everyone's address is online lol. It's always been online. You can look up yours and see it on google maps even.
Amber Rose Has The Secret To Weight Loss 
A wild Grimer has appeared! Available until 07:11:51pm  (14m 49s)   11807 Laurel Meadow Dr. 
Google Allo - Product Hunt 
 HoganMitchell You know what Google is? 😜
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow: Pretty much 100 percent of my… 
Click the link and follow to help a youtuber for FREE   kazuzu
 kboc923 I blame Google
Just signed up for updates on  googlefiber in my city. Check your address for the latest in your area:  😎🎉
IoT Drone Test
9/22/2016 23:56:50 GMT
 IoT  drone  M2M
 MxJackMonroe new Google skill level unlocked. That's my Bieber outfit sorted...
my main google play playlist has only 37 fucking songs im struggling so hard to find good music
A wild Pidgeot has appeared! Despawns in: 14m 22s. 
Haunter is near Robert Gybson Way. Leaves at 01:09. You have 12m 25s! 
Chansey at 22 Nanyang Ave, [Western Water Catchment] up til 8:11:35AM.  
The magnitude of this song 
I liked a  YouTube video from  toptrending 10 Things You Should Never Google
I'm soo excited Google is finally making their own phone... 
[Western Water Catchment] Chansey until 8:11:35AM at 22 Nanyang Ave 
 tltiger26 bannon ailes manafort bossie stone. google these assholes. they are running ur campaign. get a clue lady
A wild Jynx appeared!
It will be Comm Park S Estes / Franklin until 8:11 PM.
 Jynx  CommPark  PokemonGo  UNC
497089  soldiers
[Serangoon] Vaporeon until 8:11:31AM at 105 Serangoon North Ave 1 
Dragonite spotted in North Salt Lake! Runs away at 06:07:53 PM 
Learning about El Santo thanks to Google's homepage today. Feels like watching Nacho Libre now
A wild Mr. Mime appeared in  Heidelberg! Stays till 02:11:31 CEST, only 14m 49s left. 
My Moon Jellyfish:) 
Google Authenticator 4.74 APK Download by Google Inc. - APKMirror via  Movil_Apps
Amazon/Google/Facebook: As long as the gov't doesn't stop them, nothing will for a VERY long time.  AMZN  GOOG  FB 
Best Games iPod Touch 4th Generation 
Man 'kicked out of Uber for smoking medical marijuana' reacts in un-chilled manner  MedicalDagga
All module presentations were given by Google today, showing their experience, tomorrow Gabi Dos Reis presents again on Modules.  CppCon
New Medical Marijuana Bill Package Impacts Gaylord Medical Marijuana Community  MedicalDagga
🙌🏽 Moment of gratitude for Slack, Skype, Dropbox, and Google Docs for making it seamless to collaborate on a Kickstarter video remotely! 🙌🏽
Judge Orders Post-Operative Chronic Pain be Added to Medical Marijuana Program  MedicalDagga
No matter what, don’t use Google’s new Allo messenger app, says Edward Snowden /
Growlithe has appeared! At 1804 Brown St. Disappearing in 13m 58s. 
Philly420: Cannabis may offer relief in opiate crisis  MedicalDagga
The life and legacy of an architectural master in The Man Who Built Cambodia: He lived in Switzerland for two... 
Metro5 Top Searches:  google allo - - September 23rd 2016
Google Play figured out how to get me to voluntarily watch a 2 minute ad. 
Do you know what   KABEDON is? ；）
Seems like a cool Japanese culture　X)
Armed Spy Robotic Vehicle 
[Bishan] Dragonite until 8:11:31AM at 108 Gardenia Rd 
Google's Allo messaging app launches in the Canadian iOS App Store - 
Glad Google is recognizing the importance of British sitcom with the Allo Allo app
'Out of control' Chinese space station to crash to earth in 2017  NewsSuite 
when u gotta google smthn 4 times before telling someone cuz if u get it wrong ur Entire Life will be ruined
A6: Also, If I have a large album  of photos, I will upload a link to a shared google folder for parents access and view.   seesawchat
Magneton: A wild Magneton has appeared! Available until 18:11:07 (14m 45s). 
MIT researchers prove fast microbial evolutionary bursts exist - MIT News ☄  vrai777 ⛱ ℅  scifi  discover ∰ 
 SwigglesRP it might just be Mac's Google Chrome thats destroys colors/saturation/brightness :P
 Florida:
Trump 43% (+13)
Johnson 8%
.
New Hampshire:
Trump 38% (+10)
Clinton 28%
Johnson 13%
 angelijka8 Uhhhhhh Give me a minute while I Google that. 😄
my last google search was just "popsicle"
Burned On Traditional Clothing Subscriptions? Pitch and Primer Offers Something Different 
Fashion Designers Dressed Ballerinas for the NYCB Gala 
Pinched by price, put off by styles: Plus-size women wear men's clothes 
5 Tips for Developing Your B2B Sales 
Socrative Student App 
Hire pros — not average Joes — to train you 
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 02:11:11 (14m 48s). 
 PeanutButterGmr Yeah, if you look at the rules page there is supposed to be a strikes system and they can terminate your Google/YT accounts
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
Gastly at 12976 Macneil St N, 91342 until 05:09:32pm (13m 6s). 
Bushy Park 
Everything You Need to Know About Google Allo's Privacy Backlash - Fortune  tech
Google Allo is the shit lmao
Pretty much 100 percent of my generation is obsessed with Instagram. Unfortunately, I left the platform (sorry... 
 DetroitPistons  GoPistons  Forum Pistons News: Pistons rookie Henry Ellenson gets NBoeing lesson from Andre Drumm.. 
Goomy Pokemon 
BOT0855]BBC LIVE NEWS AP*TALK CHAT AP*
A wild Aerodactyl has appeared! Available until 17:11:09  (14m 49s). 
My new friend: Google Allo 
Abigail Breslin 
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 17:02:33 (6m 18s). 
"There is applause in heaven every time someone believes in Jesus on earth!" ~ Luke 15:7  Pray, call, text,… 
A wild Arcanine has appeared! Despawns in: 13m 59s. 
Google:How the Reaction to Trump Could Be Good for the Climate - The New Yorker 
google needs to make one huge app so that i don't have to download like 10 little apps to keep up w my school work 🙃
A wild Dragonair has appeared! 
 Available until 10:10:53am (14m 41s). 
James Hall & Worship & Praise - God Specializes   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
"The Google Play Store Is Now Available in Chrome OS, Brings Android Apps to Your Chromebook"  tech  feedly
 __brookeelise I KNOW. I'VE BEEN MEANING TO GO. GoogleE HAS PROMISING IMAGES. 😍
A wild Kingler has appeared near: 24 Cow Bay Rd! Available until 05:10pm (13m 58s). 
LEGO Groot 
The Atlantic The Handshake Behind a Swiss Controversy The Atlantic NEWS BRIEF A Muslim…  swiss  news  Switzerland
Why Edward Snowden is saying don't use Google's Allo | Google Allo  googleallo
One more minute to get your name in!  PubPD 
Google Pixel Smartphone Won't Be Waterproof, New Leak Says 
Suspects Wanted for Stealing Tires and Rims Off Vehicles in Arlington - NBC4 Washington -==
Know well. Live for. Obey the Word of God.  And there is a natural outgrowth from that too.  Respectfully go share… 
Happy 358th anniversary of tea in the UK 
No matter what, don’t use Google’s new Allo messenger app, says Edward Snowden  news
A wild Charmander appeared near Järnåkra! It will stay around until 02:09.
My Eastern Smooth Boxfish:) 
TMZ: Brad Pitt -- Child Abuse Report Referred to FBI. FBI???
 GrowthHacking Your Brand Strategy  branding  marketing 
UPASI, China Tea Marketing sign pact: In a bid to work jointly towards sustainable development of the tea sec... 
Google Retreats on Some Allo  Privacy Promises - 
My Helfrich's Firefish:) 
Part Three of Political Stories 
Generic / Flip Wallet Diary PU Leather Case Cover With Card Slot for HUAWEI GoogleE Ne 
Google Maps 
Please tweet for the captives of  LoroParque.  FreeMorgan  Blackfish 
Lapras at Unnamed Road, [Queenstown] up til 8:10:46AM.  
[Queenstown] Lapras until 8:10:46AM at  Unnamed Road 
Central Division responding to '32 - Suspicious Person' at Main St / N St Paul St | Beat 134 | | 18:52
Seriously going to delete and remake my Pottermore account and google in advance how to get Ravenclaw
 mixnmatch7 it does look like a pumpkin plant compared to google pics, it's REALLY big so that makes sense
I'm earning  mPOINTS with  RollDaDice ! 
Poll: Clinton& 039;s lead shrinks in <b>Colorado</b> and Virginia 
 stevenjanoski me when i first met you lmao i almost had to whip out google translate 
Personally, I am looking to replace as much of Yahoo, MSN and Google as I can.  You should too.  From email to... 
 IrrationaliTV It’s weird timing because it was just referenced in a recent comic. 
Google And Unity Launch Technical Preview Of Daydream VR: Google’s Daydream VR concept is… 
 Skysscribbles that could work, I usually just google search the lyrics
Lake County students get preview of  virtualreality tours 
Taiwan Asks Google To Blur Its Military Facilities In South China Sea 
I'm earning  mPOINTS with  TootDaBaby !   app
A wild Golem has appeared in Arcadia! Available until 05:10:37pm (14m 49s).  PokemonGo  PokeArcadia 
Now you can register to vote in Snapchat  downloader  androidapps
Zombie Apocalypse Survival Plans.
Might be useful one day.
A wild Pikachu appeared!
It will be around LCI until 6:07 PM.
 Pikachu  LCI  PokemonGo  Lethbridge
Bellsprout appeared! Located at Pilling Park Road (Plumstead) until 01:07. 
Did you know you can visit the moon on Google Earth too? Read on my blog  6711SM4
[MASTERLIST]
New release
sub indo> keyabingo ep11, keyaroom ep11
🚍 Hurry! We are still serving for 30 more minutes, come find us at MAP=> 'Powered by foosye®'
Google Allo 🤔 
Don't you just love getting FUCKED in the ass by google?
The History Of Silicon Valley  Google  Facebook  Apple  Intel  internet  tech  business 
Dragonite spotted in Pleasant Grove! Runs away at 06:10:15 PM 
Dragonair has appeared until 5:02:47 PM: 
I liked a  YouTube video from  lazarbeamyt GoogleE MYSELF CHALLENGE
I put this into google translate and now my computer won't stop playing Kodak black and 21savage 
Microsoft, Google and Yahoo Agree to Block Ads in India for Sex-Selection Abortions 
Facebook Overestimated Key Video Metric For Two Years  facebook
 _bregotachoppa Google it
A wild Bulbasaur appeared! It will be near Banita Creek Park until 7:03 PM.  Bulbasaur  PokemonGo  Nacogdoches
Facebook and its Law Firm Slammed by Judge in Terrorism Suits  facebook
FAA Advisory Body Recommends Cybersecurity Measures - Wall Street Journal  CyberSecurity
Airbnb files  555M round with the SEC led by Google Capital and TCV 
Catch Up with The Blacklist! with the new NBC app for Android. Download it and watch full episodes! 
Facebook Stock in 5 Charts  facebook
Facebook and Intel built killer AIs that dominated a “Doom” video game competition  facebook
Locals calling for removal of Jamestown police chief following Facebook controversy  facebook
Anthony Weiner's cellphone records subpoenaed by federal prosecutor via 
A wild Butterfree has appeared! Available until 17:10:20  (14m 49s). 
Giselle looks up pandas on google on her free time...
5 things I wish Google Allo could do 
Practiced today using Google Hangouts with author Kathleen Baldwin. Ready for BLT on Wednesday. 
Reported a Google Allo bug in person today.  Thanks to the Assistants who took my bug report!  Now uninstalling all google apps to try again
if ur feelin sad just look up "dogs" on google images. or search "bill" and scroll till u see the Big Forehead Man. u'll know when u see him
“Indifferent to Yemen's Misery,” Senate Approves Massive Saudi Arms Deal 
Magikarp at 11054 Longford St, 91342 until 05:09:57pm (14m 20s). 
 JohnWaite is at the Iridium NYC 9/22 and 9/23! 
Senate Votes to Advance  1.15 Billion Saudi Arms Deal 
had an issue with streaming! reached with max viewers on google hang .. so we streaming on the fb group!!
Forex: J 128.01 to one US dollar 
A wild Snorlax has appeared in Arcadia! Available until 05:10:18pm (14m 48s).  PokemonGo  PokeArcadia 
Senate votes to back USD 1 billion weapons sale to Saudi Arabia 
TABLE - Pakistan forex reserves fell  197 mln in week ending Sept 16 
Nexus Samsung Google Tablet 16 gB WiFi Android Lollypop  nexus  googlenexus
A wild Pinsir has appeared! Despawns in: 15m 0s. 
"Users Can Now Search Google Drive Using Conversational Language"  doc2cloud 
 theearlcarlson  izziezahorian Ace ace. Skype or Google Hangouts or FB messenger? We need good audio quality, low latency.
Arsenal news: 'Perspective is so important,' says Arsene Wenger discussing his Arsenal critics: With thr...  AFC
A rare Seaking has appeared! Available until 05:09:37pm (14m 27s).  DowntownSanDiego 
Opinion: No peace in Kashmir  India  Pakistan
This bilateral madness  India  Pakistan
The Ramones - I Believe in Miracles 
We see Pakistan as 'a terrorist state': India replies to Nawaz's UNGA address  India  Pakistan
My Bluegreen Chromis:) 
Google translator >>> 
Dratini 75% (Dragon Breath/Twister) till 17:10:17 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
I been hating Chrome all along but this feature of being able to upload a whole folder on Google Drive is hella convenient.
Google's Pixel phones stole the wrong feature from Apple's iPhone 7 - BGR  GalaxyS6  GalaxyS6Edge  GalaxyS6EDGE+
A wild Arcanine has appeared! Available until 17:09:11 (13m 59s). 
Boi Robot Suicide & Vois J Slick: Paper Spaceships - Music on Google Play 
A wild Arcanine has appeared! Available until 17:10:06  (14m 48s). 
 chisamenoko Shirley Temple ☑lovely❤ 
[Western Water Catchment] Lickitung until 8:10:05AM at 76 Nanyang Dr 
 NelsonKamga the language is not a big deal to me since I even prefer it. And yeah looks like a beta stuff, but I trust Google for improving
Okay, I Admit I Own A Pair Of Google Socks.
Can't wait to walk in them when I'm at Google HQ Next Week! 
Someone has placed a lure on a Pokestop! Lure will expire at 20:25:06 (29m 54s).  
팟빵 for Google TV - Android Apps on Google Play   games
Now available on  GooglePlay Krad ft Lil Brudda Haitian - Not That Serious (Produced by Hitclass)  hitclasskrad
 tksinclair It's fact and easily verified. Anyone can google it, except for you apparently. Go work on that. Think b4 you tweet.
Check out 26 cool Google Features You Probably Don’t Know About 
Everything You Need to Know About Google Allo's Privacy Backlash - Fortune - 
Dratini 68% (Dragon Breath/Wrap) till 17:10:07 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students  google
BREAKING NEWS!
Rapidash has appeared Near Figueroa Plaza!
Hurry, it will vanish at 5:08 PM!
 Rapidash  Figueroa
Only Google and Facebook have the data to create the next platform, the personal… 
Tauros: A wild Tauros has appeared! Available until 18:09:50 (14m 46s). 
Check out the  google homepage to see a tribute to El Santo, who was born on September 23, 1917.  luchalibre  wrestling
Google launches Daydream VR SDK out of beta  google
Anyone interested in doing  ReleaseBlitz for 9/30/2016  SuperiorSpecies check out:  writing  comingsoon
Publishers call on government to help over Google and Facebook  media 
A wild Chansey has appeared! Available until 17:09:52  (14m 49s). 
William Clark's Las Vegas & Tonopah Railroad was incorporated in Utah, Sep 22, 1905. 
Crunch Report | Chan Zuckerberg  3 billion investment to cure disease 
Deposit now Deposit now Deposit now, the rest later Flights inc Flights inc The perfect package: A luxury twi... 
No matter what, don’t use Google’s new Allo messenger app, says Edward Snowden 
Site last updated: Thursday, September 22, 2016 
 ALIANewGrads have launched a job search helpsite! Check it out! 
SFHAC will be at the Castro Street Fair October 2! Volunteer with us: 
Allo brings Google's 'Assistant' to your phone today  technology  investorseurope 
A wild Raichu has appeared! Available until 17:09:48  (14m 49s). 
 igorbobic Pence is showing his own kind of racial bias: 
Do Not Use The New Google App “Allo” (See Details) 
Do you like cat games?  androidphone
 HawkVFX A myth used to reinforce racism and avoid tackling the underlying issues. 
Teacher -"Add me on google classroom"                                                Me -   "You mean join your cult?"
Want to win a  gafesummit ticket?  Enter now!  3 more minutes to enter!   PubPD
Together With Google Developers (at Java Champions and JUG Leaders Gathering at Google. 
Taichi Panda gets a Savage update: Snail Games have released their latest update for their mobile dungeon cra... 
Electabuzz 48% (6/7/9/Thunder Shock/Thunder) till 08:09:40 (14m 46s). 
Sandslash has appeared until 05:09:50pm , (14m 48s). It will take 5 mins to walk 0.3 mi from the library. 
. brangien just inspired me to Google "bird vomit omen," in case you were wondering what our sisterhood is like.
 Nowplaying Kim Carnes - Bette Davis Eyes at  oldies New  Android App 
A wild Dragonair has appeared! Despawns in: 13m 59s. 
verge: Google is letting Apple know about its upcoming Pixel phone event, big time 
 Halloween Fun Kit! Just  7.50. Spooky fun for the kids!  
The Truth About Winning Is That it Requires a Team  marketing 
Do not google Harlequin Baby, you will regret it
The Daily Beast:  White  Cops  PepperSpray  BlackGirl Who Fell Off Bike  PoliceState  WhiteSupremacy  PoliceViolence 
 camzapinski  FunnyPicsDepot cam stop using google translate
A wild Snorlax has appeared! Available until 17:09:42 (14m 54s). 
So watch ricky google himself 😂💗 its cringe worthyyyy in a good way 😉  RickyPDillon 
If  realDonaldTrump is calm, calm, calm, polite & direct w/ HRC in the debate, this HRC will come out!!LOL  MAGA 
How to use new Google Trips app: Organise travel offline without using mobile data or Wi-Fi 
This board contains the top cars, bikes and motorcycles pictures for the modern …: google_ad… 
Fighting Sanctions in Oracle v. Google, Orrick Bets on Haag 
Send your girl a google quote
Electronics, Cars, Fashion, Collectibles, Coupons and More | eBay: google_ad_client = "ca… 
Vaughan’s 1894  gardening illustrated: google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1837596250745322"; google… 
A wild Pinsir has appeared! Despawns in: 13m 59s. 
Warring Enugu communities urged to embrace peace - Vanguard  Nation  Google  UAE  UK  US 
A wild Alakazam has appeared! Available until 17:08:28 (13m 59s). 
 Awareness Fontana man arrested on suspicion of human trafficking minors - - Marquell Stewart, 21 of Fontana, was …
A wild Horsea has appeared! Available until 16:56:43 (2m 8s). 
Exeggutor until 8:09:23PM at 917 Barker Rd 
 Awareness Human trafficking expert in Christchurch - - Quinley, 27, works for Nvader, a New Zealand-founded anti-…
 Text Messaging Kansas Insurance Commissioner Announces Don't Text  Just Drive Campaign - Insurance Journal: ...  
[SCAN]  EXO Dear Happiness  디오  경수 
Software testing in the cloud? Meet testing as a service |  SoftwareTesting
 Awareness Human trafficking in Montana - - According to the National Human Trafficking Resource Center, Montana h…
A wild Jigglypuff appeared! It will be Near Concession Street Area until 8:05 PM.  Jigglypuff  ConcessionStreet
Apocalypse Now- Ride of the Valkyries 
 Awareness Fontana man arrested for Human Trafficking - - On September 21, 2016, Investigators assigned to the San…
 littlesiha no problem. Its good to have you in the google bops.
A wild Magmar appeared! It will be around the City Center North area until 02:07.  PokemonGo
 Awareness Four brothers say they were kidnapped and forced to work on marijuana farm in Northern California - - 1…
don't get ur tattoos from google just draw them or smth someone already has that tattoo why would you copy them?!?!??!?
 gyroscope_app is sync from google fit slow for a reason, or because I’m not premium?
Faint (Official Video) - Linkin Park 
 InkpotGames Yeah, I just saw it on TV. It's also in the front page of Google News.
Sale starts in 7 minutes! Use Promo Code 922FIVE in the Google doc promo code section to receive  5 off!!
Shocking! Magic Johnson’s Son Reportedly Underwent Skin Bleaching Procedure…And Now He’s 
Yes. A movie about Jeff Goldblum turning into a fly. That's what I mean when I google sad romantic movies. 
Google Launches Allo, A New Smart Messaging App That Lets Users Express .. Related Articles: 
A wild Nidoking has appeared! 
 Available until 10:09:23am (15m 1s). 
A2 Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students - CNET  leadupchat 
And who doesn't. Teachers are afraid to speak out. They hate it also. Teachers Unions are Teamsters. Don't know his… 
Replacing Google Search Appliance - webinar recording is up -  solr 
Prepositional phrases to practice. 
Meu Spotted Mandarin Dragonet:) 
Instacart raises guaranteed delivery payout rates, removing tipping option - 
Batman Forever • Kiss From a Rose • Seal 
 Xbox  VideoGames XBox One 1 TB Triple Game Bundle  Yahoo  Google
 Packers Campen on Bakhtiari: 'He's not a finished product. He's going to get better and better.'  SportsRoadhouse
All on the SAME Google Slides at the SAME time! Success!!! 👍
 Standuptobullying 
  MeridianCVUSD  CajonValleyUSD… 
 MrMishkaTheBear So you don't grasp the concept of a forum. See 
Anger is a Gift 
Google Allo (for Android) - PC Magazine 
A wild Mr. Mime appeared in  Heidelberg! Stays till 02:09:08 CEST, only 14m 49s left. 
 Packers Packers sign rookie DT Price  SportsRoadhouse
Google it then lol you don't have to take my word for it. 
TMZ: Brad Pitt -- Under Investigation for Child Abuse.  Very interesting!
 WisconsinBadgers Secret's out: RS freshman Hornibrook to start at QB for Badgers  SportsRoadhouse
FIT offers affordable <b>fitness</b> options: The fitness classes are offered throughout the… 
 Google And 'The Google Dance'  tech  searchengines  internet  SEO 
Pacific Plaza Park 
When you google your Instagram and get pictures of  Harvey 😅😂❤️ 
 WisconsinBadgers Badgers face questions entering Big Ten opener with Spartans  SportsRoadhouse
Lmfao some random ass dude calling me a cunt or hoe because I'll post his dick picture on google ! Hahah why you send it in the first place😂
 Packers We finally know why the Detroit Lions were unprepared for the Packers' Hail Mary  SportsRoadhouse
Inside Apple And IBM's App Making Machine: 
 AdrianPeterson  NFL 2016 Spectra ADRIAN PETERSON Jersey  ED 15/25 VIKINGS Sunday Spectacle  Google  Trends
Google Allo: Danny Sullivan Is Not Impressed - 
<b>Yoga</b> Vlog about Teacher Training with Lesley Fightmaster: This Yoga Vlog is about… 
Sir Trev at the Newham Bookshop - 
00.52 Mobile Smart Phone Location GPS on Battery 93%  ioT  Leicester
 GeekDailyNews Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
A wild Jolteon has appeared in San Marino! Available until 05:08:54pm (14m 49s).  PokeSanGabriel  PokemonGo 
Why those Halloween pop-up stores are big business, and good for ABQ's real estate too: It makes sense for pr... 
Operator harnesses chatbots, humans, and  15M to sell US goods to China  ThisJustIn  awesome
 ediscovery Litigation/E-discovery Analyst  forensics
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 20:08:47 (14m 48s). 
Scheduling jobs like a pro with JobScheduler – Google Developers 
 dorothy_eng describes an example of civic engagement in developing  civic tech  NXTCityTalks  buzzbuzz
ICYMI: Planned Gansevoort Recycling Station Stalled By State by  danielleiat  DNAinfoNY  ColeRosengren  zerowaste
Closet Door Makeovers: 3 Creative and Easy Ideas to Try 
Airbnb files  555M round with the SEC led by Google Capital and TCV - 
unblocked games at school via  unblocked games at school
Get the Latest DueyDialer  Gala3GH17  Legal  DueyDialerNews  App  RecordTheLaw  Android  JustInCase  Lawyers
Google weakens Allo chat app privacy promise  BBCTech  google  allo  privacy  infosec
Google's grand ads signal it's taking on the iPhone directly via  Verge 
【My cutie devil】　  mycutiedevil 
• Google Files Patent Application For Hand-Controlled Mobile VR Headset 
 tolmcloughlin Google looked at Mark and Mark looked at him. "Are you alright?" Mark asked.
"He's happy, my opinion is irrelevant."
A wild Tangela appeared at 1638-1898 S Chipman St! available for 9m 28s until 08:03:24pm!  Tangela
The Best Beach Volleyball Photos Of 2016 
We now have a parent teacher app. Download free for your mobile device from Google, just type in parent teacher... 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 05:08:43pm (14m 49s).  PokemonGo  PokeLongBeach 
Voxels are in vogue among indie developers - 
Pippi Longstocking  GoogleDoodle - The Swedish Cartoon Character  Google  art  internet… 
A wild Haunter has appeared! Available until 17:08:41  (14m 48s). 
 MissLouiseJane I vote blue! Also I'm a typical guy. I totally had to "google" coral. 
Dratini 40% (Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) till 17:08:43 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
Putin names close ally to head Russia's spy agency - via 
 HossReynolds Google what
The Best Place to find Mr. or Ms. Right.  yoga 
Porygon 37% (Tackle/Psybeam) till 17:08:42 (14m 50s) GO GET IT!. 
I LIKE FISH
My Royal Dottyback:) 
1st trip payment due TOMORROW!! make sure to fill out the Google form and turn in a check/money order, permission slip & copy of insurance
A wild Seadra has appeared! Available until 17:08:25 (14m 48s).  pokemongo  sanleandromarina 
Happy  Fall! Today's delightful Google Doodle celebrates the new season!  autumn  equinox  art… 
 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  Comanchero   Moon Ray  APPS Apple Google 
The Daily Beast:  DonaldTrump’s  Black Outreach Disaster. 
A wild Parasect has appeared! Despawns in: 15m 0s. 
 svtmoons google
 food   деньги  smile   google maps
Neila Rey - Google+ 
Newcastle United owe Aston Villa one - Saturday is the perfect time to deliver it  ncfc  norwich
Accident, no details 
Us101 S / Us101 S Vineyard Dr Ofr 
04:44PM 
Templeton 
For Google's sake I hope the phones are good 
WARNING: obama pushing INS to rush and swear in as many citizens as possible to influence election. Google n see FOCUS on libs  tcot  pjnet
It will be Southern Village Park until 8:03 PM.
 Squirtle  SouthernVillagePark  PokemonGo
Had the great experience to learn about and explore Google Classroom in a training tonight! Thank you  misspermenter!  CCSD  techsaavy
teachers who dont know how to use google classroom❤️❤️
Terence Crutcher: Police officer charged with first degree manslaughter in shooting death of unarmed black man. 
Magikarp at 1914 8th St, 91340 until 05:06:57pm (13m 21s). 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 05:08:17pm (14m 48s).  PokemonGo  PokeLongBeach 
Smoking leaves 30-year legacy on your DNA - via 
Houston Texans vs. New England Patriots - Thursday Night Football  patriotsnation
Watch Houston Texans Vs. New England Patriots Free Live Stream: Start Time, Preview As Pats ...  patriotsnation
Spice Up Your Life: Looking Back At The Spice Girls' Movie Legacy 
Again here's the website for William's anatomy class 
What TV channel is the New England Patriots vs. Houston Texans game on tonight?  patriotsnation
How to Watch Houston Texans-New England Patriots NFL Thursday Night Football Live Stream ...  patriotsnation
Sorry you can't perform a simple Google search
Retweeted BFRO UPDATES ( BFRO_Updates):
If anyone from Google follows BFRO please pass along our request to make... 
PFW Matchup Breakdown: Houston Texans vs. New England Patriots  patriotsnation
Tweet me your  gmail address and you can join the EXCLUSIVE Google Hangout with me!
A wild Diglett has appeared! Available until 02:08:12 (14m 49s). 
A wild Starmie appeared!
It will be Brodie Gym Duke until 8:07 PM.
 Starmie  BrodieGym  PokemonGo  UNC
The Best Things About Google For Work 
Breast cancer's spread may be influenced by circadian gene - via 
Recently, the government had a meeting with executives from ''Apple'' Inc, 
Microsoft, Samsung Electronics Co and... 
Dratini 48% (Dragon Breath/Wrap) till 17:08:17 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
I just had to google "phat farms" to show my coworker what was cool when I was 13....I feel old
Marijuana License Application Process Opens Oct. 3 
 XRIM  MONEY : MONEY : Google Glass is helping kids with autism learn about emotion … 
Feinstein and Schiff Statement on Russian Hacking - Lawfare (blog):  iSecDotNews
Meet The Woman Who Turned Mean And Creepy Sexting Messages Into An Etsy Store  etsy
I think I saw him around here somewhere....� 
Wigglytuff at 13421 Almetz St, 91342 until 05:06:01pm (12m 40s). 
Zombies, craft markets and metal musicians: Five things to do in Halifax this weekend  etsy
Andhra, Telangana floods worsen, 5 killed - Times of India: Times of India Andhra,… 
candle gifs - Google Search - 
REIGN BOY days(daze) !
Ephemeral dreams, Eternal love 
Coaches on Google+ 
Amazon Takes Aim At Etsy with 'Handmade' Marketplace  etsy
Etsy sale to pop up at Heartland Forest  etsy
The Independent: Ahmad Khan Rahami: Wife of New York bombing suspect flies back to US. 
And say goodbye to the little blue arrow. 
Is this LIGHTNING FAST lead strategy the answer to your prayers? Stop fighting Google and get 53+ leads every day 
Daft Punk's Team-Up with The Weeknd Proves That Even the Robots Are Human After All 
Dratini 51% (Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) till 17:08:06 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
verge: Google is letting Apple know about its upcoming Pixel phone event, big time Try ou…
microsoft-graph-typings 
Google it fuctard 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 
Gartner Symposium/ITxpo 2016 Mastermind Keynotes to Include Microsoft's Satya Nadella and ... 
A wild Tauros has appeared! Despawns in: 13m 59s. 
 tauseefAM1451  google awesome tc
 Tulsa officer who fatally shot Terence Crutcher chargedwith first-degree manslaughter - via 
Overview of Windows as a service 
MUST HAVE SEO TOOL create UNIQUE articles in seconds!  ContentMarketing | SEO Tool unknown blank page on google…
Automatic ARTICLE GENERATOR online  WebTraffic  adwords How to integrate Google Search Console with your WordPress…
 InspiringBibleVersesDaily 
Luke 11:1
And it came to pass, that, as he was praying ..
Intuit wants to turn TurboTax into a platform 
Dratini 68% (Dragon Breath/Wrap) till 17:08:00 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
 MargoWKelly they're on the allo app by Google.
"Should You Implement That New Google Feature?"   moz  seo  inboundmarketing
Report: Scientist the first to edit genes of healthy human embryos - via 
 Mike_Stuerzekan sorry :/
On the mobil phone I'm not use google translator :/
Google Reviewing Request to Blur Map of Disputed South China Sea Islet - Voice of…  Spratlys
Cosmetics Maker Elf Beauty Announced Pricing of IPO, Shares Soar in First Day Trading  daytrading
Google has stopped using authorship completely, even for in-depth articles  search  ppc 
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 20:07:40 (14m 48s). 
NORTHWEST-Chansey: A wild Chansey has appeared! Available until 18:06:53 (13m 57s). 
Magikarp at 1123 8th St, 91340 until 05:07:06pm (14m 2s). 
Central Division responding to '6X - Major Dist (Violence)' at 800 blk S Riverfront Blvd | Beat 136 | | 18:48
 Nowplaying Ferrante & Teicher - The Impossible Dream at Android/App  instrumentals
A wild Bulbasaur appeared near Limhamn! It will stay around until 02:07.
The Digital Evangelist Leading  Google's Storytelling Movement via  forbes 
National General Election:
Clinton 36% (+1)
Trump 35%
Google Consumer Surveys 9/14-20
Had a video for you today (Google Allo review) well I guess that isn't happening anymore... :(
Lyrics are amazing.
We are the same ❤  NiallOfficial 
I liked a  YouTube video How To Setup Google Adsense From Start To Finish - Adsense Tutorial
A wild Squirtle has appeared! Available until 10:06:49 (13m 58s). 
Has The Corporate State Taken Over? – Chris Hedges Joins Lee Camp [29]
Yellow For my kids  MadisonSMF and Carson  blessings  loveyoutothemoonandback
 Google's latest attempts to limit access to what they deem as inappropriate content is limiting uses to a highly censored subset of the web
Italy's campaign for more babies called racist, sexist - via 
Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students - CNET: Google to launch Oakl... 
A wild Grimer has appeared! Available until 17:07:39  (14m 48s). 
Currently working on a new demo with the current (better) build of the game. You can play the old one here: 
I was like "Ok if my patronus is a wild boar let's google about theM"
THIS IS THE FIRST VIDEO I'M SHOWN: 
West Chester makes 'Money' list of best places to live: WEST CHESTER TWP. – For the fourth consecutive time W... 
The Daily Beast:  Tulsa DA:  Cop ‘Overreacted’ in Shooting.  PoliceState  Murder  AmeriKKKa  WhiteSupremacy 
Say hello to google allo!
 karoIIsevilla  kathyer8888  karolsevilla Google Translation
 Tools  ContentMarketer  SEO  content Pro tip for Google Analytics automation jeffsauer  SEMrushlive 
 Tools  ContentMarketer  SEO  content Google analytics can help you to monitor when something is wrong with your website  automation jeffsa…
Google vs Apple da only beef I care to se
 cleveland IngenuityFest: where it's been and where it's going (vintage photos) 
 cleveland Former Mayor, Gov. George Voinovich honored by Ohio University 
 fremont Gov. Ricketts to invest nearly  300 million in building expressway system 
How To Make Money With My Blog: As earn money with my Blog one of the questions that always is in the foregro... 
 cleveland Use these new emojis at your favorite Cleveland gluten-free, vegan restaurants 
 fremont Police log: Juvenile charged with assault 
Nairobi is 'safe enough' to host UN office 
Student artwork featured in Making It: A group of four budding artists are coming together to showcase their ... 
The Lower Echelon: Come To The Loud - Presale on Google Play 
A wild Dragonite has appeared near: 113 Cow Bay Rd! Available until 05:06pm (13m 58s). 
Fiat Chrysler Next in Line for Contract Talks; Brampton Assembly a Major Bargaining Point: Af...  chrysler  cars
College Place city administrator finalists named 
Consultant about FBoeing on Amazon: 'Consultant about FBoeing on Amazon' job on Freelancer. Work o...  Amazon  VirtaMart
 greend00d appreciate the save here! the Chrome extension is even better: 
Fewer, but bigger, seats could be part of Beaver Stadium renovation - Topic discussed by Penn State Trustees 9/15,16 
Prostate cancer means deciding between surgery or radiation - via 
My Springer Dottyback:) 
Better Buy: Twitter, Inc. vs. Google Parent Alphabet, Inc.: On that note, Alphabet's revenue over the last fo... 
Are you telling me I'm not a Sagittarius anymore????? 🔥 I'm having an identity crisis.
Twitter gets poor marks from advertising pros, RBC says: Shares of Twitter Inc. fell late Thursday after anal... 
A.I. Doesn't Get Black Twitter: They went to a site the Pew Center has shown to have a disproportionate numbe... 
Squirtle is near Albion Way. Leaves at 01:07. You have 14m 55s! 
Getting la refuse to consider relating to google telly compulsive gambler that subconscious self not nearly ha...
Google Allo is impressively quick with sending/receiving messages of all kinds. I'm impressed.
It seems odd that there's no way to tell which of your contacts are using Google Allo.
It will be WalMart until 8:04 PM.
 Pikachu  WalMart  PokemonGo  Bellingham
ATTENTION SKA BoeingNDS OF THE WORLD: when you google "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers ska" there's only 1 result & it's terrible YOU CAN DO BETTER
It will be Southern Village Shops until 8:05 PM.
 Pikachu  SouthernVillageShops  PokemonGo
[Pasir Ris] Dragonite until 8:03:28AM at 101 Pasir Ris Coast Ind Park 6 
"Que Bonita" track off the new album.  
OUT NOW on  iTunes ,iTunes play, CDBaby ,amazon, google… 
Teen Sisters Injured in California Protests Say They Were Attacked Because They Are White - 
Would you like Kotatsu (CV: Masatomo Nakazawa) to whisper sweet nothings to you?  SituationBF 
Blastoise until 8:07:22PM at 2002 Hilltop Rd 
A wild Tauros has appeared! Despawns in: 13m 58s. 
Superbugs Are a 'Major Global Threat' - via 
Verge: Google is letting Apple know about its upcoming Pixel phone event, big time  News
 RileyReduxRedux  zarrysrearview  RileyRawlinson Real or not, I'm sure he or his scumbag parents search his name here and Google.
When u got health anxiety and u decide to google something and find out it's a symptom of what killed ur aunty...… 
How to Fix Crawl Errors in Google Search Console - Moz 
...New Single...SWARMING LIFE...now on Google Play ... Didjeridoo ... Sitar ... WahWahGuitar ...… 
7 questions to ask the doctor if you've learned you have breast cancer  breastcancer
Interview with Robert Orr of Kingwood Pressure Washing and Roof Cleaning - Kingwood: As part of our ongoing "... 
How 17 famous companies got their quirky names 
My google history is just memes. I need a life.
A wild Bulbasaur appeared! It will be near Oak Manor until 7:03 PM.  Bulbasaur  PokemonGo  Nacogdoches
IF YOU LOVE PLAYING GAMES ON YOUR PHONE D/L PANDA'S WORLD FROM THE PLAY STORE NOW TRY TO BEAT THE WHOLE GAME 
Yes, you can actually put columns in your Google Doc!    
358th Anniversary of Tea in the UK  GoogleDoodle
AR, Star Wars, and Strange Creatures: Inside the Making of HoloGrid  AugmentedReality  AR
Thalmic Labs illustrates evolution of augmented reality in healthcare  AugmentedReality  AR
 seo
Google analytics can help you to monitor when something is wrong with your website  automation jeffsauer  SEMrushlive
— SEMrush (sem…
The Work That Made Me: Suzana Apelbaum, Creative Director at Google via  vitamintalent  webbyconnect 
A wild Kabuto has appeared! Available until 19:03:11 (10m 53s). 
HoloAnatomy demonstration app based on HoloLens wins Jackson Hole Science Media Award  AugmentedReality  AR
my google/youtube account is now recommending all vaporwave-related content to me now. they truly have my identity now
A wild Aerodactyl has appeared! Available until 17:07:03  (14m 49s). 
 wseblen Google Chrome and PC .Thanks
Scientists solve singing fish mystery - via 
Show the full report. These numbers make it 4.86 per million black. 1.95 white. "The Counted" by the Guardian. Goog… 
Levi's: Project Jacquard and the mission to bring fashion and tech closer 
While I'm happy about it, check out 1st draft! Now Crumple This Paper Feel Free To Uncrumple This Paper At Any Time 
Google... Why... I am asking help... The Typing words and letter's.. That is my evidence... Why... Who i can trust… 
A wild Rhyhorn appeared!
It will be Kroger/Lowes until 8:04 PM.
 Rhyhorn  KrogerLowes  InGriffin  mygriffin
Are you a Queen's student interested in helping run one of the most exciting conferences on campus?! Apply for... 
Just Never Forget!  Here is the link for the draw - - Prize:  gafesummit Ticket!   pubpd
IMPEACH OBoeingMA; REMOVE HIM & MICHAEL FROM THE WHITE HOUSE. OBoeingMA IS  AMERICA'S FIRST DICTATOR!😞😞😞
. MaggieLitton's Google Docs inline table game is so strong.
Fighting BDS in Washington/Gangster Turned Rabbi on Talkline With Zev Brenner… 
Medical Minute: Pre-Diabetes Weigh 2 Change  diabetes 
Satellite Radar May Help Predict Human-Caused Earthquakes - via 
Diabetes educator's own diagnosis helps her help others  diabetes 
Google Consumer Surveys Launches Weekly U.S. Election Poll in Google Data Studio  google 
 madison Supplier: No listeria in product before going to Blue Bell 
 Jersey  nj Man who decapitated 2 men gets two life sentences in NJ prison 
 madison Firm tied to polygamous group denies new child labor charges 
 chattanooga Despite video, much of Oklahoma police shooting is murky 
A wild Cubone appeared!
It will be Kenan Stadium (Bell Tower Too) until 8:06 PM.
 Cubone  KenanStadium  PokemonGo
 Jersey  nj N.J. man sentenced to 2 life terms for murdering, decapitating 2 
TweetDeck. When you based on our affiliates’ services, including links on For example, as Google Analytics.
Obama will have a great fall and all the kings horses and all the kings men won't be able to put him back together. 
 madison UW-Madison sophomore crowned Miss Wisconsin 
 chattanooga Report on assault by HS teammates: Bullying widespread 
A wild Kabuto has appeared! Available until 18:57:28 (5m 20s). 
 Jersey  nj Campaign pushing to expand gambling in New Jersey suspended 
Ozment: Cybersecurity can't be centralized - 
I tried Google Allo. AI is decent, but I don't get the point of messenger apps. SMS / FB Messenger is what most everyone I know uses.  GenX
 skye_amberr lists, lists, lists.  Use your planner and back it up with a Google calendar. Make it a routine.
Proposed cybersecurity bills would 'prohibit' internet-connected ... - FedScoop 
Google 
The Best Apple-Picking Orchards in America 
Rants and Raves: The tech blog for non-nerds who just want their computing devices to get the job done. Tips and… 
If googles want to live in a society fit for googles they should move to a google country.
Instead the skypes try… 
Dratini 24% (Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) till 17:07:00 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
 Daniel_Ohana  Cernovich Yes!  Do it!  2007 best seller!  Number 1 hit when you google mindset book:  
 SethGnavo It pretty much looks like a beta software, it is every English oriented as smart reply and google assistant are only in English
Adorable Hair Styles for Little Boys 
Scientists discover a large planet orbiting two stars - via 
A wild Squirtle has appeared! Available until 18:59:26 (7m 24s). 
 gemmacorrell Uh, I tried to google this ... clue me in ... where are these stickers and how do I buy them? LOVE THEM. NEED THEM.
Snowden on Google Allo: ‘Don’t use it’ 
Happy first day of  fall! Check out when the leaves will be at their finest on this awesome map: 
You wanna learn how to use  Google  Analytics? Check this out by  michaelkohler20 via  c0nvey
Minnesota, Florida Outline Cybersecurity Plans - Government Technology 
 maurice__smith error. See here for info:  
 gHelp (2/2)
Fun in the palm of your hand from  ReflexGamingLtd ! 
 givenachancex my Latest Google image search ... 
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 17:06:57 (14m 59s). 
Liberal aides Gerald Butts, Katie Telford apologize over moving expenses »  toronto
Southbound DVP lanes closed at Bayview-Bloor »  toronto
[North Philadelphia] Flareon until 8:06:33PM at 3425 N 10th St 
First day of fall is here, but summer-like warmth likely to continue »  toronto
Modern Technology Unlocks Secrets of a Damaged Biblical Scroll - via 
Renée Fleming dazzled, Roy Thomson Hall did not: review »  toronto
A wild Dratini appeared! It will be near the Ag Pond until 6:59 PM.  Dratini  PokemonGo  Nacogdoches
US poll: Just 3 per cent of Americans dislike Canada »  toronto
 maurice__smith I’m sorry you had a bad experience. You can report wrong directions to Google, which will help Google Maps fix this (1/2)
Donald Trump said at least five false things on Wednesday »  toronto
SNOWDEN WARNING: NEW GoogleE MESSENGER SPYING ON YOU...: SNOWDEN WARNING: NEW GoogleE MESSENGER SPYING ON YOU..... 
google analytics 
5. These groups are protected under Title VII (google if you don't know what that is)
 javanmobile Basketroll 3D: Rolling Ball
Google play:
App Store:
 geofftate96 Its a few things 
New Technology On The Verge Of Manipulating Human Embryos 
Yahoo Says Information on at Least 500 Million User Accounts Was Stolen  Opines on  IT ●IT
Just in case you missed it!  Here is the link for the draw - - Prize:  gafesummit Ticket!   pubpd
A6: ❤️that it's a safe way to share photos. When I have lots of pics I upload to Google photos or  Shutterfly & link in  seesaw  seesawchat
Magmar appeared! It will be around Courtenay / Manners until 12:03 p.m..  Magmar  PokemonGo  Wellington
3 Methods to rank better in Google  blogging
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 02:06:35 (14m 49s). 
I Tried Android for the First Time  downloader  androidapps
A wild Magmar has appeared! Available until 17:06:32  (14m 48s). 
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 20:06:20 (14m 44s). 
A wild Blastoise has appeared! Available until 17:06:37 (14m 54s). 
Palos Verdes Estates - A wild Nidoking has appeared, available until 4:54 PM (3 minutes!) 
A wild Wigglytuff has appeared! Available until 17:06:24  (14m 49s). 
Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students - CNET  BelieveIdeas  MBoeing
News: Suicide Prevention: Remembering A Dear Friend - Huffington Post  TrutherBot  Bot
Everything you need to Know about April’s  Google Update 
Selena Gomez Caught In Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt Drama After Justin Bieber Cheating War  BITN
We have the world at our fingertips. It takes 2 seconds to google something, and ur ass still ignorantly talks about something w/o knowing!!
Sony Xperia C4 Release Date, News & Update: OS Boost From Google Android 6.0 Marshmallow; Sony Xperia X ... -… 
I Want You Back 
Tamron Hall: Global Citizen Festival Is 'the People's Revolution Against Extreme Poverty'  Festivals
Popular on Google: * Patriots * Pottermore * Between Two Ferns * The Magnificent Seven * Grey S Anatomy Season 13 * Storks * Gigi Hadid *…
Lot of cloth diapers and inserts  green  eco  kids
VIDEOS: United Against Trump - London Avaaz's global vote push kicked off with a bus tour around central London 
How Cybersecurity Teams Can Convince the C-Suite of Their Value - Harvard Business Review 
Meu Black and Gold Damsel:) 
 6: Nexus 7 from Google (7-Inch, 16 GB, Black) by ASUS (2013) Tablet 
First Bumble Bee May Be Added to Endangered Species List - via 
9/22/2016 23:51:26 GMT
Police: HIV-positive woman arrested for spitting on paramedic -  AmbulanceNews
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 19:04:59 (13m 29s). 
Patient dies and paramedics hurt after ambulance bursts into flames at hospital - Belfast Telegraph  AmbulanceNews
Google is letting Apple know about its upcoming Pixel phone event, big time  Geeky0001
Female paramedics, EMTs sue hospital over filthy locker room -  AmbulanceNews
OVERSTRETCHED: Paramedics hit out at 'unbearable pressure' on ... - Lancashire Evening Post  AmbulanceNews
A wild Snorlax has appeared! Available until 20:06:07 (14m 49s). 
 GreenBay  Appleton  Kewaunee Google just pumped a bunch of money into Airbnb - Business Insider 
A wild Gastly has appeared! Available until 19:04:35 (13m 13s). 
A wild Snorlax has appeared in Midtown!
Hurry, it will vanish at 6:57 PM!
 Snorlax  901PF
Google to Revoke OAuth 2.0 Tokens Upon Password Reset 
Are you like me and like to peek at tonight's  globaledchat questions in advance? Here they are! 
NIST launches self-assessment tool for cybersecurity - FedScoop 
 Tyranozilla Google translate, will get you close enough to understand.
Innovation and Waste During Fashion Week - Huffington Post
Forbes
Innovation and Waste During Fashion WeekHuffin… 
See Now, Buy Now: Burberry, Fresh From London Fashion Week, Now at Barneys - New York Times
See Now, Buy Now: Bur… 
Sandals a big part of Jamaica hotel expansion 
Gigi Hadid Fights Off a Fashion Week Nuisance - New York Times
New York Times
Gigi Hadid Fights Off a Fashion We… 
09/22 19:50 / Fairsted Dr, RA / Alarm (52C3G) / O1 / 048T / RFE16 RFL3
A wild Dratini has appeared! 
 Available until 09:56:49am (5m 37s). 
electro  Deals : 32" Class (31.5" Diag.) - LED - 720p - Google Cast - HDTV
 129.99    199… 
NIST grants to spur regional education for cybersecurity workforce - StateScoop (registration) 
My Percula Clownfish:) 
App State apologizes for incident with Miami, color guard 
i have open standards for what id lick, but i wouldn't lick  Google because i aint got time for no sock puppets  Allo
:  Nexus  Smartphone – Nexus 2016 Updates and rumored pictures, pricing and specifications… 
Most Of The Web Is Invisible To Google. Here's What It Contains
I did a google image search for "sexy wizard costume." Guess which one popped up on the first page.
 Fuhrerious1488   
Disgusting! Even Google is a lie.
 AR: Thalmic Labs illustrates evolution of augmented reality in healthcare 
And the sheet we used to track our thinking and understanding and questions: 
Apply these 7 Rules for Explosively FAST Web Sites! ~  SiteSpeed, Wordpress, Hosting
Your Biggest Cybersecurity Weakness Is Your Phone - Harvard Business Review 
 AR: AR, Star Wars, and Strange Creatures: Inside the Making of HoloGrid 
Iggy Azalea's EX-FIANCE Nick Young Is Dating A VERY CUTE Instagram Model . . . Is She A: Iggy Azalea's EX-FIANCE… 
(via Steven M. Deyo, with edits)
It may be harder than you think. No using Google or other cheats!
Every answer... 
Via Google: Giant wasp joins East Kent Rebels tour - Kent Live 
 kiera_taravideh google it
Guys go watch  RickyPDillon google himself it's so funny I laughed the whole time 😂😂😂 --> 
Teachers, advocates, and reps from  OracleAcademy,  ATT,  Microsoft,  google all talking about  weteachcs  CSforAll 
Juice=Juice LIVE MISSION 220 ～Last Code→Full Squeeze！ 
Philadelphia Eagles Quarterback Carson Wentz Is Dating His High School Sweetheart Melissa ...: We're only two games… 
Ninetales at 13800 Kinbrook St, 91342 until 05:05:46pm (14m 36s). 
Introducing Crosstown Concerts: 'We've Got To Offer More' 
Virginia Cybersecurity Startup Accelerator MACH37 Inducts Its New Class - DC Inno 
CFP out for  ycc_ascl conference April 28-29, 2017 at Koc University Law School, Istanbul  comparativelaw  
Okay - before you pack up that laptop to finish your drink, enter our draw to win 2 tix to a  gafesummit… 
 It does not fly bz the wind moves it It flies with the last breath of each soldier who died protecing it .Jai hind
Mia Farrow breaks silence on son's death - via 
Kadabra near 720-728 Monroe St Available until 20:04:52 (13m 51s).
Tweens, teens and talking: The new dating: Dating these days isn't really called dating. ... "They'll say the... 
MarketsCyber security stocks up as Yahoo reveals major breach - Financial Times 
LHC constitutes full bench to adjudicate PTI's march: LAHORE: Lahore High Court (LHC) Chief Ju...  pakistan  pti
Good news with  google and  responsive  emals.  mediaqueries 
Biggest Movers in Manufacturing Stocks Now - IPCI ARDM GLMD PTI: Proteostasis Ther Cmn (PTI): ...  pakistan  pti
 dontcopy_CAT T-Rex bike I think ? Google it .
There's now a cybersecurity organization dedicated to US sports - FedScoop 
Daily API RoundUp: WikiLeaks Hillary Clinton Email Archive, Bitport, AppMonsta, PredictHQ ...  Wikileaks  G
Blame game: PTI leaders criticise federal government: KARACHI: Leadership of Pakistan Tehreek-...  pakistan  pti
reasons I know it's fall:
[ ] calendar
[ ] general awareness of seasonal events
[ ] major news outlets
[X]Google Doodle
No, You Don’t Have to Work 24/7 to Succeed - 
 DigitalTransformation Google Shows Up Late in Crowded AI-Based Digital-Assistant Field 
Google  Allo doesn't seem that appealing 
Cybersecurity Incident? That'll be  200K Please - Bloomberg BNA 
Fernandez Fights for Memphians' Cybersecurity - Memphis Daily News 
Q: What is the BEST Chromebook for my classroom?
A: An iPad
Over 30 Google Apps & everything an iPad can do.
A wild Grimer has appeared! Available until 17:04:04 (13m 10s).  pokemongo  sanleandromarina 
Twitter User Name completed the quest Bandana for the wind! 
Come train with the best! We have a stunt clinic on Oct. 9th from 9AM to 4PM! DM for detsils! Link for register: 
ESPN Watch Clemson vs Georgia Tech Game: Clemson basketball preview. Clemson is (28-51-2) against Georgia Tec... 
Clemson gets commitment from four-star power forward Aamir Simms: Four-star Aamir Simms became the second 201... 
Put Your iPhone Photos on the Map - New York Times ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v  mobile ✈︎  tech 
4-Star SF Aamir Simms Commits To Clemson Basketball: Aamir Simms, a four-star small forward ranked No. 119 in... 
4-star PF commits to Clemson: The Top 100 player chose Clemson over his finalists Iowa State, Miami, Notre ..... 
Get  100 Free AdWords When You Purchase  100 Google AdWords 
Just RSVP For The Google Partners Connect Event... 
Come and find us on Google+ 
opensource_ Google's AI caption-creation technology, Show and Tell, is now open source  opensource 
goldwater hillary racist - Google Search
SEO WEB MARKETING News -  Google  SEO  socialmedia  branding  socialselling  mktg 
I think its funny that people mock  yahoo mail saying its old and outdated but trust technological boogeymen like google and apple
No matter what, don�t use Google�s new Allo messenger app, says Edward Snowden 
'The Magnificent Seven' misfires in remaking classic western - via 
Kabuto is near Castle Meadow. Leaves at 01:03. You have 12m 39s! 
 DrBladeRunnerMD  SizzleChest33 just got a google alert. fellow pant oiler here, ready for service
Marion Cotillard breaks silence on Pitt-Jolie divorce; announces pregnancy - via... 
Texture Compression  CppCon  richgel999 Slides from our  CppCon talk posted here: 
Google allo is way better than whatsapp
Have a look at more Life Hacks!, ! 
Flat belly diet mufa chart 
Factors for childhood obesity 
Now you can register to vote in Snapchat  Inspiration  Fun 
A wild Pinsir has appeared! Despawns in: 4m 38s. 
what is yaoi, and how do i get rid of it
A wild Haunter has appeared! Available until 17:05:31  (14m 48s). 
Lebanese Security Forces Arrest ISIL “Emir”: Lebanese army intelligence unit managed on Thursday to arrest Im... 
Turkey's role in Syria: With the Euphrates Shield Operation, Ankara managed to strike the biggest blow agains... 
Biotech ETF tops key  300 level for first time since January: Continuing a recent recove...  biotechews  biotech
Back to a no-fly zone over Syria, after so many lives: At the time, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant ... 
Working with the MIT Media lab, the search giant looks across the San Francisco Bay to solve the tech industry's d… 
ISIL counter offensive in Al-Rai area against Turkish backed forces seems to be advancing today ...: Turkish ... 
Intersil Corporation (NASDAQ:ISIL) Reported Basic Consolidated EPS Of  0.0545 For Period ...: The annual basi... 
Phrasal verbs! 
It will be at SFA Griffith Hall until 6:56 PM.
 Squirtle  SFAGriffithHall  TeamValor
 News September 23, 2016 | Why it is crucial for Rody to start talking economics: It's nearly three months si... 
 Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students     - CNET Working with the MIT Media lab, the search gi… 
The Firefighter& 39;s Lament 
Libertarian presidential candidate Gary Johnson could tank the economy 
Marion Cotillard breaks silence on Pitt-Jolie divorce; announces pregnancy - via 
Students & 39;behead& 39; Margaret Thatcher cut-out at University of Manchester welcome fair 
Anti-Coup Protests Erupt Again in Brazil 
Nicola Sturgeon slammed for slashing £500m from elderly and disabled budget 
My Bottlenose Dolphin:) 
Neglect compounding the refugee crisis 
Google  
Why More Jobs in Ethiopia Could Mean Fewer Refugees in Europe 
Alex Will Take in Syria& 39;s Refugees 
Hitmonchan at 109 North Bridge Rd, [Downtown Core] up til 8:05:22AM.  
Where Did National Forests Go? Green Spaces Disappear From Google Maps
[Downtown Core] Hitmonchan until 8:05:22AM at 109 North Bridge Rd 
Operator harnesses chatbots, humans, and  15M to sell US goods to China  ThisJustIn 
The potential of Google My Maps via /r/edtech 
Privacy Watchdog Faults Harte Hanks, Dropbox And Panasonic: Cloud storage company Dropbox, electronics giant ... 
[Queenstown] Porygon until 8:05:22AM at  Pasir Panjang Terminal Ave 1 
Women's Running Magazine Featured a Woman in a Hijab on the Cover 
Crawl y'all. Want the link to the map for the  pubcrawl we have planned for  Alumni Weekend? Of course you do!… 
I wonder if my psych teacher doesn't know that most people don't use google classroom
 RADIO  70s  juice Now Playing  I'm Every Woman  Chaka Khan  APPS Apple Google 
Twitter User Name dispelled the anomaly! Lost Time! 
These expanded  Google text ads are  amazing.  MarketingSolutions 
Gaming and gambling in Liberty's F1 growth plan 
 mrsbassenglish  jamiecorbier  megormi  I saw google had a messaging app now as well. I only briefly looked over it. It's called Google Allo
 MelissaJaneSays Bullshit  sergiez there is a  Jewish Oblast in southern Russia today aka Stalin's Zion . 
Super app for connecting to multiple Twitch chat channels, simultaneously!
How to Add Google Drive to Windows Send To menu  Google  googledrive  windows  drive  howto  cloudcomputing
Casper man gets 8 years for assaulting girlfriend, threatening to kill her with hammer - Casper Star-Tribune ... 
Our Google Maps page if you need directions. Media Support Group, 1303 82nd St  500, Lubbock, TX 79423-2388. 
A wild Mr. Mime appeared in  Heidelberg! Stays till 02:05:16 CEST, only 14m 49s left. 
A wild Arbok has appeared! Available until 19:03:57 (13m 32s). 
 9465 iRULU 7" BabyPad Y1 Google Android 8GB Learning eReader Kids' Tablet Gift Pink 
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  La Danza delle Streghe  Gabry Ponte  APPS Apple Google 
[Queenstown] Porygon until 8:04:23AM at  Prince Albert Dr 
The ceasefire unravels - The Economist ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ℅ Economist   
A wild Diglett appeared!
It will be Comm Park S Estes / Franklin until 8:05 PM.
 Diglett  CommPark  PokemonGo  UNC
 makemoney How To Make Money With My Blog: As earn money with my Blog one of the questions that always ...  cash
 makemoney West Chester makes 'Money' list of best places to live: WEST CHESTER TWP. – For the fourth c...  cash
NORTHEAST-Krabby: A wild Krabby has appeared! Available until 18:04:16 (13m 58s). 
Arcanine 84% (Fire Fang/Fire Blast) till 17:05:19 (14m 50s) GO GET IT!. 
 PoliticalAnt  google  DrJillStein  GreenPartyUS joke
Join our conference call Oct 6 & hear how advocates impacted  globalpoverty through in-district meetings! Sign up: 
Charizard found near Brisbane, QLD, Australia
(Despawns in 6m)
Map: 
Mva - Injury At N Harrison Ave & E Wallace St Shawnee 
 TeamViejosCochinos ASSEMBLE!!! Vayan a google: zoey kush
Shoot'Em All...  androidgame  fun  games September 23, 2016 at 05:20AM
A wild Gastly has appeared! Available until 17:01:56 (11m 41s).  pokemongo  sanleandromarina 
British Fashion Brand Uses HoloLens To Showcase New Collection: What Happened Martine Jarlgaard London found ... 
 WeLoveLA  LAC  Clippers '2016-17 NBoeing Preseason Power Rankings'  SportsRoadhouse
Police: Three dead in shooting at McMinn plant - The Tennessean  GN
 WeLoveLA  LAC  Clippers September 22, 2016 | Cavs stall on new Smith deal  SportsRoadhouse
Pharma hackers create a DIY EpiPen, the EpiPencil 
A wild Rhydon has appeared near: 608 Sherbrooke Ave! Available until 05:04pm (13m 59s). 
A wild Magmar has appeared! Available until 17:05:05  (14m 48s). 
 Ten9Promo Purchase the ‘Redline’ EP by  7thDaySlumber HERE: Google Play: Cop=||||||||||||||||!!!  vsrmusicgroup
 Red_Eye_Robot  Thom_Hartmann  RandiRhodes  SMShow Of course google is reliable, that's were I get all my porn from. ;)
==>  1 Google and Yahoo in 5 minutes, No Joke!
D.C. right-to-die bill supported by Brittany Maynard's husband 
Boys Are Tough, Especially On Their Clothes… 
MarTech Today: Google’s Allo, AMP URLs versus deep links on mobile search, & more 
6 Ways to Uncover What's Confusing Your Website Visitors and Dragging Conversions Down. via  MarketingProfs  Google
Why don't you play most popular sim game??  VampireDarling
Air Force flyovers planned over DC base 
 Ou_Yi_Ren Google everything mehn
Microsoft Flow gets some additional updates for September 2016  Latest_news  Dynamics_AX 
Pro tip for Google Analytics automation  jeffsauer  SEMrushlive via  semrush 
Google Just Got Rid of AdWords Converted Clicks. Now What? - (subscription) 
How to Find Opportunities on Quora for Content Marketing  contentmarketing
Nice Google Doodle celebrating 358 years of tea in the UK - although in all those years I have yet to drink a cup. 
Gogglebox Ireland review: this is a great way to watch telly 
Seadra 71% (7/14/11) Dragon Breath/Dragon Pulse) 'til 17:04:51 
Intro to Content Marketing  contentmarketing
 ahahh07 just take his picture from google
when is google fibre coming to the uk to kill bt and talktalk
Global Markets for Conformal Coatings in Electronics: The global market for conformal coating materials, equi... 
 Samsung  News Samsung Europe executive sees Note 7 across region by late November: A... 
Lamborghini Bets On India, Brings In Huracan Avio At Rs. 3.17 Crore - NDTV 
X Factor boss Simon Cowell isn't happy with One Direction 
My fishes :) 
Championship on everyone's mind as the MotoGP arrive at MotorLand Aragon 
Unlocked Moto Z finally launches in the US 
👋  With  GoogleAllo, you can make plans, find information, and express yourself more... by  google via  c0nvey
Why 64% of Fortune 500 companies trust Google with their data - Google Apps eBook  cloud  CIO
 Bitcoin ― Daily API RoundUp: WikiLeaks Hillary Clinton Email Archive, Bitport,… → via 
A little under 2 wks from unveiling its Daydream VR headset, Google launches Daydream VR dev tools out of beta… 
Americans Google marijuana more than ever - Business Insider  Frontera  Cannabis
 RobertKinnison is being trolled he is not a killer please do a Google Search of his name. September 22, 2016 at 07:50PM
Destined to be a classic:   Jeremy Camp Give You Glory on  D/L our apps from Google and Apple.
Google Is Grouping Keyword Volumes  keywords 
Google Allo…
A wild Tangela appeared!
It will be Crescent until 8:03 PM.
 Tangela  Crescent  InGriffin  mygriffin  Griffin
 orlando Orlando police hit the streets to prevent auto burglaries 
7 Google Chrome Plugins Every Designer Should Have —  NotJoshCookfair  design  chrome  productivity
I had to google my patronus
Allo: Google again moves deckchairs on its sinking Titanic in the messaging wars 
How wearables are transforming business  AR
Bands: I created this video with the YouTube Video Editor (Category. People &... 
Value of Australian agriculture tipped to hit  58.4B in 2016-17. An excellent time to increase R&D funding! 
Myanmar chefs take home culinary prizes  Chef  Foodocracy
Rochester chef to appear on Hell's Kitchen  Chef  Foodocracy
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow: 
SC: Getting word out about ovarian cancer prevention  Chef  Foodocracy
Winnipeg's Gold medal plate chefs named  Chef  Foodocracy
All fall everything in the Northern Hemisphere! 🍂 🍃 🎃 🍁 Check out today's  GoogleDoodle for the  FirstDayofFall …
Honolulu Firefighters Foundation hosts Signature Chefs Food Festival  Chef  Foodocracy
Snorlax at 10708 Lev Ave, 91345 until 05:04:26pm (14m 20s). 
Novi roundabout plans call for demolishing church: Calling their small country church in Novi their second ho... 
Forget the Google search, you can see our media coverage here!  DowntownTTown  RollTide. September 22, 2016 at 06:…
LinkedIn doubles down on education with LinkedIn Learning, updates desktop site - via 
Lickitung appeared! It will be around Courtenay / Manners until 12:00 p.m..  Lickitung  PokemonGo  Wellington
"Ready and Creative" Write a testimonial and/or review: 
Thanks a million!  testimonial 
I wake up with Timy Alarm Clock get it here: 
ebook News: Nonprofit Delivers 10 Million Accessible E-Books 
Innovative way to create lesson plan template using Google Forms 
killing our season one player at a time.
How to Use Google Analytics to Improve Your Website: Google Analytics is a free tool that advisors can use to... 
 ClintDavis_TD fact: the  Arctic provides a good place for  google and  facebook as their computers won't run hot  coldinhere  walrustalks
Cool  ukulele video: Ukulele: GRACE VANDERWAAL - CLAY (AMERICA'S GOT TALENT UKULELE ... Grace VanderWaal: 12-... 
 yesbihjapril google greys anatomy live stream  but its so hard to find one that works
Adam Levine And Behati Prinsloo Welcome Their Baby Girl Into The World. 
Wohooo happy news!
 VideoTVCast for Samsung Smart TV  samsung  smarttv  android
A wild Vulpix appeared! Leaving at 08:04:21 PM (14m 28s).  vulpix 
 EdventureTime  DestinyTheGame the destiny item manager app on google is the best check it out
 786Voice  FantasyMinds if you google it, it says it's not changing😊
Google just pumped a bunch of money into Airbnb - Business Insider 
Google Analytics 101 
Check out "Shortcuts" - 
A wild Tentacruel appeared! It will be 65 meters from Memory Grove until 6:03 PM.  PokemonGO  SLC 
You can now make money 'sharing' your Los Angeles driveway via an app  makemoney
Leo the Silent Raver tells Glasgow Live why he'll never stop dancing  UKDance  music
10 minutes left
Join now or forever hold your piece 
Taiwan Asks Google To Blur Its Military Facilities In Sou... via  SiNGLEGADGET  technology 
 joe_nuzz they say it has a feature that is not so safe..check it out 
A wild Squirtle has appeared! Available until 02:04:22 (14m 37s). 
Ottawa lawyer suspended three months for role in real estate transactions » 
First on CNN: Manchin defends daughter over EpiPen controversy - via 
Exeggutor until 8:04:31PM at 2033 River Rd 
Zephyr's Top Producer Tanya Dzhibrailova Featured Speaker at Real Estate Mastermind Summit » 
Five Habits That Real Estate Brokers Should Get Into » 
Rob Gronkowski to make season debut for Patriots
A wild Squirtle has appeared! Available until 19:01:20 (11m 44s). 
5 things to know about NY fundraising by Clinton, Trump  fundraising
Google Capital Invests in Airbnb in Latest Fundraising Round  fundraising
Bush is fundraising at the Biltmore. No, not Jeb.  fundraising
 xeni  thehill the writer has quite a record. If this is the same person, he's written about political views before: 
Student's Fundraiser Plans to Assist Those with Rare Muscular Disease  fundraising
Airbnb files  555M round with the SEC led by Google Capital and TCV - TechCrunch 
 orlando Father's bankruptcy troubles weigh on Fattmerchant startup founders 
My fav BKK Khaosoy Chiangmai location is now on Google maps. PS they also deliver 
Seriously, please please please turn on two factor authentication. Its available on your Yahoo account. And Google. And Facebook. etc...
Elite Entertainment and Parachute Concerts announce “I Love the '90s Tour” at the Providence ...: Among the g... 
A wild Squirtle appeared! It will be In Gore Park until 7:57 PM.  Squirtle  GorePark  PokeWatchHam  PokemonGo
Reconsider plans for shared footpaths: I have been hit twice by bicycles while walking and have witnessed sev... 
Google's AI caption-creation technology, Show and Tell, is now open source  opensource 
Image: Here's the truth behind the veil - Times of India 
Comcast to purchase late Ed Snider's share of Flyers' parent company - via 
Didn’t have much doubt, but this was a thoroughly enjoyable episode. A little more  DanCiruli  pre-Google history w… 
Future of Near-Zero Emissions Technology Showcased At Society of Environmental Journalists ... 
 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  On The Radio  Donna Summer  APPS Apple Google 
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 20:04:13 (14m 48s). 
A wild Slowbro appeared! It will be in the Christ Church area until 02:03.  PokemonGo
 aptly_engineerd "Google before you hot take" is the new "Check yourself before you wreck yourself"
Google Hangout allows  ManpowerGroup executives to do more virtual training and travel less, says  RooBristol  bmamke
Future Of Logistics: Five Technologies That Will Self-Orchestrate The Supply Chain 
5 Things to Know in Florida for Sept. 23: MAN CHARGED WITH RIDING MANATEES IN FLORIDA KEYS. A Florida Fish an... 
Nigeria: Address by his Excellency, Muhammadu Buhari GCFR, President of the Federal Republic ... 
 ContentMarketing 6 Podcasts All Affiliate Marketers Should Subscribe To 
Dratini available until 17:04:00 (14m 47s).
IV:40% (5/6/7)
Moves:Dragon Breath/Wrap
Over 30 levels of challenges..  androidgame  maze  ball  puzzle September 23, 2016 at 05:19AM
elf Beauty Sees Stock Soar 50% in Blockbuster IPO - via 
Google ultramodern focusing current pageload speeds: ebKisEq
 HouseMusic creatumusica:  techno  techhouse  minimaltech  caraudio  housemusic  electronicmusic...  offbedeejay
bullet casing wood ... -  woodworking  diy  handmade  crafts
 marieannedt Mine is a Russian blue cat. Type it in Google, it's literally as if Liloo was my patronus<3<3
Google knows what mood I'm in 
Despite signal issues, I just did a quick  HRTech jam session with the  HRIS class at  StPaulCollege via Google Hangout.  SHRMStudent
Squirtle is near Peel Mews. Leaves at 01:04. You have 14m 47s! 
Suspects in Illinois Sen. Harris attack accused of Georgia murder 
 Sports Direct staff will receive a very nice bonus but there’s a catch: google_ad_client =… 
How Does Illinois' Taxpayer Burden, Out-Migration Compare to Neighboring States? 
 lincolnstrong16 science classes using google classroom 
Just RSVP For The Google Partners Connect Event… 
Ceatus Media Group Announces New ASPS Website 
Illinois Supreme Court overturns law allowing 6-member juries 
Doyin Akintobi-Adeyeye: Swimmer, dancer, doctor, Syracuse basketball player 
Illinois State Police asking public, including in Morris, for help in the death of Deborah Dewey 
These recent police executions of black folks got me thinking of the story of Amadou Diallo. If you've never heard of it, Google it.
A wild Charmeleon has appeared! Available until 17:04:04  (14m 49s). 
No, Democrats Aren't Abandoning Illinois' 10th District 
Aspartame (nutrasweet) consumed with dairy may trigger grand mal brain seizures …: google_ad… 
Squirtle   Kottenseweg 96 tot 02:02:45 (13m 33s)
(IV: 37% / Aanvallen: Tackle/Water Pulse) 
microsoft-graph-typings  microsoft
Gartner Symposium/ITxpo 2016 Mastermind Keynotes to Include Microsoft's Satya Nadella and ...  microsoft
[Bridesburg] Snorlax until 8:04:04PM at 2832 Jenks St 
Facebook Overestimated Key Video Metric For Two Years - Wall Street Journal ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ✺  socialmedia 
Google Expeditions - hear reactions from my 7 year old daughter as to how cool this is!  GoogleExpeditions  edtech… 
Another Whitewash Technique card:   stampinu  whitewashtechnique 
Overview of Windows as a service  microsoft
poke:Bulbasaur IV:91% (15A/ 11D/ 15S/ Tackle/ Seed Bomb) ate 00:56:33 (7m 19s) tempo restante. 
 orlando DeBary man shot as he leaves home for work 
Google maps' voice pronounces "Pizzanista" as "PISSEDstanissa" LOL
Google Assistant: The top features you should know
Federal lawsuit filed by residents near Florida sinkhole - via 
current google search  helpme 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 17:04:04  (14m 49s). 
 sjw_nonsense  davisiain0 "becky" . Alright sure, lets just go straight to the racial slurs then ya google
 7_rocco_5 "weirdly found this" boy u google the link to this 4x a day
5 awesome users just followed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
 MEASURE: 11+ Places Where (not set) Strikes in Google Analytics w/ troubleshooting fixes.💥… 
Google Charlie Poe 
 anti_thom  PopulationWatch how can googling European people art get this? Google recently manipulated results for… 
Grocery deliveries via rolling drone will kick off in Washington, D.C. this fall 
GLOBoeingL MARKETS-Stocks climb as Fed calms investors; bond prices up - via 
Somali Piracy Essay on piracy: Piracy is the biggest problem faced today by the media industry.Check out ... ... 
Markham taekwondo fighter places fifth in first competition of season in Poland: Markham resident Bern...  lorde
Binary Options Google Finance 9984 – Signals That Simply Work 
Google Delivers Mini-Marketing Lessons In Its New Google Primer App 
Satellite technology beams expertise to remote Alaska clinic: The only clinic in one of the nation's busiest ... 
Airbnb said to raise at least  US555m in latest funding round: Technology Crossover Ventures is among the lea... 
raymon pulverisers latest technology: Pulverisers - Strickland MFG Our Strickland range is designed using the... 
"Clinton Proposes 65% Top Rate for Estate Tax..." - stealing money not hers 
If you search for "Google Gravity" and press "I'm Feeling Lucky" the page will fall apart.
 GFT  Joins Google Cloud Platform's Partner Programme to Drive Real-world Blockchain Testing. Read more:  GFT
5 signs you are ready for Google Analytics Premium. Do you have them?  googleanalytics 
Bellsprout appeared! Located around Blithmeadows/Gardens (Sprowston) until 01:01. 
Gensler creates opportunities for "chance encounters" inside Kansas business school: The facility – which hou... 
If you google Rosza one of the top results is a googlebombed image where alt-right "trolls" photoshopped a "Jude" star onto him
BU JOB FAIR: Businesses and students meet face-to-face: The businesses at the fair took advantage of the job ... 
1 user just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
Peta Credlin and Kristina Keneally to butt heads on new Sky show: “We want to explore business-to-business op... 
So  google: Guy in Australia says I was in his phone, Allo SMSs me with a Columbus OH number. I don't know guy. I think you have a bug.
 satvadesignstudio : Bubblenoma To learn more, read this link: -Spence (4) 
Business Opportunity: Africa Needs More Warehouse Space To Store E-Commerce Merchandise: Key property investo... 
Dratini 35% (12/4/0) Dragon Breath/Twister) 'til 17:03:45 
The PM's business advisory group always looked too much like a cosy club: So farewell to the prime minister's... 
 forsale  boutique  2806 Wallet Leather Case Cover with [Kickstand Feature] Card Slot for … 
Zombi Games Boxed Set - On Sale for  0.99!
Check it out this awesome deal!
Google Plus: 
 orlando Rubio, Nelson Testify on Capitol Hill About Handling of Orlando Apartment Complex 
I feel like when I google a question the correct answer should just pop up bc I don't have time to be searching for fucking answers🙄
Real Estate Rental Property SH  1 Update (September 22, 2016) via  FI_Fighter
No bull: China to resume buying American beef after 13-year absence - via 
Google Doodles - First Day of Fall 2016 (Northern Hemisphere) via  /google.com/doodles  calendar  equinox
Launching very targeted website retargeting campaigns on Facebook and Google. It's all in the set-up!  lovewhatyoudo  agency  ecommerce
Finally got around to pushing out a new version of  DCUTT -  DublinCityUni timetables for mobile.  iOSVersionShortly
 satvadesignstudio : freesafelegal To learn more, read this link: -Spence (4) 
Google just does what you tell it to do with no questions asked. It's like a best friend in your pocket. 
The less routine the more life.  TapDaCookie
 Geonerd  burstofbeaden oh I didn't even notice it was a Google doodle!! I still say it looks like his stuff!
Check out AppTrailers on the Android Market and get points towards gift card codes by watching videos! Use my... 
Staff and faculty prepare for writers festival: Thirty writers will be on campus to read their work and talk ... 
★ Insta Pro Downloader ★  Instagram  instagramdown  InstagramStories   insta 
It will be Comm Park S Estes / Franklin until 8:02 PM.
Blastoise at 207 Front St, 10038 until 8:00:03 PM.  PokemonGo 
McConnell Introduces Short-Term Spending Bill To Dodge Gov't Shutdown, Dems Push Back 
Bill Clinton Agreed with Ted Cruz On Keeping US Control of the Internet 
CBOE Said in Talks to Buy Exchange Operator Bats Global - via 
Beat my 2932m in Mini Racing Adventures! 
Rage of the Gargoyles: A new virtual reality roller coaster debuts at Six Flags 
Law enforcement investigating Weiner's alleged sexting with teen - USA TODAY  PoliceNews
Google  Allo is here! 
Does not take long when the winter comes  jkl  finland  naturephotography  kariliimatainen  winter  photo… 
 Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
: Ridgefield Playhouse Offers Songwriting and Screenwriting Classes  screenwriting
Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students     - CNET 
: Hollywood director earned an Oscar for ?retro noir? film ?L.A. Confidential?  screenwriting
Starbucks: AT&T out, Google in for high speed Wi-Fi Network  AT&amp;T  Google  Starbucks  wi-fi
My Spotted Mandarin Dragonet:) 
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow:  Pretty much 100 percent of my…  bigdatasolution
Suspect wanted in fatal rollover accident on Crosstown Expressway captured - KIII TV3 ==-
Charlotte police refuse to release fatal video; authorities ramp up law enforcement presence after…  PoliceNews
Airbnb files  555M round with the SEC led by Google Capital and TCV  ITJobPro
__ Awesome Beauty of Nature_     _______ ♡ Good Morning ♡     __Happiness my Dear Friends    … 
Everything You Need to Know About Google Allo's Privacy Backlash: Google debuted Allo, a chat app fea...  Google
 datamining Airbnb files  555M round with the SEC led by Google…  scraping  business 
ok but how cute is the Google animation for autumn 🍂🍂🍂
Chandler police looking for suspect who robbed MidFirst Bank - KNXV - ABC15 Arizona -
A wild Charmander has appeared! Despawns in: 13m 59s. 
If you are interested in AI this is fascinating 
Jimmy Webb Orchestral Piece to Premier in October: Tyzik said "It was a great pleasure to collaborate with Ji... 
Yale? Harvard? Stanford? Here's an Offering to Get You There - BW Businessworld  MBoeing  Ind…
cool new messaging app! Download now!
Let us handle your next event.   videoboard    videoreplay    instantreplay    jumbotron 
Dratini 84% (14/13/11) Dragon Breath/Wrap) 'til 17:03:15 
Fitch Expects to Rate Freddie Mac's STACR 2016-DNA4; Presale Issued - via 
Ivysaur at 13420 Lochrin Ln, 91342 until 05:01:33pm (12m 55s). 
 orlando UCF med school official fired over misconduct allegations 
_____ Magnificent Natural Beauty     __Good Morning my Dear Friends    ___________Very Happy Weekend    … 
Me gustan los iconos "Work at Play" de  google  Allo 
Google allo and these auto replies lit af
 MikeHonch0 yea for sure if it's cheap..I would google the benchmarks and see if it is worth it..I still use my 780sli
 Eminem, Skylar Grey Reunite for Bonnie and... - - 
Don't let  DonaldTrump win. His bigotry will find & hurt you next.  HillaryClinton is the intelligent choice- 
Google Analytics can now summarize your data with automated insights by  techcrunch  GoogleAnalytics  data  insight
Cannabis Shows Promise as Opioid Crisis Cure, Says Renowned Professor  cannabis 
Dewgong 57% (1/15/10) Frost Breath/Aqua Jet) 'til 17:03:25 
 google  SamsungMobileUS  ATT why am I unable to remove  Facebook from my phone? Only a  disable and unable to remove from list. :(
Central Division responding to '40/01 - Other' at 2800 blk Oak Lawn Ave | Beat 123 | | 18:45
Another story of Snow White
  snowwhite  fairytale  breeding 
Snorlax spotted in West Jordan! Runs away at 06:03:14 PM 
 arielleishere  burstofbeaden its the best google animation ever and it touches my soul
When you look up the traffic report on google maps and realize and all the "Quick Fact" data is from 2013... and then you realize the traff…
Snowden on Google Allo: ‘Don’t use it’
I won't use anything that is Google.  
Hitmonchan until 7:59:32PM at 123 Derousse Ave 
Google launches  Allo bets on AI to spice up chats 
A wild Golem has appeared in Rosemead! Available until 05:02:58pm (14m 44s).  PokeSanGabriel  PokemonGo 
Tesla Sues Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder to Sell Cars in the State - via 
External Hemorrhoids Cures -    If you are like one of the many in the world today suffering from hemorrhoids then… 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 19:00:39 (13m 19s). 
Kabuto is near Castle Meadow. Leaves at 01:01. You have 12m 43s! 
Kabuto is near Castle Meadow. Leaves at 01:00. You have 11m 48s! 
 erfon No need to thank Jony though. Why, ask google about the absence of pip in YouTube iOS app :)
[West Philadelphia] Lickitung until 8:03:06PM at 2400 Bryn Mawr Ave 
Silver a starting point for badminton queen Sindhu 
A wild Lickitung appeared near Slussen! It will stay around until 02:02.
Tech Talk: Allo Is Currently A Mere Tech Demo  Android  Google 
 kittygrimm  RoisinRadio im like chanting don't Google it but I might
♡■GOOD MORNING MY BEAUTIFUL SOULS■♡  HAPPY THURSDAY WARRIORS...♢♡♢♡ OHHHH YESSS LORD, WE ARE BORN FROM ABOVE,… 
A wild Nidoking has appeared! Available until 17:03:01  (14m 49s). 
real shit
Entitled Star Axis painted on silk, rusting technique and silk dyes  2016. Google the title words and learn about this amazing installation
Report: Verizon Looking To Buy Vessel  Android  Google 
 detroit How to watch: Detroit Tigers vs. Minnesota Twins 
 Pheromone (Buy Pheromones - How to find The best Pheromones Products!) 
According to Google today is the 358th anniversary of  tea in the UK 
A wild Gloom has appeared! Available until 17:00:11 (12m 6s).  pokemongo  sanleandromarina 
 elpaso Horse rescue needs volunteers, donations 
I never imagined I would google how to delete a song! but that's the case with  apple genius  ipod -  iTunes
 Winston  salem Winston-Salem Police Department Recruiting In New York Winston-Salem Police Recruiting in ... 
Cannabis Shows Promise as Opioid Crisis Cure, Says Renowned Professor: Cannabis researcher believes using can... 
WW Office Cannabis Grow: Week 13: However, the real marvel of WW's roof is the five Cannabis plants that live... 
 GoogleAnalytics Is Essential for  InternetMarketing  MLMSuccess  willstauff
New Delhi |  Twitter has published its transparency report for January to June 2016, and one thing's clear:… 
 detroit 2017 Lexus LC500 spotted in Detroit 
2016 New Hampshire: Austin Hill NASCAR Truck Race Preview 
 Deals  8691 iRULU 9" Quad Core 8GB Tablet Google Play GMS Android 4.4 KitKat Pad w/ Keybo… 
Google Creates a Deck of Cards 
Marketing Producer Coordinator 
 elpaso Marquee takes aim at YISD Superintendent controversy 
 Winston  salem 5 games to watch in Week 6 
How does your church rate?  Facebook and Google Reviews 
 detroit Detroit Police Station Reopened After Grenade Dropped Off 
 elpaso Former Cowboy returns for charity golf 
October 2016 Marketing and Holiday Planning 
 Winston  salem Ed Hardin: Another tense evening might await Charlotte 
Elgin man sentenced to prison for 8th DUI 
 chandler Texas ranked  10 state for women murdered by men 
 detroit Detroit police station evacuated after grenade drop-off 
Mullaghcurry Races 
 Winston  salem Pedestrian killed Wednesday night in Winston-Salem identified 
 chesapeake Chesapeake Energy Corp. (CHK) Insider Trades: Director Archie W Dunham Bought 1000000 ... 
 chandler How a special ops medic tends to science experiments in space 
Saanich dentists offer free clinic 
Dixie State football: Trailblazers travel to Central Washington for non-conference tilt  -  Dixie
 omaha Bellevue man diagnosed with ALS flies high with Omaha Soaring Club 
 detroit Jobs training center opens in Detroit's North End 
Veterans thankful for free dental care at State House clinic 
Campus Rundown: Good week for DSU volleyball, soccer  -  Dixie
 omaha Sanctuaries across US prepare for influx of lab chimpanzees 
 OneShoeWarning  JCAinfo  redbrasco  Armoush59  eddie1971nyc Shove Google and your zio script up your ass
We're on a mission to help you feel calm when you think about money. 
please send help i cant trust google translate
This app is crazy awesome... 
Go into  GoogleAssist and end up chatting with the ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE aspect... 
IAM Network BUZZ: microsoftComesOfAge 
 KirkSemple  nytimes Does Ecuador border Brazil? 
 " to Brazil, through Ecuador, a bordering country" 
Really? Not on Google maps.
Google Allo,the new “smart”chat app launched on Wednesday,is ‘dangerous’ and should be avoided, according to whistleblower Edward Snowden.
General Mills only wants an ad agency staffed with 50% women and 20% people of color - 
Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA X Survey 
Well. ...uhmmm Google it loool😁 
Weekly Jobless Claims Fall, Raising Odds of Fed Rate Increase - via 
/reyna is it bad that all i do is search lingerie barbara  on google 😭
A wild Grimer appeared near Limhamn! It will stay around until 02:02.
 Red_Ranger_Wien Oh I just had to google it 
Google Assistant On Allo Is A Hilarious Genius: Check Out Some Of Her Gems
When you can't compete, you sue. AT&T sues Nashville over Google Fiber-backed ordinance. 
Plan for weaker  US as Fed holds, says Morgan Stanley: "We suggest that the US dollar will extend its decline... 
Swing Dance with WVU Swing Dance (Free) September 22, 2016 at 08:00PM Creative Arts Center, United States 
"Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students     - CNET" 
The WWII snoops who took on the Russians: The team that bravely decoding secret Soviet messages: Eventually G... 
Times flown  NiallOfficial 😃😃
Syria announces new offensive, diplomats fail to renew truce - Reuters: ReutersSyria announces new offensive,... 
My 24 Hour Income 
THE COLORFUL STORY OF COMICS 
 RADIO  70s  juice Now Playing  Ring My Bell  Anita Ward  APPS Apple Google 
Pew: Fewer see 2016 election coverage as fair - via 
Why would anyone use Yahoo when we have  the great security  of Google
A wild Poliwrath has appeared! Available until 19:00:18 (12m 33s) in New Eastside. 
New iCal feed available for you Brigade/Unit Calendar Events.  Individual Members have been able to subscribe to… 
Had to google this one. No wonder I couldn't find the last core in Nuka Galaxy. These two jackasses were blocking i… 
Weepinbell appeared at Dataran Merdeka area until 7:56 AM.
 Weepinbell  DataranMerdeka  MYPokeWatch  KLSentral
Charmander appeared at Dataran Merdeka area until 7:55 AM.
 Charmander  DataranMerdeka  MYPokeWatch  KLSentral
Google  Allo is a lot of fun...... If you can get your friends to use it
Blizzard hit with DDoS attack disrupting play for gamers | ZDNet - ZDNet  G
Project Fi K.2.7.20 by Google Inc.  APK  Android  Install 
First trial of Google Allo, testing the chatting capabilities of Allo's Google Assistant. We had a few... 
Our next show starts at the top of the hour! Don't forget to tune in!  Renegaderevolution  Followarenegade 
ALL THESE SUMBITCHES CITING MANDELA CUZ THEYRE SALTY ABOUT  CharlotteUprising NEED TO RUN A DAMN GoogleE SEARCH AND… 
GOP should embrace Trump's maternity leave and child care proposals: Recent proposals on maternity leave and ... 
 project1enigma  dominickevans what is baby trans? Google won't tell me.
Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students     - CNET  Tech
 grants  funds MacArthur Foundation Grants Awards to Three Bay Area Arts 'Geniuses' 
Eevee appeared! Located around Tesco Extra (Blue Boar, Sprowston) until 00:59. 
 grants  funds Grants help students afford unpaid summer internships 
MONEY: Google Glass is helping kids with autism learn about emotion 
Name: Grimer
Expires: 00:56:33
Address: 39 Upper Tulse Hill, Brixton
before u think my tweet is about u google it and tell me what song it's from
Doodle 4 Google is a very cool idea. 
 1973_Movement  Vickie627  hmrstrm45  Soldier1eaODGrn  Steven_Swenson hurry Google quickly
 nevzatpolanyi  GOOD IDEA! Cause these are the search results in Google  when you type "Turkey"
HAHAHA 😂😂😂😂😂🐤🐤🐔🐔🐣🐣… 
Here's What Janet Yellen Has Wrong About the Job Market - via 
Tesla plans to unveil solar roof with battery pack next month: The system appears to be the first product bor... 
 ChinnyVision  chinnyhill10 It's the second link! 
Massive solar power plant to produce energy by December: Workers at Florida Power and Light's Manatee Solar E... 
Spotlight: Making the Most of Mobile Leads: With the abundance of leads coming from lead-generation portals, ... 
Civil War II: X-Men  4 review: Storm and her team of X-Men have sided with Captain Marvel and the predictive ... 
Viral Snapchat photo causing controversy: ... for their classmate's expulsion after what they consider an 'of... 
Obama says Syria war 'haunts' him: Washington (CNN) Syria's prolonged and bloody civil war "haunts" President... 
Association of Professional Genealogists Recognizes Members and Chapters for C... 
Starting Strength: You'll Become Mentally Tougher: Just as endurance training ultimately ... have separate po... 
She brought together celebrities and famous brands, and she was able to unite all the Italian wine coope...  GnG
Magnemite appeared! Located around Falcon Road W and E (Sprowston) until 00:59. 
Cisco-Salesforce Alliance Takes Aim at Rivals: Cisco Systems' (CSCO) alliance with cloud CRM software leader ... 
Harvard endowment investment return drops 2 percent in 2016 - via 
Best Google Alert about  ClevelandClinic so far: plans to expand to London ( ericmansfield I'm loving this assignment)
IISc edges closer to top 200 in Times World University Rankings - Business Standard 
Hitmonchan at Unnamed Road, [Queenstown] up til 8:02:13AM.  
 google emo naket young porno australian teen having anal sex 
[Queenstown] Hitmonchan until 8:02:13AM at  Unnamed Road 
How to Google Inbox?
How successful are your Virtual board meetings? We tried Google Hangouts but it's not fun!
Except male cops *have* gone to jail for killing unarmed Black men, which anyone whose been paying attention knows.… 
Pidgey 97% (15/14/15/Tackle/Air Cutter) till 02:01:57 (14m 38s) 
Hi guys! Can you take this short survey for my APS class? Thanks in advance! It's anonymous don't worry!  
Scyther is near Watton Road. Leaves at 00:57. You have 10m 0s! 
So Houston media folks, if you were a Dow Jones News Fund intern, please fill out this brief survey: 
[West Philadelphia] Machamp until 8:02:06PM at 6144 Callowhill St 
It will be Trinity Point until 7:57 PM.
 Ponyta  TrinityPoint  PokemonGo  WashPA
Spark warns customers after 500m Yahoo accounts have information stolen in hack: The data may include email a... 
Maersk Oil Seen Surviving Split to Become Independent Producer - via 
Whatever you do, do not use Google Allo: Snowden | SOTN: Alternative News & Commentary 
Students Return to Union Co. High School after Lockdown -  PoliceNews
Waldoboro police seek man who escaped capture through hole in floor - Press Herald --=
 NowPlaying Set The Roof (Radio Edit) by Rae Sremmurd f. Lil Jon  DL Rudeboy Radio 808 App on Itunes or Google Play 
It will be Taylor St. until 7:56 PM.
 Bulbasaur  TaylorSt  PokemonGo  Bellingham
He was taken too soon!  dicksoutforharambe 
 notsam  SRShowSXM
Sweet dreams aren't the only thing Yukito (CV. Yuusuke Shirai) induces. Care to find out?  SituationBF 
Obama: Syria 'haunts me constantly' 
Dallas police seek man last seen in east Oak Cliff who may act confused - Dallas Morning News --=
West Monroe High School put on a cautionary lockdown after car accident -  PoliceNews
Hillary Clinton Proposes 65% Top Rate for Estate Tax 
WhatsApp VS Allo
Advance 08 (23/09/16)
 amigosconderecho921 
 ahorasubielvolumen
Weiner investigated for sexting minor 
Police searching for suspects in store robbery - Las Vegas Sun ---
[Southern Islands] Venusaur until 8:01:58AM at 8 Siloso Beach Walk 
Google tagged a website as unsafe? Now you get more details on the problem  InfoSec via  sorinmustaca
Disney pulls costume on racism roar 
Now we can add Yahoo with .5B accounts there. Waiting for Google, Microsoft, etc. They will eventually happen.
Airbnb files  555M round with the SEC led by Google Capital and TCV - via 
 CyberSecurity - Google Allo was developed to store messages forever. Obviously, there are huge privacy concerns. 
The Earth's oldest civilization is... 
I am trying to google stuff I sort of remember from geology and physics in high school and whoa, I am dumb now
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow - 
Might be my first dance song  Love Of My Life (An Ode To Hip Hop) (Longer Album Version) (feat. Common) by Common - 
Web Traffic generator, REAL traffic to your website!  tools  WebHosting Google’s Allo app…
SEO ARTICLE GENERATOR  blogger  LinkBuilding The Google Play Store Is Now Available in…
 IAmAnisah think I'm gonna have to google this you know to make sure I weren't dreaming 😂😂😂
Motor Vehicle Incident - E055, A035 - Cullen Blvd - Sunbeam St - 18:34 - 
*okay Google...save to pocket and remind me to read in six weeks* 
A wild Pikachu has appeared! Available until 02:01:52 (14m 49s). 
Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Google Are Fighting a War for the Classroom | edutechnica 
Asset Managers Expect to Be Using Blockchain in Five Years 
Police: Man bites paramedic, punches employee: BOISE - A Boise man was booked into the Ada County Jail after ... 
Police body cam captures water rescue of man near Mississippi: From right, Officers Craig Brown, Molly Trupe ... 
Los Angeles - A wild Aerodactyl has appeared, available until 5:00 PM (13 minutes!) 
 disimic In honor of World Rhino Day:  
this has Grady written all over it!
Business Day|Wells Fargo Tests Justice Department's Get-Tough Approach - via 
Snorlax spotted in Taylorsville! Runs away at 06:01:46 PM 
This is very interesting and really lays out the issues with  realDonaldTrump  Bannon &  KellyannePolls  
First on CNN: US attorney investigating Weiner sexting allegations - via 
 Concept  Shows Why  Google  Must  Build  Apps for  Windows 10 and Windows  Phone 
Oops I better go ask Google😁
My Orchid Dottyback:) 
 Desbishop55 Vinson is black, as was Scott." Now that's just FoxNews on Google so maybe they are wrong.  Here is my point know what ur
A Candidate to Lead Viacom: Leslie Moonves of CBS - via 
358th Anniversary of  Tea in the  UK  GoogleDoodle  google  Doodle ☕ 
I'm now an E-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
 PokeAlarmMoss - A wild Blastoise has appeared! Adr : 24 Herfordts gate, Moss - Available until 02:01:35 (14m 48s). 
A wild Growlithe has appeared! Available until 05:01:33pm.  UBC 
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 20:01:29 (14m 49s). 
Backlinks differently seo: initiation thine blog towards the power with regard to google: SrK 
Alabama woman 'turned away from jobs since she doesn't speak Spanish' via 
Google’s big bet on computers that can teach themselves is about to face its most significant examination 
 nickpierno Hey Nick - thanks for the suggestion, I've let the team know you'd like to link with Google Analytics :) -MD
Twitter User Name received the fourth component of the Great Talisman of Magic... 
 bobpoekert I was not smart enough to understand that. If I google all those terms will I figure it out?
So I got Allo, but I get the feeling it'll just be Google+ all over again: an in-house fix by Google for a problem that doesn't exist.
A wild Abra appeared!
It will be Southern Village Shops until 7:59 PM.
 Abra  SouthernVillageShops  PokemonGo  UNC
Ford Researchers Being Embedded At University Of Michigan For Autonomous Driving Research, 1st Ever Such ... - Cle… 
Quiero que la gente use google allo, idk why
 santaana Blinking Owl Distillery Opens Saturday! 
 santaana Last Week's Mission Viejo Area Car Chase Suspect Wanted 
A wild Gloom has appeared! Available until 17:01:32  (14m 49s). 
6 Questions for the hospital board -  
Twitter User Name is looking for these items please give them to me!.  Spring,... 
Got an Android phone? Give the  ReflexGamingLtd app a try! 
MacArthur Foundation Grants Awards to Three Bay Area Arts 'Geniuses' 
I Remember Earlier In The Day I Had To Google lb To kg Because I Was Putting My Weight In The Health App And My Phone Region Is Ireland.
Golduck near 233 Atwater Dr Available until 20:00:23 (13m 49s).
Grants help students afford unpaid summer internships 
BrainiacFunded Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
 Tasha_MFC according to google, it's called a Salp. They tend to wash up on beaches.
Learn Googles Best Kept Secret 
New blog post: Add Optimizely with Google Tag Manager 
G3s did my Pokemon Google Drive challenge today. They loved it! Want more Thnx  alicekeeler  gafesummit  gafeedu
A wild Kabutops has appeared! Available until 17:01:26  (14m 49s). 
I don't recommend Youpic for your photos. Here is why : 
 JuneFaber You may want to try this 
 ☾
 tweetsauce  imteddybless Mine is rotational hyperboloid. Like the antena/hotel on top of Jested mointain in Czech Republic. Google it :)
Government funding talks stall ahead of next week's shutdown deadline - via 
3 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
 TechFempires - Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
Introducing the largest travel metasearch engine in the world: Google 
Now trending Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
358th Anniversary of Tea in the UK  Google  Doodle 
9/22/2016 23:46:19 GMT
 PeanutButterGmr if you go to it shows a 404 so i dont think its happening now
Pretty cool for anyone who's a fan of this game
Kotaku: Some Cool Stories About The Making Of Super Mario 64. 
Memoir News: Bruce Springsteen memoir 'Born to Run': 10 things we learned 
One time, a bunch of us dreamt up a STEM-themed EdCamp. And now it's a reality! ... registe… 
 Google app beta adds 'in apps' homescreen button for quicker searches of your phone's content - Greenbot
Get The Teacher's Guide to  GoogleClassroom eBook by  ShakeUpLearning!  gafe... 
Pence: Enough Talk About Institutional Bias in Police - via 
Sick and Tired of Liars, Thieves and Cheats?  realestateinvesting  homebusiness
23andMeâ€™s Anne Wojcicki has a plan to include better genetic data from people of color 
Tritemare Thanks for the follow! Follow me here ►►►
Beck releases vinyl versions of discography  vinyl  news  vinylnews
[North Philadelphia] Exeggutor until 8:01:01PM at 3474 Collins St 
Your Site and Google Analytics - What is Google Analytics, and why should you use it on your business... 
 Yemen: High Level Meeting on the Humanitarian Situation in  Yemen, 21 September 2016 
Dratini 42% (Dragon Breath/Wrap) till 17:00:28 (14m 10s) GO GET IT!. 
Web Marketing: Ceatus Media Group Announces New ASPS Website 
A wild Kabuto appeared! It will be around the City Center North area until 01:54.  PokemonGo
it's some hateful ass people in this country, this is unforgivable
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow -  Pretty much 100 percent of my generation is obsesse... 
Daniel Ricciardo: It's awkward on the podium with Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton 
Outdoor marijuana growing operations decreasing in Arkansas - ARKANSAS (KATV) — The state is seeing a significa... 
When you google your symptoms of your cold and it tells you you've got 2 weeks left to live 
 SocialMedia  Tech via  TechCrunch Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
 Yemen: The Invisible Majority: Helping Internally Displaced Persons 
A wild Ekans appeared at 624-748 W Stewart St! available for 14m 42s until 08:00:47pm!  Ekans
Google maps > iPhone maps
For sma proj: Christian Louboutin Nude So Kate's Size 40 - christian louboutin nude So Kate's size 40 in Clothi... 
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow by  JohnMannes by  TechCrunch via  c0nvey
 techcrunch  social Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
Javaaaaah! Old City Coffee is Hiring Coffee seller and Barista! 
Google News: Is Russia Preparing for War? - The National Interest Online (blog) 
2-Year-Old Caught on Video Crying as She Tries to Wake Up Overdosed Mom at Store - via 
Setting up AdWords website call conversion tracking just got a bit easier. 
Squirtle is near Oak Street. Leaves at 00:58. You have 12m 22s! 
It will be WalMart until 7:58 PM.
 Tangela  WalMart  PokemonGo  Bellingham
All fall everything in the Northern Hemisphere! 🍂 🍃 🎃 🍁 Check out today's  GoogleDoodle for the  FirstDayofFall… 
Public utilities gird up to battle cyberthreats to grid - "It's just another challenge," said Rodney Blevins, c... 
Financial Planning: Helping You See the Big Picture  
'We ran out of kennels': 71 dogs rescued from Alberta reserve  YegisAwesome  yeg  yegnews
 Influencer Panel • Sept 23rd 11:00 •  ReeperbahnFestival  Google  adidas  Vice  MajesticCasual  WeLoveHH  metrobass 
【自動】
this account shows 50 Japanese hiragana characters. 
don't give me "isn't it faster if you just google it" 
ENJOY 
 hiragana
ICYMI:  Google buys voice-command  startup Api.ai to help build natural-language interfaces via  GeekWire  NLP
Everything you need to know about Google Daydream 
 google Ditching ‘ Google For Work’ Branding
A wild Snorlax has appeared! Available until 17:00:46  (14m 47s). 
 barstoolWSD  emrata The question pops up on Google after about five keystrokes, so it's a legit theory.
A wild Magnemite appeared! It will be around the City Center North area until 01:56.  PokemonGo
 news  business  StartUps  Entrepreneur Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
 Technology  Startup  Founder News | Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
A wild Butterfree has appeared! Available until 17:00:43  (14m 49s). 
you're worthless. You're have no interests or desires that I should respect. Fuck you, whore. Take this  bbc
Oregon's newest creative football uniforms make the players look like actual ducks 
Wapakoneta boutique to celebrate grand opening with discounts, prizes: Pam Marsh, owner of Pamela Rose Boutiq... 
Oil rises to two-week high on hope for Saudi, Iran accord: West Texas Intermediate for November delivery adva... 
Exeggcute: A wild Exeggcute has appeared! Available until 17:59:47 (13m 57s). 
 ribnar Google search of the term shows some nice concepts!
Atta Thanks for the follow! Also follow/like and 
ADT Presents Life Saver Award Grant To Sheriff 
Women News FLO ALL Women delegation - exploring new opportunitues in NZ 
Squirtle is near Pottergate. Leaves at 01:00. You have 14m 36s! 
 KingLeoHawk  NGRPresident  MBuhari  GeoffreyOnyeama  UNEP  UN  AsoRock  estherclimate just google "COP 21" is explicitly detailed and spelt
 ofctimallen just bought Home Improvement Season 1 on Google Play. Time for some memories!
A wild Exeggcute has appeared! Available until 02:00:43 (14m 48s). 
Charlotte Police Chief Says Video of Keith Lamont Scott Shooting Does Not 'Definitively' Show Police Version Events 
Turds  ATT sues city over Google Fiber-backed ordinance via  nashvillebiz
 jennaclarek I just learned a new term.  Thanks!  (With some thanks to Google as well. 🙂)
US Homeland Security launches IoT willy-waving campaign - The US Department of Homeland Security has announced ... 
Cisco, Salesforce Partner on Cloud, IoT, Collaboration - The alliance with Salesforce is another example of Cis... 
Meet new people, chat, find your soulmate, flirt! ♥  chat  webcam  snapchat  videochat  ch… 
Virginia Officers Won't Face Federal Charges in Stun Gun Use - via 
google really came in clutch for some of yall 
Web 20 Acquires LCT Press's Bulk SEO Press Release Service: SEO, or search engine optimization, plays a key r... 
(small business) 450 sq. Ft 
Catching sight of the tea-themed Google Doodle before bed and wondering fleetingly, yet mistakenly, if it's the Queen's birthday again 👌🏾
Kabat, commission look to inclusive economic development projects 
 GlamSquadLadies [Audio] B-Strong - Shit on You: New Single Written & Produced by B-Strong Available Google P... 
Congratulations To Bolivarian Socialism - Venezuela's Babies Now Sleep In Cardboard Boxes - Forbes  Sleep  AI
A wild Exeggcute appeared! It will be near the Glendale Heights area until 6:59 PM. 
A wild Charmeleon has appeared! Available until 17:00:31  (14m 48s). 
Favorite feature in Google Assistant in Allo? That it can send you a daily poem. 
Sleep is key to curing chronic pain - Science Daily  Sleep  AI
 Google  Breast cancer's spread may be influenced by circadian gene - Reuters 
Capture Submitted Form Values with Google Tag Manager 
 social  tech Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
Exeggutor 46% (3/6/12/Zen Headbutt/Solar Beam) till 08:00:29 (14m 46s). 
Clinton Tax Plan Grows By  550 Billion in Policy Group's Report - via 
A wild Rapidash has appeared! Available until 16:51:16 (5m 33s). 
Today's Google Doodle is great. It's my favorite in recent memory. Sneaky rock.
Seadra 33% (12/0/3) Water Gun/Blizzard) 'til 17:00:28 
Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students - CNET Working with the MIT Media lab, the search giant... 
¿Excitante? 
The Great Escape - Seeing Is Forgetting  NowPlaying  6music
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 05:00:28pm (14m 48s).  PokemonGo  PokeLongBeach 
Hey!  liviajoy hosts "Nouns" Thursday nights from 7-8 and wants you to give her things to talk about!!! 
 Steeldrum high-quality lidded copper / stainless steel pans + sauce-boat  steelpan  music
Top Things Marketers Need To Know About SEO In 2017: The SEO marketing channel has experienced several change... 
HONORS: Don't forget to read and annotate chapter 3! Try to finish your Google art project!
 Steeldrum 205 lt steel drums had oil in them price per one  steelpan  music
Two baseball players reminded us that the national anthem can be fun, too  downloader  androidapps
Low-Cost Press Release Service Launched by Top 10 SEO in Sydney: Top 10 SEO in Sydney a leading Search Engine... 
A wild Pikachu has appeared! Despawns in: 13m 59s. 
My Whale Shark:) 
Freelancing as a Career: Moreover, the most attractive freelancing job is Search Engine Optimization (SEO). I... 
 OurHistory National black history museum a hot ticket for Bay Area: A look at the Smithsonian Institution's ... 
!!! google play is finally loading on my phone, omg
The best thing you can do to protect your online accounts from hackers  downloader  androidapps
 aIxnsx si buscas en google "All stars online"? 🤔🤔🤔
↕ IMMINENTLY: Las Vegas, NV - The Bunkhouse Saloon - Sun Foot, Sam Coomes 
(1)
Sign Up For  ArtByChey Alerts And Be Entered In A Chance To Win A  50 Amazon Gift Card This Christmas 
 Li
A wild Chansey has appeared in Alhambra! Available until 05:00:27pm (14m 49s). 
Google maps walking time is like super off a 30 min google walk takes like 15 min real minutes
 KyleWRowley  tltiger26  realDonaldTrump google total air time. trump farts and media gives him free air time he got  250 million more in au
First Facebook counts a view as 3 secs. or more. Then it doesn't count anything under 3 seconds when doing the avg 😳
Highly effective lesson on how to use Google Apps for Education to Create  DigitalPortfolios from Avra Robinson 
You can't hangout with your friends enemies and call yourself their friend. Wtf is so hard to understand about that? Google it 😂😂😂
Very interesting read:
Play Online Head Ball and join the league ► 
CCWC  12!! General Counsels for Google, Amazon, Aflac  ccwc2016Vegas 
CHECK OUT ARTIST OF THE WEEK  DAYDABoeingSS 🤗  
 PoliticsOnTap
Tories select barrister for Cameron's Witney seat
Two baseball players reminded us that the national anthem can be fun, too  Inspiration  Fun 
ANXIETY IN S'EAST: IPOB, MASSOB declare 'war' on…  Africa  music  howto  Google  UAE  UK  US 
A wild Eevee has appeared! Available until 16:51:06 (5m 34s). 
I'll just google the nearest Haitian restaurant bih.. I'm not even no "bake flounder " 
I'm playing My Singing Monsters. Check it out! 
 dbrown360, you are too funny! I gave up normalacy. It was lasted 1 1/2 hours. Maybe I can become amazing instead!
The best thing you can do to protect your online accounts from hackers  Inspiration  Fun 
Rate me yo see what i give u
"We get the majority of our customers through Google search" from  statsbotco  bots  custdev
The goal of big data: Making the unusual usual  BigData
Massachusetts court: Black man fleeing police does not signify guilt - via 
Future Of Logistics: Five Technologies That Will Self-Orchestrate The Supply Chain  BigData
My Thresher Shark:) 
A wild Nidoking has appeared! Available until 17:00:12  (14m 49s). 
The potential of Google My Maps | Adam Hill 
ATTN ALL UP & COMING ARTISTS:
Follow This Link If You're Interested In FREE MUSIC PROMO 🎶🎤🎧 
 LiamWeKno
Is David Ortiz Juicing on his Farewell Tour? 
He told you his name...not so you google him, find his Facebook and message him  womenscareme
Asus Nexus 7 Google 32GB Factory Unlocked GSM 3G + Wi-Fi Android Tablet PC  nexus  googlenexus
--Where is your next convention? Check the Airship Ambassador  Steampunk Convention World Map 
Golduck 84% (15/13/10/Confusion/Hydro Pump) till 07:55:10 (9m 48s). 
Virginia Cybersecurity Startup Accelerator MACH37 Inducts Its New Class - 
Android apps arrive on first Chromebooks - 
Vintage For Women Marketplace version android free 
Geodude appeared! Located Around Quebec Road (Plumstead) until 00:57. 
Red Hat, Google Engineers Work on a Way for Kubernetes to Run Containers Without Docker  google
Part 1: JHS Career & Technical Education Department offers pathway for audio/visual technology ... 
 1 deadliest mistake 99% of marketers make that ensures you NEVER Rank on Google! Find out here -  coachkadt
 Google Assistant cool!  Allo 😀😀😀 [pic] — 
An 'interview' with  Google new  digitalassistant 
Fire at Vandenberg Air Force Base 70% contained; Elysian Park blaze extinguished - via 
 Facemoji Keyboard - Look at my awesome keyboard with cool themes and funny emojis! %s 
G+: What the Yahoo data breach means for you    Yahoo      
A wild Kingler appeared! It will be near the Glendale Heights area until 6:56 PM. 
 WeLoveLA  UCLA College Football Week 4 Betting Lines: Michigan State, LSU, Stanford Odds Favorites  SportsRoadhouse
Now! Startup Pitch Day -- 
 WeLoveLA  UCLA It's time for UCLA Bruins' Josh Rosen to pass a big test  SportsRoadhouse
 WeLoveLA  Lakers 21 Days to Go: Only 10 Cups Away from Owning LA  SportsRoadhouse
 UCLA College Football Week 4 Betting Lines: Michigan State, LSU, Stanford Odds Favorites  SportsRoadhouse
6 Podcasts All Affiliate Marketers Should Subscribe To  marketing
West Haven football emerging as one of state’s best teams – SportzEdge 
I could have sworn it was loony TOONS. Not loony TUNES! Everyone else agrees with me on google!  TheMandelaEffect 
The bogus wording of the solar amendment in Flurdah 
Dratini 40% (6/12/0) Dragon Breath/Twister) 'til 16:59:55 
Tonight!  URBoeingNOMIXSUPPLY - Hip Hop Night 🙏
 dcmbrofficial 
 djswanzy 
 OfficialTrulee 
 Donzelly_ 
tix:… 
HOROSCOPE MAHJONG
Download from Google Play:
 MReynolds407 Maybe some training tips from the UK Police. 
 POOetryman  co_rapunzel4  Paul197  TammaraMaiden1
 EURUSD ― Dollar - Not out of the Woods Yet via → 
If Google were to buy Hotmail they could combine the two and form Gotmail. 
Play now "Bat Vision", a  freegame to Android & iOS  indiegame… 
Machop has appeared! At 1200 10th Ave. Disappearing in 10m 26s. 
Blastoise at 6 Siloso Beach Walk, [Southern Islands] up til 7:59:58AM.  
[Southern Islands] Blastoise until 7:59:58AM at 6 Siloso Beach Walk 
 Lakers  GoLakers 21 Days to Go: Only 10 Cups Away from Owning LA  SportsRoadhouse
I'm earning  mPOINTS with  SplatDaBat !  app
DFW-bound American Airlines  lands in Lubbock after unruly passenger bangs on cockpit  - via 
CFTC charges All City Investments which showed fraudulent 2675% growth in FX trading 
 99_goonsquad you got this fron google
 ThrowBackThursday to our  SummerAcads16 students touring the  sacbee_news building! Check it out here:… 
[DOPE NEWZ] [Dope Report]We All Need The  Robert_Glasper Experiment's… [THEdopeACADEMY
Google Glass is helping kids with autism learn about emotion 
 UCLA It's time for UCLA Bruins' Josh Rosen to pass a big test  SportsRoadhouse
Analyse your site just like  Google with these 10 SEO tools!  SEO  marketing
New Azure AD Admin Experience  Software  News
Chicago schools - The Economist ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ℅ Economist   
Woohoo!! Tech Giants Team Up to Fix Typography’s Biggest Problem  typography  design
[Sungei Kadut] Lickitung until 7:59:53AM at  Woodlands Ave 3 
When you walk round on Google maps trying to find an office and they ask if you found the place ok 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
Flying Robots With Radiation Detectors Could Detect Toxic Leaks Safely 
Great plan! Well done  google  Micromax_Mobile 
Google to demote sites that obscure content with pop-over messages - 
It may not be ok to use it!!  I’ll just copy a picture from Google! 
Why Omnova Solutions, Jabil Circuit, and the iPath S&P 500 VIX Short-Term Futures ETN Slumped ...: Thursday w... 
9 tools to help you succeed with Google SERP features -  JordanKasteler  SEO 
The Easiest Summer Glow Ever? St Tropez In-Shower Self Tanner Review - 
Social Security Administration Rolls Back Cell Phone Security Codes 
Submit  OpenQuestions for  HillaryClinton &  realDonaldTrump to answer  debates! h/t  OpenDebate Click here: 
Bitcoin Regulations Force Poloniex to Suspend Operations in New Hampshire:  
New Lawsuit Filed Against Bitcoin Wallet Xapo Founder:  
Two Dutch Brothers Facing Charges for Bitcoin Mining with Stolen Power:  
DIB Funding Inc. Has Created The First Cryptocurrency, "DIBCOIN", To Be Used By Sunshine ...:  
First priority in Syria is aid: Iran 
 AlphaDigits Basketroll 3D: Rolling Ball
Iran: No-fly zone in Syria only benefits terrorists 
Not a senior but want to be involved in Homecoming?  You can become the Duke or Duchess of your class! Apply here - 
win a Google Pixel C hybrid tablet from 
Iranian Leader Lashes Out at Saudi Arabia in UN Speech 
When you have all the answers what do you need google for. Ramen  tytlive
Yes, that was Kate Hudson and Kurt Russell you saw in Biloxi - The Sun Herald: The Sun HeraldYes, that was Ka... 
A wild Wigglytuff has appeared! Available until 09:58:51 (13m 59s). 
today  ATT sued nashville so that google fiber can't be installed in the city
if you have AT&T service, leave them now please.
I just had to google what the third state in the tri-state area was hi I'm an adult
How to Use Your Fitness Tracker For Weight Loss: Even though previous research has reported that wearable tec... 
Twitter User Name completed the quest An old oak! 
A wild Tauros appeared!
It will be N Hill until 7:56 PM.
 Tauros  NHill  PokemonGo  Bellingham
 victorbme *shrug* I brought up to my buddy at Google, so it may be changed.
<Simpang>  Exeggutor : Ends At : 7:59 AM 
my latest gif I've made (using chibi templates I found on google) 
CheckPointSW: DressCode Android Malware Discovered on Google Play  CheckPointMobile 
Think Google Fiber's fast? Nokia to show off tech that's 1,000 times faster via  ZDNet &  LiamT
Google demo day for women calls for applications 
This Google Maps update makes it easier for Android users to find the way
A wild Poliwag has appeared! Despawns in: 13m 58s. 
 erin_x02  Roadie1998 her insults just make it so much funnier like babe Google needs to help you get a grip your not 10 anymore
Twitter User Name gathered the collection Amusement park! 
[Northeast Philadelphia] Snorlax until 7:59:29PM at 5137 Whitaker Ave 
 Yair_Rosenberg speaking as a Mormon, there really isn't anything here that wasn't already common knowledge and accessible through Google.
 Socold2  tomgunner14 look on the thread you idiot. Both pictures are from google.
Spoil me with cash.
💕 Google Wallet to sayaxsong gmail.com
💕 Venmo to saya-song 
A wild Tauros appeared! It will be Near Ancaster until 7:59 PM.  Tauros  Ancaster  PokeWatchHam  PokemonGo
rawr reply testing text 
European finance giant Rothschild arrives in Chicago: While the transferring banker will be a key connection ... 
Google Allo messenger's Indian stickers, including  Adarsh_Balak 
Monday Church Interview: This video is about Monday Church Interview - Art Lindsley. 
A wild Wigglytuff appeared near Västra Hamnen! It will stay around until 01:59.
Airbnb’s latest funding round values it at  30 billion, is led by Google Capital  via  WSJ
The rocks on the main page today are literally the best thing ever  google
We are opening up the EXCLUSIVE one-on-one Google Hangout with Rob Stewart to YOU! 
The first 7 people to... 
A wild Exeggcute appeared!
It will be Trinity Point until 7:56 PM.
 Exeggcute  TrinityPoint  PokemonGo  WashPA
 3lectraHeart That's not bad for Google Translate. Still 60% wrong.
I have to google some of them cases lol
 Nowplaying James Last - Il Mondo at Android/App  instrumentals
10/10 would go and hike it again 
 TomKhruisehchev Google always has the answer. Or wikipedia.
Fun with Google Doodles: 358th Anniversary of Tea in the UK  googledoodle 
 DeplorableTammy  Geraldanthro Fits your scenario.   Back at you google sources saying the opposite.  What actual source are you using?
Questions for tonight's  SPPSliteracy chat starting in 15 minutes!  Join us!  
I put my name in the Google search bar and I'm here for this 
Google Allo is now live at the Play Store! 😆
Betrayal of Hype: Playing Fast and Loose with Release Dates Breeds Consumer Mistrust: Yesterday, Google launc... 
Consider international audiences too. Most ppl Google Translate. Hint: those won't translate well 
Former Top Aide to Andrew Cuomo and Eight Others Charged in Bribery Scheme - via 
Gigi Hadid Rocks Short Hair on Moschino… Gigi Hadid Rocks Short Hair on Moschino Runway — Love or Loathe It? - Hol… 
america looking like no church in the wild if you don't know what I'm talking about google is your friend.
 ARCplay Simple Plan - Singing In The Rain (April 2016) 
Twitter User Name is looking for these items please give them to me!.  British... 
Channel 4's £75m Great British Bake Off buy has to be TV's worst ever deal | Daily Mail Online 
GUATEMALA: Guatemala denounces corruption at UN while scandal brews ...: UNITED NATIONS, Sept 22 (Reuters) - ... 
[9to5Google]Google Duo will be preloaded on upcoming Micromax 4G LTE phones in India 
CrunchMatch is coming to Disrupt London to match investors with startups  ThisJustIn  awesome
Russia beats Finland, eliminates North America from World Cup: 4 takeaways: In a game they had to w...  football
Chansey 55% (Pound/Psychic) till 16:59:16 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
. kennymartiatu22  google  Allo is shit
What would a Google driverless car do? 
 RunThemDown
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow  tech  business  money 
'Magnifcent Seven' and 'Storks' Look to Turn Around Box Office Fortunes: One obvious question is the fact thi... 
Cook County staffer who posed as judge defends actions - via 
Don't forget the giveaway for Whatta Man album is ending soon ! 
Tech Giants Team Up to Fix Typography’s Biggest Problem via  WIRED | ping  Steph_Philbrick  
 Travel | Google expands travel offerings with new app - Business Insider 
A wild Pikachu appeared near Ellstorp! It will stay around until 01:58.
Access Publishing Hosting Seminars For Local Businesses On Media Exposure and Internet ... 
Taiwan asks Google to blur images from disputed island 
Mastering the Art of the Scene via  Inoreader
Web 20 Acquires LCT Press's Bulk SEO Press Release Service 
 SocialMedia  Marketing Pro tip for Google Analytics automation jeffsauer  SEMrushlive 
The fun I've been having this morning. 
Mildly entertaining. At least he admitted it in the end 
Always remember, g… 
 SocialMedia  Marketing Google analytics can help you to monitor when something is wrong with your website  automation jeffsauer  SEMrushli…
[9to5Google]Google Duo will be preloaded on upcoming Micromax 4G LTE phones in India: 
Google Duo...... 
Dear friend! The best shot game for you, Play with me!  Death Shooter : contract killer , 
Cops Pepper-Spray Girl Who Fell Off Bike - via 
 digitalmaketing
Make every  conversion count: cross-device data now included [ PPC  AdWords  Google] …
A wild Slowbro has appeared! Available until 04:58:58pm (14m 49s).  PokemonGo  PokeLongBeach 
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  Little Scare  Benjamin Diamond  APPS Apple Google 
Where Did National Forests Go? Green Spaces Disappear From Google Maps 
Twitter User Name gathered the collection Parade of Princesses! 
Tesla Motors pulling a fast one, say drivers 
Have spent 2 hours writing a google docs for a freshman on how to play pokemon competiviely. the things I do for others man
A wild Arcanine has appeared! Available until 16:58:48  (14m 48s). 
The Latest: Chicago mayor seeks community help in speech - via 
Google Duo...  Technologx
Old Dominion improves facility 
 Bubblenoma To learn more, read this link: -Spence (4)
 LG Korean LG Group strongly interested in more Greek investments: South Korean LG Group is strongly interest... 
What's a Google?
09/22 19:42 / 1404 Grace Point Rd, MV / Overdose (23B9) / T16 / 045D / EMS52 DIST9
 AlltopTwitter Google buys Timeful smart scheduling app, will add tech to Inbox and Calendar  elaineossipov  twitter
Using revision history in Google Documents.  edtech  educhat  nqt  newteacher 
 Bubblenoma Hi there, Google doesn’t allow ads related to abortion to display in certain countries. (1)
Be ready for the new AdWords text ad format being forced on us... Create Effective Text Ads: Google Best Practices 
Amazon and Google are admitting that Microsoft may be right about one thing (AMZN, GOOG 
Southwest Division responding to '20 - Robbery' at Angelina Dr / Hammerly Dr | Beat 421 | | 18:40
A wild Marowak appeared near Skeppsbron! It will stay around until 01:58.
 santanicoz ok i will. i'll just google the kisa heavy episodes and skip through the rest lmao
Disneyland brings back Southern California annual passes at a higher price 
 jamesmurphypdx Google ☺ 
Troll tried for 30 mins to get me to debate him about marginalized folks in Hollywood. 
I said Google the hashtag. 
He deleted his tweets.
Margot Robbie to Host 'Saturday Night Live' Season Premiere - via 
09/22 19:42 / 1404 Grace Point Rd, MV / Overdose (FOD) / T16 / 045D / MFR2
The Latest: Rouhani says not important who wins US election - via 
Are extra terrestrials monitoring our civilization? We think so. Find out with UFO-CQ ParanormalCommunication
Google Pixel Smartphone Won't Be Waterproof, New Leak Says - Forbes Read More 
A wild Poliwrath has appeared in San Gabriel! Available until 04:43:56pm (0m 12s).  PokeSanGabriel  PokemonGo 
[Queenstown] Vaporeon until 7:58:39AM at  Ulu Pandan Park Connector 
 My_fly_girl  mclexy_ maybe we can just google how to get her a date????
Hey mean girl with nothing to do. Download Hillary's app & tell us what you think .Yo hatef… 
Objective achieved: Become president
 lifesimgame
A wild Hitmonlee has appeared! Available until 18:53:30 (9m 42s) in North Austin. 
Tesla becomes most trusted auto brand in Canada, ranks 11 in all industries 
Tfw can't even wipe your ass without Google being involved 
Tesla plans to unveil solar roof with battery pack next month 
Can't wait to Watch  InVisionApp's new documentary tonight!  DESIGNDISRUPTORS featuring  twitter,  google,  airbnb  
Ringleader of the Oxford University Cecil Rhodes statue campaign accused of racism after ...: The ringleader ... 
Truuuuuueeeee. Go to to order  KnitHappens 
PKR has one less MP; Selangor snap polls idea shelved 
Available tomorrow on ITunes AND Google Play! Also? Whatever It takes launched on LIMITED TIME ONLY!!!
Google Duo and Allo removed from my devices.
Pro tip for Google Analytics automation  jeffsauer  SEMrushlive 
FOREIGN AID FARCE: Islanders set to SUE Britain over botched £285m airport project 
 Grumpyfck ok i will try to search for it on mt. google and report back
NEW Single coming to iTunes and  Google Play! The powerful “I Can’t Change My Life” feat.… 
Private messaging is not so private after all. 😂
 Socold2  tomgunner14 that picture is from Google you simple fuck
A wild Snorlax has appeared! Despawns in: 11m 9s. 
 RollsRoyceNews : From celeb land to the other Rolls: Luckily, Rolls-Royce is a familiar name to Stephen Dain... 
 RollsRoyceNews : Rolls-Royce Dawn Review: Charisma Comes Standard: But this Rolls-Royce Dawn—a car moved aro... 
 RollsRoyceNews : Rolls-Royce's Next CFO Chosen for His INTENSITY Rather Than Industry Experience: The accoun... 
 henderson Dan Henderson says he was ready 'to be done' before Michael Bisping rematch came along 
How To Rank Your Blog on Google Complete Seo Course In Urdu   Part 1 
 henderson Illinois holding back checks to Henderson County to collect FEMA debt 
 hialeah St. Lucie County felony arrests: Sept. 22, 2016 
 henderson Jim Henderson's Black & Gold Breakdown: Saints are 3-point favorites against Falcons in Dome 
 glendale Wallet stolen at Glendale post office used to purchase laptop, police say 
 hialeah Chipotle to open at Bowie Marketplace Friday 
 henderson Henderson County's FEMA debt could have greater impact 
 glendale Wayne Homes Announces New Signature Collection Floorplan 
[SCAN]  EXO Dear Happiness  수호  준면 
The Right Track Into Tokyo-Narita's Terminal 3  lowcost  flights
 henderson Coastal Carolina RB Henderson looks to extend NCAA TD record 
 glendale Glendale council gives OK to senior development 
Chatting with Google: The many ways Assistant replaces or augments OK Google, Google Now, and Now on Tap  
See how Elections in Search 2016 is trending on Google right now. 
Thank you for google hanging out with us today in class Frank Beddor you definitely helped us understand you and the book more  frankbeddor
Yoo Hoo..!! Ini dia Google Doodle baru 358th Anniversary of Tea in the UK 
Sup im here to take ur candy and steal ur bitch. 😂😂😂  nosleepteam yay for no sleep and google lol 
android google app engine Powerpoint Presentations -   powerpoint  slide  android  google  app  engine
 WilliamSmith  micropolitans You Google everything.
DressCode Android Malware Discovered on Google Play  CheckPointMobile 
Lululemon CEO explains why his stock can't be measured by traditional metrics  money  stock  news  trading
Oxford Tops Ranking of Best Universities in the World - via 
 snowbunnys love us. We beat it up like no white man can. We leave you limping and leaking seed.
Amazon's Stock Just Hit a Major Milestone  money  stock  news  trading
Renewable Energy Stock Fills Breakaway Gap  money  stock  news  trading
Charmeleon at 11501 Sepulveda Blvd, 91345 until 04:57:35pm (14m 0s). 
Signed Two Loan Agreements for Euro 300 Million  money  stock  news  trading
Traffic hazard 
04:38PM 
Retweeted Edward Snowden ( Snowden):
What is  Allo? A Google app that records every message you ever send and... 
What have I done? I found this on google 
Facebook activates safety check in Charlotte - CNET ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ✺  socialmedia 
How Facebook Is Revamping Its Fight to End Online Hate Speech - Fortune ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ✺  socialmedia 
If this US astronaut can vote from space, you can too: NASA astronaut Kate Rubins will end up voting for pres... 
Raising Funds - Pipeline or Pipe Dream - Finextra (blog)  Dream  AI
 AltRightInfo  sigruna14 Of course. But it's much harder to get that info than typing a query into google that scrapes Twitter profiles.
 blacktangled  martin_kingsley *types furiously in monsterhearts google doc, sends to  Plasmapants*
KPMG appoints Sarah Willows as new CFO and head of operations 
 Fuhrerious1488  PopulationWatch Try "european art" or "european portraits"
Problem is you google like a negro.
India has become a hub of evangelism.  AntiHinduMediaExposed ? 
google translate. why must you get in my way now
CrunchMatch is coming to Disrupt London to match investors with startups  ThisJustIn 
Windows 10 Maps will show the traffic on your route home  blogger  ad  ios
 RADIO  TOP40 Now Playing  Final Song  M0  APPS Apple Google 
 KimKardashian  Petrafcollins 🌞🔊HeyDonaldDuck!  realDonaldTrump 👽🔊AreUReal?! 👽🔊YourTheLuckyGuyWhoGetsToKillAllBlacks
Forbes Reveals 2016's Highest-Paid TV Actors and You'll Never Guess Who Tops the List  blogger  ad  ios
YouTube Is Getting a Live Videogame Talk Show  blogger  ad  ios
TV Ratings Wednesday: 'Empire' opens on top; 'Designated Survivor,' 'Lethal Weapon ...  blogger  ad  ios
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow via  techcrunch
Snorlax has appeared until 4:46:27 PM: 
RedCoach brings affordable first-class luxury travel to Florida  luxurytravel  travelgeniereg  whatrugoing2wish4
 bukworm1906 but I have pre-ordered this movie already on Google Play
In a Switch for Paris Show, Automakers Turn From Diesel  blogger  ad  ios
Palestinians' Abbas seeks British apology for 1917 Jewish homeland declaration - via 
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 18:53:33 (10m 26s). 
((((Google))) "European people art", see what you get.
 ramzpaul 
 whitegenocide  antiwhite  identitaire 
Michigan Gov Signs Medical Marijuana Bills  MedicalDagga
 Shad0whunt3r721  Bayoghetta and Google is going to "monitor" them
A wild Horsea has appeared! Available until 16:53:03 (9m 53s). 
Cannabis Shows Promise as Opioid Crisis Cure, Says Renowned Professor  MedicalDagga
Make Money With Google & Clickbank 
Medical marijuana supporters file complaints against SafeMontana  MedicalDagga
 JessNotworthy  BillPeriman  Google Franklin Graham- My Hope- most moving thing I've seen in along time👍😢😄GB 
As Viacom Charts Path Forward, Wall Street Antsy About A Reunion With CBS 
Google analytics can help you to monitor when something is wrong with your website  automation  jeffsauer  SEMrushlive
 Card Codes
paypal steam roblox minecraft google play xbox live codes!!
Visit Now
they are almost gone!!
Grey S Anatomy Season 13 is trending on Google. Read the latest here: 
Snorlax until 7:51:06PM at 111 Walnut St 
Now Google wants to be your tour guide, but is that a good thing?  SM4702  
1577m around SPACE COAST RGNL is now a permanent no fly zone 
2414m around EXECUTIVE is now a permanent auth required zone 
The Demogorgan <b>Tarot</b> Card Exclusive: The Demogorgan Tarot Card Exclusive - Mens - T… 
The Demogorgan <b>Tarot</b> Card Exclusive - Tanktop: Planned ship date for this design… 
A wild Tentacool has appeared! Available until 16:56:37 (13m 37s). 
White  Leftists (Bill Ayers) have Indoctrinated minority "Urban" students for decades w/ anti-White  SJCurriculum .
 Fangs4Fantasy Right. Lol. Your Google-fu is superior to mine!
Android 7.0 Nougat 
Policy Exchange releases report on decarbonizing UK domestic heat: The REA stated, “biomass heating is often the… 
New Yorkers After the Bombing: Resilient or Fatigued? - via 
The Best Tweets About Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie's Breakup - Billboard ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ✅  tends ⚡ 
For those wanting to listen to tonight's game, download the Country 101 app through iTunes or Google Play. Swap to Kool 107 once downloaded.
Study shows fitness trackers might not help users lose weight: It seems that wearable fitness devices like Ga... 
Google’s Pixel phones stole the wrong feature from Apple’s iPhone 7 
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 19:57:30 (14m 49s). 
Trump on Charlotte riots: We need a national anti-crime agenda - 
Setting Realistic Goals: A Lifelong Challenge That Will Change Your Life 
Trump on Charlotte riots: We need a national anti-crime agenda 
The Dell Screwjob: A Tragedy of Incompetence Series: 
 boycottdell  FirstDayofFall  GoggleboxIRL  google
 alexuzgonzalez  Mind2Confused  A_girllucky13 I use google translate smh
 Nowplaying Supertramp - Goodbye Stranger at  oldies New  Android App 
What You Need to Know About Google Maps’ Promoted Pins  googleadwords  DWMGsocial 
 HollyAnswers People should stop using google as their search engine and use startpage
'Lethal Weapon' Premiere: What Works, What Needs Work - via 
First, columns in Docs; now alternate row colors in Sheets?  google is giving us  EarlyXmasGifts  allredTech 
jean michel basquiat self portrait - Google Search 
 PWAPN | RESIGNATIONS: Clatskanie <b>Public works</b> director, finance director resign… 
 PWAPN | Free Hazardous Waste Collection Days Oct. 1 and 2: The Santa Barbara County Public… 
 PWAPN | County has turnover in key personnel: Pete Bieniek, former chief of the solid waste… 
CENTRAL-Krabby: A wild Krabby has appeared! Available until 17:56:29 (13m 51s). 
 PWAPN | <b>Public works</b> “fell down” on Gunn/Plessis: director: Director of public works… 
Dear Microsoft stop copying google  windows  android
That I may cause those that love me to inherit substance; and I will fill their treasures. 
Proverbs 8:21. 
A wild Electabuzz has appeared! Available until 16:57:26  (14m 49s). 
Outdated google chrome is a bitch
U.S. companies welcome to invest in Iran, says Rouhani 
[South Philadelphia] Hitmonlee until 7:57:28PM at 79 Admiral Peary Way 
Google Allo: If you want your messages to be secure, don't use it, says Edward Snowden via  ZDNet &  LiamT
A wild Flareon has appeared in San Marino! Available until 04:57:21pm (14m 49s).  PokeSanGabriel  PokemonGo 
 atax1a google tells me urophagia is consumption and urolagnia is getting off on the sight or thought of pee
Country Music Star Makes Light Fixtures In His Free Time: couple of years ago, country music star Eric Paslay... 
Nidorino is near Wherry Road. Leaves at 00:56. You have 13m 56s! 
Our Opinion: Affiliate yourself with political 'party' of your own making, but be sure to register  HalloweenParty
Iran president: Nuclear deal example of conflict resolution 
September 22, 2016 - New Cannabis Strain Finder Mobile App Cannacopia Aims High 
Google  TIMYGoGetHer
US go ahead on Iran planes lifts trade, banking 'taboo' 
New charge for man accused of killing woman after party  HalloweenParty
Tech Giants Team Up to Fix Typography’s Biggest Problem 
Google launches Daydream VR SDK out of beta via [ZDNet]
 Google Doodle of the Day: 358th Anniversary of Tea in the UK 
Farm-to-School: The CREST Farm, Education Alternatives in Wilsonville 
Can  google make an AdBlock feature to censor out any  Brangelina content?
Donald Trump Ohio County Chair Resigns After Saying There Was No Racism Before Obama - via 
Hard work keeps family grain farm afloat 
 Silvsilchan Just google the phrase "Google rapes white woman" ....LOL
Shove Over. I Want Back on the Grid.: The three words that terrify me most are “off the grid,” so it's a testament… 
Destiny Guide: How to Raise Your Light Level Fast & Easy 
3 webcams, EVERY utility pole streaming to public access sites 24/7.  BigBrother
 HillaryClinton  blacklivesmatter  google  charlotteriots
IPhone 6s 64gig gold sprint: IPhone 6s 64gig gold sprint in San Ramon, CA. ... IPhone 6s 64gig gold sprint. S... 
Snowden on Google Allo: 'Don't use it' 
Chansey 44% (4/5/11/Pound/Hyper Beam) till 16:57:15 (14m 48s). 
 GoogleDoodle 358th Anniversary of Tea in the UK 
Hackers leak purported Michelle Obama passport, claim to have breached WH aide account - via 
New post on Google Plus!  I know, nobody uses G+, but it's a nice little place to host a game design page.  Enjoy!
Taiwan Asks Google to Blur Photos of Suspected South China Sea Military Base  south_china_sea
Drive for google drive by Smul Lab 
to assign us readings where we don't have to google a new word every other page in order to follow along
FIBoeing | Headscarf ban lifted in Turkish basketball 
Clefairy appeared! Located Around Quebec Road (Plumstead) until 00:56. 
NBC Renews 'Better Late Than Never' for Sec 
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow  Mobile  Technology
Periodic table of Google Analytics!! jeffsauer  SEMrushlive 
— SEMrush (semrush) September 22, 2016
Thousands Powwow In Busse Woods Near Elk Grove  NativeAmerican
My Powder Blue Tang:) 
 Letsnurture Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow 
Koffing at 13361 Desmond St, 91331 until 04:55:09pm (12m 53s). 
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow  ArtificialIntelligence  Developer 
 freesafelegal To learn more, read this link: -Spence (4)
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow  Tech  LetsNurture 
A wild Hitmonchan has appeared! Despawns in: 13m 59s. 
Google VR SDK out of beta just in time for Oct 4 event.. Related Articles: 
Yes, yes, yes.
Google Allo now available on android in Nigeria.
I installed it Friday September 23 at 00:15.
FIBoeing | Chevakata look to raise the bar with Radocaj 
 LeiffOlsen I'm not your dear & anyone with access to google can find out you're spruiking bullshit  sodiumin  AsraNomani
My Red Clownfish:) 
I can read my emails inside Google Allo set reminders & alarms there is loads to do in this app 
Trading Paypal Funds for Dwolla/Skrill/Bitcoin/Venmo/Square/Google Wallet  100 paypal for  95 in those
 YesICandice  restrass Here is a handy website to check for future use. 
Where Did National Forests Go? Green Spaces Disappear From Google Maps - NPR 
A wild Lapras appeared near Bunkeflostrand! It will stay around until 01:55.
Google launches its Daydream VR development tools out of beta - TechCrunch 
Steven M. High-End Beauty & Fashion Retoucher 
A wild Dragonite has appeared! Available until 16:57:05  (14m 59s). 
New post: Everything You Need to Know About Google Allo's Privacy Backlash 
Philips Lighting: RE100 "sends a clear signal to the market that renewable energy is wanted"  energy
Google caffeine - la unwinking broadening advanced the signs pertinent to seo: VBKwceVB 
I had to google that cat breed lol
It's nothing like a wolf or a dragon but I've got to admit it's kind of fitting.
Hillary Clinton hikes her proposal for higher estate tax 
Hillary Clinton's problem? We just don't trust women 
In the antebellum U.S. South--a white slaver just traded an enslaved person's friend. 
This is why Hillary Clinton isn't '50 points ahead' — or even 10 points ahead 
Smaller Appliances and a New Layout Open Up an 80-Square-Foot Kitchen (8 photos) 
The Story Behind Clinton's 'Between Two Ferns' 
Why Hillary Clinton hasn't been able to leave Donald Trump in the Dust 
 Zach_Man87 I checked the google 😏 
How Yahoo's massive data breach stacks up with the worst of all time: Even so, users frequently use similar p... 
Charlotte police chief: Shooting video won't be made public - via 
A wild Kingler has appeared! Available until 16:56:54  (14m 49s). 
9/22/2016 7:38 PM: TRAFFIC ACCIDENT NO INJURY at 3031 WASHINGTON RD 
Charter Schools Aren’t All Scams. They’re Just Not a Good Enough Solution.  
How to Protect Yourself After the Yahoo Attack - via 
Allo’s Tryout: 5 Days With Google’s Annoying Office Intern 
 Au10310243Carla lol okay. tell me tomorrow and i'll google it
 educatorjedi not a problem. You might try to share it as a google file if u have time but don't have to
A wild Gloom appeared! It will be Near Ancaster until 7:47 PM.  Gloom  Ancaster  PokeWatchHam  PokemonGo
Only doing this for the moneh
The Blind Shake - Apostle Island  NowPlaying  6music
Really hoping google nails it with pixel's launch! I think I'm finally ready to abandon the iPhone.
Google "Patronus"
Resume indifference.
That awkward moment when someone points out Google knows all. 
We're all fucked now.
 gorramit
 Google open sources image captioning model in  TensorFlow  artificialintelligence  developer  science  tc  software
SEO Marketing Intern: Elation is looking for an SEO Intern to join the Marketing team. This person will be be... 
A wild Lapras 68% appeared (Frost Breath/Blizzard) til 01:55:33 (13m 42s). 
googles horror anime          google: parasyte
How To Watch Patriots Vs. Texans 'Thursday Night Football' Twitter Live Stream: Those watching the g...  AppleTV
A wild Eevee has appeared! Available until 16:48:27 (6m 38s). 
A wild Eevee has appeared! Available until 16:51:29 (9m 41s). 
Hip Hop dance Teacher: I am looking for someone to teach two hip hop classes at my studio on Mondays. A high ... 
Tulsa officer charged with manslaughter in shooting of African-American man - via 
Hydroponics News: Rogue Creamery premiers organic Rogue River Blue: Rogue Creamery held its first release of ... 
Energy policies swirling into political maelstrom locally, nationally: The terms of net metering contracts, n... 
 DougBenson After an extensive 30 second Google search, I found it.  chameleonusa
Lessons on affecting change in higher education: Here, Fusch was writing about how to affect change...  HigherEd
KaaaaaBoooM 
World's first higher education institutions: Islam is a religion that prioritizes and gives great i...  HigherEd
Eriksen passed up hat trick for Janssen: Two or three goals, it doesn't really matter. We had so many chances... 
Experts: Overcoming Vols' losing streak against the Gators is matter of mindset: KNOXVILLE - As Tennessee fan... 
McHenry Bill Would Create Regulatory 'On-Ramp' for Fintech Firms: Federal regulators are not moving fast enou... 
Netflix Inc.'s "50% Originals" Goal: What You Need to Know: Everything Wells said here could most certainly b... 
 Cannabis Man charged over £1m herbal cannabis seizure refused bail: A CO Louth man charged in connecti...  News
Recent google search: How to woo a white fuckboy
Reading: Massive solar power plant to produce energy by December: Workers at Florida Power and...  solar  solars
So much for scrapping topless: Playboy's latest cover features bare-boobed blonde  Blonde
Brexit Haunts EU Trade Plans as Nations Push to Keep Pacts Alive: Trade ministers will consider how to breath... 
. Snowden  Google should use  Allo on that  sickburn you just gave them.
Amber Rose Has The Secret To Weight Loss: Amber Rose has the key to helping you meet those weight loss goals!... 
My Clown Tang:) 
 News ASEAN GDP to exceed Japan's by 2030: IHS Markit economist: Biswas pointed out that the Nikkei AS...  Asian
Often times people give opinions about your facts. Google is free.
My Orange Seahorse:) 
Dratini 51% (Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) till 16:56:34 (14m 48s) GO GET IT!. 
A wild Arbok has appeared! Available until 18:56:25 (14m 48s). 
recent google search:
 when her black boyfriend texts: omw
dratini at Remaining Time:00:36
 SEO  Google  SEM Top Things Marketers Need To Know About SEO In 2017 - B&T: B&TTop T... 
TAGS Summary Page shows the top  bufferchat tweeters and conversationalists! Zoom in by cli… 
 freesafelegal Hi there, Google doesn’t allow ads related to abortion to display in certain countries. (1)
I've lived in the same exact small town for 14 years and I still have to use google maps to get around sometimes
Google buys api.ai, a voice-command startup, to help build natural-language interfaces 
'Restart' Show To Welcome All To Gallery's New Beginning  art  museums
Maxim: Bar Refaeli Just Posted a Lingerie-Clad Pic Six Weeks After Giving Birth. 
<Hougang>  Snorlax : Ends At : 7:55 AM 
Kadabra has appeared! At 3001 Shallow Pond Dr. Disappearing in 13m 59s. 
Pokemon GO Update: Battles, Trading, And So Much More: (Photo : (Photo by Billy H.C. Kwok/Getty Images)) TAIN... 
Guangul takes shot at history in Q-C Marathon: Quad-Cities Marathon race director Joe Moreno holds the banner... 
AOBiome trial to test live bacteria for acne treatment: AOBiome announced the launch recently of a phase 2b t... 
New Event | Office Hours: Stephanie Lustgarten October 20, 2016 at 05:30PM 
"Intercept Pharmaceuticals Files New Drug Submission to Health Canada for Marketing Approval of Obeticholic Acid f… 
A wild Gengar has appeared near: 9651-9655 112 Ave! Available until 05:55pm (13m 59s). 
 steven_kerns  Abinormal1  galifianakisz you do understand we all know how to Google right? Quotes are fake.
Releases – APKMirror
Project Fi K.2.7.20 by Google Inc.
'Deepwater Horizon' Producer Lorenzo 
 alanpeto  Outlook I love a lot of what Google does (Google Photos FTW!), but Gmail is yuck. is just really nice.
MortgageNewsUSA: The Wells Fargo scam merits criminal charges | Editorial: John Stumpf of Wells Fargo, equally ine… 
Google the Greenwich judgement. 
Google takes aim at rivals with 'smart' messaging app  Google  Technology 
Clinton-Trump contest up for grabs in swing state North Carolina 
[Northeast Philadelphia] Snorlax until 7:56:13PM at 9996 Roosevelt Blvd 
9/22/2016 23:41:19 GMT
Email Hack Details Movements of Joe Biden, Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton 
Donald Trump, in Pittsburgh, Pledges to Boost Both Coal and Gas 
Email Hack Details Movements of Joe Biden, Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton  hillarytapes
Politics|Government Severs Ties With For-Profit Colleges Accreditor 
Hillary Clinton clears campaign schedule in favor of debate prep  hillarytapes
 AI: First-ever song made by artificial intelligence sounds just like the Beatles — listen here 
Hillary Clinton's problem? We just don't trust women  hillarytapes
I'm out of the country and the first person I google to check on America is  Cernovich
This is why Hillary Clinton isn't '50 points ahead' — or even 10 points ahead  hillarytapes
A wild Magmar appeared! It will be around the City Center North area until 01:51.  PokemonGo
First Read's Morning Clips: Trump's Latino Problem 
McConnell plays hardball in spending fight - Politico ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ⏳℅  web 
Here's how you're getting ripped off on holiday: Flying direct is definitely the fastest and most convenient ... 
5 Healthy Diet Tips To Augment Your Weight Loss Goals: Anyone who has attempted to maintain a healthy weight ... 
 PyRNews Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students     - CNET: Working with the MIT... Vía  CNET
Recipe: Apple, raisin and honey challah  honey  recipe | 
Google to launch Oakland lab to mentor minority students - CNET  Google
Street Vendor to Sell His Michelin Star Recipe for  2 Million  honey  recipe | 
This story by  TechCrunch got 48 retweets in less than 3 hours. 
Two famous Google alums are advising a secret startup building the 'eyes of the smart home' - Business…  Google
WATCH: Hillary Clinton goes “Between Two Ferns” with Zach Galifianakis, immediately regrets it 
Somerset County branding partnership recognized: The Somerset County Branding Committee was recognized at the... 
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow  Pakistan  tech
 mmadiganauthor I had to Google 😬  embarrassed
Haitian Official: The Clintons Deceived the World 
What is  Google  Play? The  new  Apple  iTunes rival! - 
Google open sources image captioning model in TensorFlow (via  TechCrunch)
Index Wales P3  hospitalradio
Skip cooking dinner tonight!Your child can navigate from school to Cici's using a Google Earth map and cardinal dir… 
Fri Sep 23 2016 08:41:10 GMT+0900 (JST)
Sorcery! 4: The Crown of Kings concludes the game-book series with numerous possible endings  android  game
Airware buys Redbird to build a full-stack commercial drone services empire 
My French Angel:) 
 Google open sources image captioning model in  TensorFlow  artificialintelligence  developer
T-Mobile Just Suffered an National Network Outage 
Investigators say black on debris not proof of fire aboard MH370 
More than a third of both presidential candidates' Twitter followers are bots, study finds 
What Happened To MH370? Suspected Debris Of Missing Plane Recovered From Madagascar ... 
Celebrate national parks by fighting climate change (Opinion) 
Zenoplige 2.4G Mini i8 Wirelesss Multi-Touch Touchpad Keyboard and Mouse for PC, PAD, XBox 360, PS3, Google... 
[SG GO] 💙  blacklabel1127 2017 Season Greeting 'my breath'
Ends: 5 November
Details: 
 lack78 Finally something about hillary's health has slipped through google's censorship. 
 google bring on them phones I got my money ready!!!!
12 Animals (That Are Definitely Not an Octopus) 
android  sketch +  snapseed = docker <3
Two famous Google alums are advising a secret startup building the 'eyes of the smart home… 
 np  phyascomusic - TABOO [TAABU] on Mawalking Radio To Listen Click:  AfricanMusic  iOS10
 Nowplaying Franck Pourcel - It Must Be Him at Android/App  instrumentals
Snorlax at 51 Defu Lane 12, [Hougang] up til 7:55:48AM.  
This is far too long in the making. He's got colossal nerve citing Hillary as… 
Watch Live: Donald Trump Holds Rally in Chester Township, PA  BreitbartNews
 anti_thom  PopulationWatch whites use google multiple times more than blacks so your logic is flawed. Try explaini… 
Data is the tinman, he has a bigger heart than he realizes
[Hougang] Snorlax until 7:55:48AM at 51 Defu Lane 12 
A wild Kingler has appeared! Available until 04:55:48pm (14m 49s).  PokemonGo  PokeLongBeach 
VH1 Launches "Love & Hip-Hop: The Game" Mobile App Featuring "LHH:NY" Cast Members: Love & Hip Hop: The Game ... 
Is there something wrong with Google Chrome this night? Almost all the top sites are down.
look at this 100k doller bill. Ok it's not an everyday vender but better than £50  pathetic
Why Did Google Remove the Finance App from Google Play Store? 
 nielissohot112 I just went off google. And no there is not, here's HuffPo a leftist site 
[North Philadelphia] Lickitung until 7:55:42PM at 969 N 2nd St 
 LSUcaligrl that comes up 4th in my google search starting with 'moral_' after
_definition
_hazard
_turpitude
Google it, rocket scientist. 🙄 
 AllThings_UF just this through google: "site:homosexuality"
Hey  alicekeeler  chadkafka and other  GAFECHAT  GAFE and  adedu Is possible to have a Google form with spreadsheet boxes/text combined?
The One Thing You Really Need to Know About Personal Branding 
The Google Analytics Audit Checklist 
Remember how  google subverted public perception in 
Well, one of these  google searches i… 
Light the Night hooking up bikes: The partnership is with Champaign, Urbana and local cycling groups. They sa... 
My Scissortail Goby:) 
 CaddyMarketing  google  SMExaminer thanks so much for sharing!
Boars, Rabbits and Ravens?!
Hunt and Cook YOUR way to success!
Look, I got a Woodcock Meat!
+ Egg
You Can Be A Stock Market Genius by Joel Greenblatt:  SPY  STX  VLO  WDC  Apple  Google  Walmart
New highs in  AMZN  BoeingBoeing  Google yet lower highs in RSI and MACD! Negative divergence says watch out for a near-term top forming....
Video out . Now that bulls found love , let's see how they live with prosperity  TWLO  SRPT  AMZN  Google  ps60
Though I wdn't get too excited abt  Google just yet...actually, it's only up +4.9% YTD: 
LIVE on  Periscope: MarketNews Stocks up  BoeingBoeing  Apple  CLVS  Google 
New Nasdaq high...new  Google high, new  AMZN high, which beats  1,000 first?!
Stocks Rally on dovish Fed  BoeingBoeing  Google  CLVS Jump. Chart n Video:  
StockMarketNews Live in2min. Stocks up  Google  BoeingBoeing  AMZN   CLVS  FB  TWTR  TWLO 
 TWTR  Google  FB:
Facebook and its Law Firm Slammed by Judge in Terrorism Suits:
Twitter falls 3% as RBC Capital warns of slumping advertiser interest  TWTR  FB  GOOG  Google  YHOO  VZ: Full Story 
Gain from movement in these buzzing assets  FTSE100  Blockchain  Google  SPX  TWTR 
S&P100  Stocks Trend  ABBV  GOOG  Google  AMGN  CELG  GM  MA  LLY  CMCSA  V  FB  FDX  AMZN  Apple  NEE  PCLN  P&G   
S&P100  Stocks Performance  COP  AGN  EMR  AMZN  ACN  AIG  ABBV  GOOG  P&G  Google  T  FOXA  SP&G  GD  LMT  more  
Twitter Stock Put On Injured Reserve By RBC Capital   TWTR  Google  FB  
Googl after months finally breakout. Can be monster. 821 827 841-844 soon
Google - Better Buy: Twitter, Inc. vs. Google Parent Alphabet, Inc. 
 IPO Preview: Gridsum Holding  GSUM Also  IBM  GOOG  MSFT  ORCL  Google 
- Google  815.95 all-time high
- Triple-top breakout
- New, bullish P&F price objective  879
 Google  Tech… 
 Google Analyst Coverage
-
Upgrades: 11
Downgrades: 1
via  CMLviz
Twitter, Facebook To Stream Debates; Apple's Car?; BlackBerry New Phone - Eye On Tech  GOOG  FCAU  Google  NFLX
 TWTR did anyone get an email for tonight's game with a link? I mean cmon TWTR ...  Google  FB would have hit me 10x already to watch!
 Airbnb files  555M round with the SEC led by Google Capital and TCV. Read more: 
Better Buy: Twitter, Inc. vs. Google Parent Alphabet, Inc.  TWTR  GOOG  Google 
 GOOG  Google  TWTR:
Better Buy: Twitter, Inc. vs. Google Parent Alphabet, Inc.:
 Google a new long since 805.91 was broken. Targets 810.89(hit) & 821.35. Bears must retake 800 for now. Great trade… 
 YHOO  LNKD  FB  Google  TWTR:
Twitter Receives Analyst Downgrade, Thanks to Record Discontent …:
Tonight's recaps and look ahead. Set ups and thoughts.  amzn  fb  googl  spy  spx  gdx  twlo  
 AMZN  Google  V Hat tip to three  SuperCap25 components making all time highs today...more to follow!
Twitter Stock Put On Injured Reserve By RBC Capital  TWTR  Google  FB 
Google  GOOG  Google just pumped a bunch of money into Airbnb  AIRBNB 
 Google:
Google arm reportedly led Airbnb’s  850 million funding round:
 FB How Alphabet Inc (Google) Is Going After Facebook Inc (FB) 
 Stocks Pile On Gains Post Fed  Google  AMZN 
Airbnb raises  555M at  30B valuation  AIRB  GOOG  Google
 Google  YHOO:
Yahoo’s Data Breach: What to Do If Your Account Was Hacked:
The Ultimate Guide to Google Tag Manager: Chris Mercer breaks down the "what", "why" and "how" of using Googl... 
Blackhill Capital Inc. Has  552,000 Position in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
 PPC  SEM  Google  Bing  Yahoo  Microsoft Today marks the first day of  autumn for the Northern Hemisphere & Googl… 
Google Trips: Can It Disrupt TripAdvisor’s Dominance?  TRIP  Google  PCLN  EXPE 
Condor Capital Management Raises Stake in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
Alphabet Inc.  Google Stake Raised by Commonwealth Equity Services Inc 
Mars: Mars - VER. 6: Modded Game Name: Mars: MarsGoogle Play Store Link:  hack  ios  cheat
Blume Capital Management Inc. Decreases Position in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
 20 billion hedge fund Viking Global has returned 22% annualized since 2001. Top 10 holdings:  AMZN  FB  AVGO  TEVA  Google  APD  COG   LLY
 TWTR  Apple  Google
Apple and Google do Twitter a Solid 
GBIM Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Summary
Read More --> 
 GBIM  PLUG  Google  invest
Gold Rush: California Is No. 1 for Headquarters    via  investopedia
Twitter: Sell, Says RBC; Ad Age Survey Finds Dwindling Value - Tech Trader Daily - Barron’s  TWTR  FB  Google 
VRX First Majestic Silver Corp. Filings
 VRX  Google  JBL  stockmarket
Priceline And Expedia: Watch Out For Google  AIRB  EXPE  PCLN  GOOG  Google
Airbnb's Funding Round Led by Google Capital - Wall Street Journal  technology Airbnb's Funding Round Led by Googl…
Purportedly hacked from a  Gmail account, Michelle  Obama passport scan appears online. 
Alphabet Inc. (Google) price at close, September 22, 2016, is 815.95, via 
 Alphabet,  Amazon,  Match Group help drive new  NASDAQ highs;  Google  AMZN  MTCH - Other big winners:  DIS  ELF 
Airbnb Raises at Least  555 Million in Funding:
monster day!  googl  amzn   baba  isrg thanks  smartertrader !  you nailed them with your no's
9.22.16  782.00 gain less  117.00 cost =  665.00 net --  SPY  PCLN  Google  DailyScalps 
 afortunetraders twlo 4 times .. googl still hold... vxx double...sold.. srpt hold
 Airbnb raises  555M of an expected  850M, valued at  30B  AIRB,  GOOG,  Google
S&P500  Stocks Trend  RCL  PRGO  RHT  NOV  AIV  PKI  CCL  ALXN  AMG  AVB  TAP  EW  TMO  OKE  GOOG  Google  ABBV   
To Bot, Or Not To Bot. That Is The Question  Apple  GOOG  Google  FB  TCEHY
 googl  amzn  isrg  twlo - all these are 500% minimum profits... not considering the others that moved,  ups  lmt etc
S&P100  Stocks Trend  GOOG  Google  ABBV  CELG  GM  MA  AMGN  LLY  V  FB  CMCSA  FDX  AMZN  Apple  Intel  NEE    
S&P100  Stocks Performance  COP  AGN  EMR  ACN  AMZN  FOXA  AIG  GOOG  T  Google  ABBV  PM  P&G  MS  LMT  MO more  
 googl  googl trade at  1.50 went to  9 ..  2000 becomes  11,700 (500% profits) 
Why access a ticker when you can access a group of tickers - US Tech Giants  Apple  Google  MSFT  FB  TWTR
IJR Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Bid Size
 IJR  Google  FXI  finance
Airbnb raises  555M of an expected  850M, valued at  30B
  AIRB,  GOOG,  Google
 TWTR  Apple  FB  Google
Twitter Gets a Huge Favor from Apple and Google
My take via  YahooFinance  googlenews
long fb and dissapointed it got left at train station . small googl long ...small gs long . about to short burrito again ..soon
NEW POST: Sticking with Green  AMZN  DGAZ  FB  Google  JNUG
 TheRealCRillo basing like googl and amzn   wait fro 132 bust
 YHOO hack much worse than Ashley Madison.....  BoeingBoeing  SPY  SPX  DIA  DJIA  QQQ  IWM  TLT  GOOG  Google  NFLX  Apple… 
 Airbnb brings on  Alphabet's growth-equity arm, expected  850M investment which now values the co. at  30B.  Google 
Airbnb raises  555M of an expected  850M, valued at  30B  AIRB,  GOOG,  Google
lol told everyone monste breakouts  twlo  amzn googl baba isrg  OH MY   SAM being SAM  SIMPLE
 smartertrader SAM da Man  SAM  Over the Moon on Google 812.5 calls. Making Nice       400% and I know you are still holding it.  Google
Google: DAILY 1 YEAR VOLATILITY CHART  Google 
Apple, Alphabet, NXP Among Morgan Stanley's 'Autonomous Drive 30′  Google  Apple  CSCO  MSFT… 
 smartertrader Sam in a world of his own today, simply on fire.  Baba, googl, isrg, name it.  Not to mention twlo because I missed it. geez!
BILL HICKS - A "MUST WATCH" INTERVIEW (uploaded 2007 migrated from Googl... via  YouTube
Airbnb raises  555M of an expected  850M, valued at  30B  AIRB  GOOG  Google
 LNKD  FB  AMZN  Google  Apple:
Apple Buys Tuplejump to Expand Machine-Learning Capabilities:
 Google Pot. cont. Uptrend LONGERTERM Wly-Dly-Hly combo chart  Google  Stocks 
imasweatpants Glad it was caught! We suggest adding extra layers of security to your Googl… 
Alphabet, Amazon, Match Group lift Nasdaq to new high:  Google  MTCH  AMZN  DIS  ELF
Pokemon Go Explains Why Economic Growth Is So Sluggish:  NTDOY  FB  TWTR  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  Google
Snowden on Google Allo: 'Don't use it' via  thenextweb
What's this guy's problem
 Verizon's Shammo: 'You cannot make money in an unlimited video world'  VZ  T  S  TMUS  Google  MSFT  QQQ
Trading Options Around Earnings Reports:  options  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  Apple  BBRY  TIF  Google  LNKD  FB  QCOM
Very notable how many stocks have undergone 6+ week pullback/consolidations and are now signaling higher.  CLF  TASR  ORLY  AMZN  Google etc
 Google  GOOG:
Airbnb Raises  850 Million at  30 Billion Valuation:
 Google ~ Blue ~:  PVCT(.10) is skyrocketing I HOPE EVERY IHUBERS LOADED WELL 
 Google ZipCash:  MMHC Products Showed on Pinterest with link below 
Smart glasses 'will be as popular as mobile phones'  VUZI  MFST  Google  Intel  wearabletech  tech 
Google-new highs,taking out heavy resistance(Feb/Aug highs  810- 814),sure looks bullish 
Half of the FANG Four at all-time highs today.  AMZN  Google. Other all-time highs?  V &  MA.  SAP.  ATVI &  TTWO.  DPZ. Plus  MTCH. Tinder!
Google’s VR platform Daydream is now ready for developers’ full attention, thanks to the release of the new Googl… 
Inotia 4 - VER. 1.2.4: Modded Game Name: Inotia 4Google Play Store Link:  hack  ios  cheat
Bot  Google C
The Next Web update: Snowden on Google Allo: ‘Don’t use it’ - Following the launch of Google’s messaging app ‘A... 
Google Consumer Surveys Launches Weekly U.S. Election Poll in Google Data Studio - - Googl… 
Snowden on Google Allo: ‘Don’t use it’: Following the launch of Google’s messaging app ‘Allo‘ and its accompa... 
A few big boyz making new 52 week highs today; 
 Google 
 AMZN 
 BoeingBoeing 
 MA
 SNE Sony’s Xperia XZ and X Compact smartphones get US pricing and availability via… 
 CraigScott31 My tell for a  TWTR take out ....was a new high in  Google ... new high happened today   .....
 Apple reboots  ProjectTitan?   Google  TSLA  UBER  =  Cars. Forecast  electric,  driverless & car initiatives, join !
 googl bear flagging with rest of market took 4.32 balance 816 do or die level so playing safe
To prevent spam: set up a Googl| Alert to te l you zf commonly spammed terms are on your site. (aoogle Webmasters)
 Sprint's Claure: Spectrum is KEY To Our Small Cell Strategy  S  QQQ  MSFT  Google  APPL  DISH  GLW  HD  HPQ  GE  GM
 Google Now outperforming  FB over last 3-months 
via  CMLviz 
 NASDAQ_GOOG  NASDAQ_Google  NASDAQ_Apple Google Pixel Smartphone Won't Be Waterproof, New Leak Says: There's a good… 
did the googl chrome layout change or am i imagining things im super uncomfortable
Google’s internal  storytelling framework used to train to salespeople. via  Forbes  Google
 amzn +13.69
 googl +11.49
 nflx +.51 
 fb +.42
at 1pm
iPhone 7 Gets Big Backing; Apple Intros iOS 10; Tesla Vs. Bolt - Eye On Tech  FB  GOOG  Google  S  T  TMUS  TWTR
Queen pf googl map
 Google  Apple:
Here’s Why Nintendo Chose iPhone Before Android for ‘Super Mario …:
 DanZanger king  googl  amzn and now  twlo
Alphabet Inc (Google) Options Traders Aim For Higher Highs:
Alphabet  Google is riding tech sector tailwinds to never-before-seen levels  FB  AMZN
As an ex-Fire Fighter I already smell the timeless backfire raging!
 MSFT ++ poised to take  FB &  Google 'future ma… 
 Google  Pistol Pete :  PMCB Enjoy Corporate Video -  Pistol Pete  
More new 52-week highs today:
Alphabet, Amazon, DepoMed, GenMark Diagnostics, Papa John's, Take-Two.
 Google  AMZN… 
Google's DeepMind artificial intelligence has figured out how to talk:  Google  GOOG
MACD has turned positive in  amzn  googl  spy. Watch for a potential momentum thrust (daily timeframe)
How Alphabet Inc (Google) Is Going After Facebook Inc (FB) - 
 ivanhoff  Google of course.
This is HUGE...  MelissaLeeCNBC parades him out every time he issues a (bearish) report. Now ?
 AMZN  FB  BoeingBoeing… 
Show and Tell: image captioning open sourced in TensorFlow: Posted by Chris Shallue, Software Engineer, Googl... 
 torbahax  Cernovich  Google GROWTH📈or subjective Censorship⛔? Stockholders & Customers get CLEAR MSG and are actively seeking OTHER OPTIONS❗
 Google Stockholder/Customer MSG s/b CLEAR
GROWTH📈or Censorship⛔?
Game's🚫particularly offensive or deplorable❗
I'm N… 
SAlphaTrending: Fortune Portrays Porat Beautifully But Doesn't Understand Alphabet  GOOG  GoogleE  Google
Fortune Portrays Porat Beautifully But Doesn't Understand Alphabet  GOOG  GoogleE  Google
Google Top news - Sep 22nd, 2016  Google 
 AlisBllue googl
 GoogleMaps : Free Styling with Mapbox, Google & Maputnik: Google has extended custom map styles to the Googl... 
mkt gonn punsh amzn googl people    they waited for weeks and week and people think short  silly
Google Street View blurred the face of a cow to protect its privacy 
 VictorZubarev Bingo. Big Winners.  AMZN and  Google
Nice move in  AMZN and  Google congrats to those holding longs. None here observation only
FB: How Alphabet Inc (Google) Is Going After Facebook Inc (FB) 
Thr Sep22
VZVOLBO:
Buy the Open=810.00
ATR tgt=814.85  MET
so far, H=818.77
 vxx46
 SPY  SPX  QQQ  IWM  RUT  XLF  Apple  Google  AMZN  VIX  federalreserve 
Apple, Alphabet, NXP Among Morgan Stanley’s ‘Autonomous Drive 30′ - Tech Trader Daily -  Apple  Google  DLPH  NXPI 
 jaeminazi regard sur googl
Google Allo (for Android): Google Allo is a beautifully designed app that lets you chat and send media to your friends, and the Googl...
 Google flacrusher: I grabbed 720000 shares. See where this one 
 Google easymoneylucy:  UBQU's Mission is to bring the finest CBD 
XLK Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. Message Board Posts
 XLK  Google  CDE  share
Poking up to new ATH, sol\u2026  Google 
Fed Frenzy Fuels More Gains For Stocks; Alphabet Clears Buy Point  Google
XME Achaogen, Inc. Stock Message Board
 XME  Google  EWZ  invest
Google's new messaging app is too little for now & might be arriving too late:  Google 
Google just launched its new messaging app, Allo. Here's how it works (GOOG, Google) 
 Google Nice Breakout from Bollingers Squeeze all time highs. MACD curling up. 
 AMZN, Google and  FB never broke 50DMA.  SPX did & is trying to reclaim it.  NFLX consolidating on 50DMA as we speak.
Do you know that  WallStreet price for  Google is  940.45 
 RedDogT3  googl  Patience HAS PAID OFF FOR YOU 
Wondering about risks of  Google? The 21-day volatility is 3.67% 
Held  Google  AMZN  TLT from yesterdays  FOMC popping champagne Friday night!
Rolled up most of my biotech calls---some solid runs.  Largest options positions in  AMZN,  Google,  TWLO,  GWPH, sold down all
 GOOG  Google:
Fortune Portrays Porat Beautifully But Doesn’t Understand Alphabet:
Pleased with our services? Share your feedback on our Googl 
How Alphabet Inc (Google) Is Going After Facebook Inc (FB)  facebook
 Google close enough to that  820 target---letting go more near dated calls. Holding my earnings lottery tickets...
 NFLX  FB  AMZN  Google:
Netflix bull makes case for stock doubling in 3 years:
 Apple Can You Really Make Money Day  Trading  Stocks?  AMZN  daytrading  QQQ  SPY  NFLX  GOOG  Google  AMZN  FB  TWTR
Finally!  Zacks Earnings Estimates Of  0 For  Sprint Corporation (NYSE:  S) Sure Beats a Negative Cash Flow!   Google
 Apple here are key levels for this stock and other MOJO names  MSFT  FB  Google  T 
 IBB,  Google,  CMG,  WYNN,  LMT,  SPY
 SPY Bears Rule The Roost  SPX  DIA  DJIA  QQQ  IWM  GOOG  Google  AMZN  Apple  FB  NFLX  BoeingBoeing  YHOO  TWTR  stocks  V
 DPZ  Google more pizza than software  
Sold  googl .62-1.40
'Here's why you should start using Apple Maps instead of Googl...' via  BusinessInsider 
“Storytelling is a powerful way to get Google’s clients to think differently.” New skill.  Google
 afortunetraders Great call on Google 810s ... didn't have the balls to take calls expiring in 2 days but great call all the same!
Apple's Response To Amazon Echo? AirPods With Siri  AMZN  GOOG  Google  SSNLF  Apple
 Google All-time High
3Mo: 15.0% | 6Mo: 7.5% | 12Mo: 25.1%
Chart and Returns ➔via  CMLviz 
How Long Do Android and iPhone Owners Keep Their Phones? Learn here:  GOOG  Apple  Google
 RalstonMax hmmm not shitty at all . Up 7pts on googl had bunch good scalps
Pokémon Go loses App Store's top-grossing spot to Clash Royale ...
Developer Niantic's Googl 
Pretty good variety on the all-time high list today:  AMZN  Google  MTCH, etc. Which one would you buy out of the 12? 
 Google L working and S  ES working today.
 PipsToDollars been too busy to trade this week. But 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽 love that googl trade
Nasdaq100  Stocks Performance  DISCA  AAL  MYL  LBTYA  AMZN  ESRX  ORLY  Google  GOOG  ALXN  BBBY  FOXA  more  
 PipsToDollars yaass googl is our bitch
Gots lunch date :). Out  googl here, can't watch it do its gone
Google's Urban Engine acquisition makes its amazing mapping data even stronger (GOOG, Google) 
S&P100  Stocks Trend  GOOG  FDX  MA  LLY  V  CAT  Intel  FB  CMCSA  AMZN  Google  Apple  MS  CELG  AMGN  PCLN    
S&P100  Stocks Performance  COP  AMZN  AGN  Google  GOOG  EMR  ACN  F  FOXA  CSCO  UTX  Boeing  Merck  Apple  PM  more  
125%  Google  nickmdavila 
How Long Do Android and iPhone Owners Keep Their Phones?  Apple  GOOG  Google 
 Google GOLDBUFFALO:  UPZS - .003 - 
 Google  AMZN new ATHs today
 FB  MSFT  Apple  AMZN  Google:
Mega Technology Stocks Back on Top as Fed Inaction Lifts S&P 500:
 Apple  FB  Google  NKE  MSFT  AMZN trade 4x-23x book value with that multiple  SNE  SONY should trade btw  80 to  450 
Stocks to watch at midday: Alphabet  AMZ, Amazon  Google while US stocks are rallying  Nasdaq  markets 
ANOTHER NEW 52wk HIGH :: 817.66 :: so far
its headed for the pcln 1000s
a bag on  googl 
 Google hits record high of  817.66. Yet average 12-month price target of  940.38 implies analysts still see 15% upside
"10% of the world’s public companies generate 80% of all profits"--but is that a good thing?  Apple  Google  MSFT  BRK 
 SearchEngineJournal Google Displaying Vacation Prices on Front Page of Search Results by  SouthernSEJ: Googl... 
 amzn and  googl making
I'm mobile today, which sucks.  Going to hang on to  googl a little longer, that's a big break.  Maybe another 5 points today or tom?
 Google rallying trying to keep ahead of  AMZN as they round the corner for the back stretch [using my racetrack announcer voice ;-)
Google Is Going After Facebook! --  Google  Facebook  SocialMedia
Image Credit: William Iven 
 Google  AMZN
 momo is back..I just got in
More US teens use YouTube and Gmail than  Snapchat, Instagram or Facebook.  Google  FB… 
RBC's Mahaney Explains Why He Prefers Alphabet (Google… 
I'm checking out  Google  MobileTrader there it is.  Nice little profit 
 Google is a super buy today but I'm letting it go in favor of a few others.
 CELG  GOOG  Apple  Google Above opening price 
He who gathers the most data in the end...wins.  FB  AMZN  Google
 Google awaken the beast!!!
 googl I mean 811.78 stop lol
 Google plan here is either 111.78 stop balance break even or 833 daily supply
 Apple  GOOG  Google:
How Long Do Android and iPhone Owners Keep Their Phones?:
I'm checking out  Google  MobileTrader watch it bust up 
Nice morning so far . Down to runner  nvfy  amrs  googl . Nice chops  GLMD  GLBL  . Only loss  NAVB Was in w/social media hence -
Alibaba hits new 52-week high as analysts applaud cloud efforts  BoeingBoeing  AMZN  GOOG  Google: Full Story 
 COSSIs  COSI  OIL  SNE  SPXS ITALY  EWI more attractive than ▶   FAANGs  FB  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  Google  feelslike1999
How Alphabet Is Going After Facebook (And Why It Will Fail)  FB  Google 
 Google prints new high along w/  NQ.  NQ targets met - now get to see if the S&P can catch up. Keeping an eye on… 
Been saying this for months
Buy leaders with great moats and fantastic growth
 AMZN  FB  Google
Buy winners in big markets
 NVDA  TWLO
Charts-ideas and thoughts posted here each close  spy  amzn  fb  googl  msft  spy... by  RedDogT3 via  c0nvey
All time highs of note  ABMD  ADSK  AJG  AMZN  BDX  BIP  DKS  DPZ  Google  IFF  MA  NVDA  V
 Google and  AMZN making new ATH's today, both priced over  800 and only  10 apart.
 Options  maxpain chart for  Google. Free stock station app  iTunes 
 Google The wall street veteran who's helping Google get disciplined via  FortuneMagazine 
Internet companies'  lobbying spending outpaces that of legacy  tech firms.  Google AMZN  FB… 
A new daily high for  Google was just reached.  Google  814.67   9:28:21 AM.  Found with MOMO Stock Discovery  GOOG 
So much to chat about with  hblodget on  SquawkAlley NEXT!
 Yahoo,  Hatespeech  FB  Google 
Btw, Estimated  Earnings Per Share for  Google is  9.63 it's 1.2% of the current price 
 Google Jimmy Jackson jr: ARYC:  2,000,000+ in sales in just 3 past 
 Google myopinion:  AMRS Working with U.S. Department of Defense Advanced 
 trinh_pham13 yes sir  Google and  BoeingBoeing
How to trade tech MOJO - Apple, Google, Facebook, plus Jim Cramer's view  FB  Apple  Google 
 RedDogT3 nice call on  googl
Understanding Our Investing Biases - Part 2 
 iwm  qqq  spy  dia  fb  goog  googl  nflx  amzn  amgn
 jimcramer How to trade tech MOJO - Apple, Google, Facebook, plus Jim Cramer's view  FB  Apple  Google via  TheStreet
 NASDAQ_Google The Digital Evangelist Leading Google's Storytelling Movement: A successful pitch must give equal… 
 NASDAQ_Apple  NASDAQ_Google This Is The Larry Page-Backed Electric Motorcycle Startup That Apple Might Buy: The… 
The digital evangelist leading a  storytelling movement at Google. via  Forbes  Google
 afortunetraders Your calls simply awesome... i made 2k on ISRG but missed the AMZN anf googl which were beasts today
 Google is on the move this morning. There's that.
 Google ATH
So goes Goggle so goes the economy!  Google
Everything You Need to Know About Tesla's Offer for SolarCity:  SCTY  GS  TSLA  Google
Finally  googl working as it cleared  804 yesterday then  811 today. Now  815.50.  Trim and trail but just breaking… 
I have lost tracks of how many multi-baggers we got today...  amzn,  googl,  isrg,  lmt,  ups,  twlo and many more
 RedDogT3 RD, finally  Google breaking out - way to stay patient Red Dog!
 AffiliateMarketing  Affiliate AdWords for  B2B: Stupid or Stupendous?    SEM  PPC  Googl… 
HOW good is sam  OH MY  gave you amzmn googl  two  isrg baba last niight   come join   SIMPLE  
Amazon, Google at records  Google  AMZN
CIO Hands-on: Google Assistant's Allo chatbot outdoes Cortana, Siri as your digital pal: 
Tucked within Googl... 
10:27 New 52wk Highs:  Google
Wait.  Google - is that an all-timer? 
 googl to the house
 Google a close over 814 be very bullish.
 Google +1.03% today. Reached a life time high of  814.00 earlier. Share price is up 7.09% in 2016 & 24.51% in 52 wks 
 VXGOG ======>>  Google
814.00 :: 52wk HIGH :: so far 
Recent  Google technical alerts: Non-ADX 1,2,3,4 Bullish plus 6 more alerts... 
Good day for long  StockTraders  AMZN new high.  Google finally over 810,  BoeingBoeing on fire again.  TWLO beast mode.  PraiseTheLord
 Google looking good 
 Google WEEKLY  Breaking.   GOOG  QQQ  COMPQ 
Sept 22 Thursday,  Google is  813.45 and hit my BULLISH target  810.89 from Sept 06 Tuesday☕💰✌
Google's New Messaging App Is Too Little For Now, and Might Be Arriving Too Late  Google 
googl
and long some  Google
Commented on StockTwits: watching  Google weekly 
When the big boys need to chase/put money to work, it's no secret that they go to the same reliable megacaps: AMZN, Google, etc.
Moment of truth on  googl, breaks  814 and holds, it will not look back..  810s will be 500%-1000% return .. hold tight
Commented on StockTwits: I have a couple times this week watch  Google t see if 810.35 holds 
 AOTtrades googl 807.50calls 2.80 to 6.10 held overnight thanks for the alert stewie
TWLO AMZN Google  all  wow today
FYI selling down  AMZN,  Google near dated calls.  Got my  AMZN  800 level, waiting on  Google taking out  820
 googl wants 52 wk highs 813.87 .
Markets are so rigged to the upside...only way too make  ,buy like donkeys!  googl  tsla  fb  amzn  goog  pcln easy  cnbc   HalftimeReport
Google wants you to get a little closer with, well, Google (GOOG, Google) via its newest messaging app, Allo. 
 Google within  2 of all time highs...  AMZN at all time high a few pennies under  800
 Google in butterfly 820/825/830
 GOOG RBC's Mahaney Explains Why He Prefers Alphabet (Google) and Expedia 
Google Inc. hits a 1 month high  Google  GoogleInc. 
Amzn clearing, googl setup interesting for possible clearing
BLOCK TRADE detected in  Google
RBC's Mahaney Explains Why He Prefers Alphabet (Google) and Expedia
 googl and  amzn back in-play
 Google easymoneylucy:  UBUQ is on the rise, 32% Buy barchart 
 Google maradoods: FRZT 0002 X 0003 Worldwide released could be 
RBC's Mahaney Explains Why He Prefers Alphabet (Google) and Expedia  Google 
Everything You Need to Know About Tesla's Offer for SolarCity  SCTY  TSLA  GOOG  Google  GS 
 Google breakout could send NDX into orbit... 
RBC’s Mahaney Explains Why He Prefers Alphabet (Google) and …:
Phones & Deals :  819 Jabra Eclipse Wireless Bluetooth Headset with HD Voice, Siri / Googl… 
RBC's Mahaney Explains Why He Prefers Alphabet  Google and Expedia  StockAction
RBC's Mahaney Explains Why He Prefers Alphabet  Google and Expedia 
Dell, EMC Join To Create Largest Privately Controlled Tech Company - Top Tech News:  smartphone controlled - Googl…
 afortunetraders  googl is now  3+ 100% profit
Good News For Twitter, Facebook, Google and Apple  TWTR  FB  Google  Apple 
NEWS: Must read reports: &  Google  SUNE  ACAD  SH  TCK  TASR  TNA  LF  AZO
 afortunetraders  googl up trading at  809 our calls  810 is going to be 100% right at open..
Search Engine Marketing Specialist: • Perform daily account management and of pay per click accounts on Googl... 
uranium-pinto-beans:  Google (chart) - uranium-pinto-beans 
 follow  UK4G_TV Chatting with Google: The many ways Assistant replaces or augments OK Google, Googl...  Android
 Google  GE  GRPN  GM  Apple  BoeingC  AMZN  AMD  T  TSLA  TWTR  FB  F  IBM  BIDU  BP  C  CSCO  CRM  CHK  KO
as a pre-market leader candidates
Learn to trade open range breakouts -
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  PCLN  Apple  BBRY  TSLA
The Road Not Taken: What If Infrastructure Were Actually Planned?:
Wall Street Breakfast: Trade Deals In Focus  SPY,  QQQ,  Apple,  XOM,  YHOO,  GOOG,  Google,  TASR,  business  markets
 RedDogT3 googl huge 30+ day base flat since 2015 got 812.5 yest at 95c if breaks 813.6  821 826-827 in a flash  844 happens if mkt rip 2000
This is a key attribute of great  corpcult.  Google  SBUX cultures emphasize/promote the hiring of people better/sma… 
 Google myopinion:  AMRS Amyris's product: Biossance is on Facebook has 
:   Access Hollywood's Best Emmy Red Carpet Moments!   skypapers   free    wikileaks    ... 
:   Julia Louis-Dreyfus Dedicates Her Record-Breaking Emmy Win To Her Late Father   skyp... 
:   See GoPro's new foldable drone Most stock quote data provided by BoeingTS Market indices... 
Morning movers: yhoo, vz, googl, amzn, cmcsa 
Morning Movers: YHOO, VZ, Google, AMZN, CMCSA 
dark googl show us the vamphero fanart
 googl- perking up but needs to ignite-  850+ is my 2016 target 
 Google long trading plan 
 NASDAQ_NFLX  NASDAQ_Google  NASDAQ_FB 'Elsewhere' Turns Any Video Into A VR Experience: Hollywood, Magic Leap,… 
 GOOG looks ready to take out resistance around  785. looking for bullish consolidation to resolve higher  Google 
 TSLA  Google  GS:
Everything You Need to Know About Tesla’s Offer for SolarCity:
 CRM  JPM  V  AMZN  FB  Google  GS:
This Year, Mutual Funds Should Have Bought the Stocks They Hated:
Apple in talks with luxury carmaker McLaren  Apple  Google  F  SLLN  TSLA  GM  TKOSTOCKS
Perfect mobile massager now on Google Play !! Super hard vibration !!
 バイブ  バイブレーター  マッサージ
 SCTY  GM  Google  TSLA:
Tesla Drivers Wake Up to a Serious Upgrade:
 afortunetraders  amzn  googl  twlo calls are going to be up big today
 amzn  792.65 (new highs in premarket) ,  googl  807,  twlo  62.50,  baba at  108 (moving to  110) all up big in premarket
Google   35 day base  flat since dec a yr ago  842 in a blink if/when 813.6 breaks  BUT I GET IT   short it and take it up the ......
 Hedgeye  HedgeyeDDale  KeithMcCullough You don't raise rates in a recession.  aapl  spy  amzn  googl  ibm  msft
Google Play is now bringing Android apps to Chromebooks 
May not trade at all today since this is gapping. Had great gains yesterday and didn't want to hold - eyes on  PCLN  IBB  amzn  googl
 ourclassifieds
Professional Website for your b  pune  services  web  directory  seo  googl 
Professional Website for your   osaka  services  web  directory  seo  googl 
How Defy  Media defied the "YouTube network" label and grew to 800m monthly video views. 
ReplyBuy brings an AI concierge to the sports and entertainment market feeds.feedburner.com
Access on Chrome
Transaction costs for trading  Google with brokers, min: 0.051% max: 0.331% difference: 5.0x 
 Google chris20: Xnnhq..0013..starting to wake up...tiny float play about to move.. 
Google - Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Lawrence Page Sold  26.2 million of Shares 
 Google basing for more than a month,  QQQ can explode
Cheap call option upside:  MON calls cheaper than 100% of history,  Google 100%,  FB 100%,  GOOG 100%,  CSCO 99%,  AMZN 99%,  TSLA 99%
 Google nice consolidation but needs over 813-814 to trend up.
SEO Company Chennai: Google Apps Admins Can Set Default State For Googl... 
 SquawkCNBC Mahaney's top picks  NFLX  Google  EXPE
Conversely bearish on   EBoeingY and  TWTR
 COST  BBY  HLT  Google  SBUX  P&G  AXP  JPM:
How Chase Made the Perfect High for Credit Card Junkies:
 Diguiii_ sur googl
 Daytrading jones2000:  FB Googl's Allo is scary and could kill many 
Fed Day  T  CSTR  FMAX  Google  ELF  TTD  VVV  APTI 
Google Inc. (NASDAQ:Google), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:Apple) -  10 Mil... via   teslamotors  Tesla 
Access curated tweets- high relevancy, less spam - US Tech Giants  Apple  Google  MSFT  FB  TWTR
Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) bust into Google search results: AMP showing momentum as Googl...  leadgeneration
[MARKETINGLAND] Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) bust into Google search results: AMP showing momentum as Googl... 
Weekly S&P100  Stocks Trend  FDX  CELG  LLY  CMCSA  MA  MET  NEE  AMZN  V  GM  UPS  FB  CAT  Google  Intel  MDT    
Track curated news and tweets for multiple tickers - US Tech Giants  Apple  Google  MSFT  FB  TWTR
 Amazon The Race to Cloud Computing Dominance has Begun and Google (Google) Scores BIG. Read more:  AMZN
 TSLA  GM  FCAU  F  Google:
Get Ready for Freeways That Ban Human Drivers:
 FB  Google  HLT  MS  PCLN  EXPE  HOT  MAR:
Marriott Is Using Its Muscle to Fight Off Expedia and Priceline:
 Apple  MSFT  AMZN  GD  Google:
U.S. Spies Finally Embracing iPhones, Wireless Connections:
 ARababaah  TheDivisionGame  Vesp_Skillup they lookin into it" also did  you look up 1.4??there might be a fix there lol,just sayin,googl e
 kevinacahp Kev-, Thanks for the follow! Why not take advantage of our 2 week FREE Social Media trial! includes Facebook, Twitter and Googl…
nj_gurung closed a position on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:Google) and made a profit of US  8,787.74 (31.6% ROI) via  TradeHeroMobile
 yhoo should just publicly admit it got owned by  googl
Exploiting Earnings Volatility by Brian Johnson:  options  trading  earnings  Apple  SPY  VIX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
Growth    Google has slowed & likely to slow more - still 30x P/E.  Apple same story but 12x. 
Pulse Secure reduces cost and complexity of Strong Authentication to Enterprise Resources with Googl 
 Google  IBM  MON:
Why Hire a Lawyer When a Robot Will Do?:
Everything you need to know about Google’s ‘Possum’ algorithm update 
 SEO  LocalSEO  Google  GoogleAlgorithm  Googl…
World’s Best Performing Tech Fund Is Finally Betting on Facebook  fb  googl  
Google uses Assistant to square up to Siri in AI arms race  Google  AMZN  MSFT
Google Pixel And Pixel XL Won't Be Waterproof, But Will Have An IP53 Water-Resistant Rating: Rumor: The Googl... 
Googl. Plus still exist,.
 Google looking ready to rock 
PayPal's Prime Choice for Cloud Hosting is Alphabet via  emarketingseo  flauntt
Networking Deals  441 >Wallet Leather Case Cover with [Kickstand Feature] Card Slot for Goo… 
 ENT  Google  FB  I:
Too Many Satellites Means Sky-High Margins Under Pressure:
Hey girl you must be Googl. Plus because I can't convincw any of my friends to hang out with you. :(
Jim Cramer — Google's new messaging platform is good, not additive:  Google 
Open source software free (but not the free you're thinking of) - Reno Gazette Journal ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ℅  OpenSource ⚡
 FB Googl's Allo is scary and could kill many messaging apps. Amazing!
Monitor your watchlist of assets for tweets - US Tech Giants  Apple  Google  MSFT  FB  TWTR
Retweeted Dave Hall ( DaveHallSTRIDE):
Building a culture of  innovation in the  Philippines Ken Lungan of  Googl… 
Jim Cramer — Google's new messaging platform is good, not additive:   Google  
Can Google’s new messaging app, Allo, take on Facebook Messenger?  FortuneTech debates   
To prevent spam: set up a Googl| Alert to tell you zf commonly spammed terms are on your site. (Google Webmasters)
 JamesScolari Your posts (on twitter :TWTR) using a device (:Apple, :Google, :MSFT) about evil "greedy" corporations is comical.  irony
 Google Pot. cont. Uptrend INTRAWEEK 60m-15m-4m combo chart  Google  Trading 
Quality of Earnings by Thornton L. O'Glove:  AMZN  KORS  Apple  IBM  Google  TSLA  NFLX
 RedDogT3 Happy B-Day Red Dawg - hope to see  Google gets thru  810!
 JustinPulitzer Thoughts about  FED Pretty Good Stuff
 VIX  TLT  XOM  IBB  BoeingBoeing  SPY  IWM  QQQ  Apple  AMZN  FB… 
DSP: "Phil: Just think: if you were rich, YOU could finance a business, then rely on others to make it profitable and work, just like Googl…
:   Emmys 2016: Stacy London's Red Carpet Report Card!   skypapers  free   wikileaks   d... 
NEWS: Must read reports: &  Google  SUNE  ACAD  NYMT  IRBT  OKE  LTBR  HW  NVDQ
Venture Deals: Be Smarter Than Your Lawyer and Venture Capitalist:  Apple  TSLA  SPY  AMZN  Google
Google launches Allo, bets on AI to spice up chats: WASHINGTON: Google-parent Alphabet Inc (Google.O) launched... 
Google launches Allo, bets on AI to spice up chats: WASHINGTON: Google-parent Alphabet Inc (Google.O) launched Allo, a messaging app t...
"Google just launched its answer to Siri. Here's how it works (GOOG, Google)"  
CARNAGE From A Distance: UPDATE for Users [RELEASED] 9/16/16 incl  AMZN  TCK  TTWO  ITW  Google 
 GS Goldman's recently announced Hedge Fund VIP Basket:  Apple  YHOO  MSFT  EMC  Google  GOOG  AGN  FB  CHTR and  AMZN
How to Day Trade Stocks for Profit by Harvey Walsh:   SPY  Apple  SPX  Google  AMZ… 
 Google sideways for 36 days, flat since Dec 2015, tightens up last 5days, inside day yday, bullish engulfing today 
have great ranges each day. For options, I like  PCLN,  AMZN,  TSLA,  NFLX,  Google. Great ranges and great tape.
Alphabet Is Top PayPal Choice for Cloud Hosting (Google, AMZN) -  data_center
COST AKSteel Holding Corp. Short Sales
 COST  ARIA  Google  investing
Are  Google and  BIDU investing in 'other bets' to replace Search growth, or to improve/defend the Search moat?
T3 Live Daily Recap: Fed To Keep Rates On Hold
  
   SPX  QQQ  AMZN  BoeingBoeing  FB  Google  TWLO  TTD  X  GDX  TLT
Live now on Youtube!
 AMZN  Google  FB  NFLX  JNUG  SFLY  GIS  BBBY  AZO  NKE  PCLN  V  ESPR  AGN  IBB  XLF
