Apps iOS and Android for "Radiosky Music Jazz" is available:
iOS
Android
01
The future of VR from Intel / Google launches AR shopping / Vive Tracker turns objects into controllers: 
Way to go  Allegiant. You are officially a terrible airline --->  AllegiantAir
Killer whale at center of 'Blackfish' dies

 CNN - 8h ago

(CNN)  Tilikum dies 😞 
 ObeySkittle heres my channel heres my channel
 OtherWorldsATX   Thanks 4 adding me!  Music  ART  Poetry   Store~ tessieART  RadioShow  LightInTheDarkRadio : 
 klaucks google maps really comes in handy
Islamist president diplomats cannot be trusted 
[Bedok] Vaporeon (IV: 66%) until 08:27:51AM at  E Coast Park Service Rd  pokemongonews
[Sengkang] Arcanine (IV: 64%) until 08:26:46AM at 6 Seletar West Farmway 1  pokemongonews
[Jurong West] Snorlax (IV: 40%) until 08:24:59AM at 152 Yung Ho Rd  pokemongonews
 skeskali  BaharakY there's a bit online too: 
Check out Kendall and Kylie!  kkgame 
Follow our Google Business page please.
Why Honduras Remains Latin America& 39;s Most Unequal County 
Lead Letter: Waiting to have children is one sound step toward avoiding poverty 
Lobby group to Tories: Make poverty a priority 
Income assistance keeps Manitobans at 50-70 per cent of poverty line: Protesters 
Spencer Bachus honored for work against poverty 
Refugee resettlement may double in southwest Kansas in 2017 
Vietnamese Refugee In Canada Now Helping Syrian Family Resettle 
 MoominWhisky maybe but cmon! A quick Google search would show give them the answers 😂 And it's a legit 'official team GB product' !???
The Year Ahead: Refugees Deeply in 2017 
More Acchhe Din Ahead, Bloomberg: Thousands of Jobs at Risk as Modi Plans Company Sell-Offs. 
Dragonite till 01:29:28 (29m 46s). 64.44%. A/D/S: 8/12/9. Dragon Breath, Hyper Beam. 
NOW AIRING: 
DJ Freddie Fred’s Backyard Party from 7pm – 9pm EST.

Pidgey 96% (13/15/15) tackle fast/twister) till 
If you want to call your senators, but don't often do it, what's been the barrier? LMK! 
Charmeleon appeared! IV: 75.56% (13/14/7). Moves: Ember,Flamethrower. At 301 Shorehavendr 4B. 16m 34s left. 
 Rezzy__Reborn lol no just look up on Google homie my shit exclusive it not on YouTube lol
The latest the  googlediary!  dataviz  measure
We're on Google+  GooglePlus  HomeSecurity  Keys  Locks
Google's New "Sort" Tool Places Reviews at the Forefront of  LocalSEO 

by  chatmeter 
Dewinter launches new campaign: "We must be radical to be crushed" | Vlaams Belang | The morning - 
Wartortle until 18:27:44 (28m 9s). Moves:Bite/Hydro Pump. IVs:62.22% (11/8/9)   11810 Westlock Dr 
 hjreid Suggest you google me or read my TL.
 byLimbo_ We'd like to learn more. Share details about your experience via "Send Feedback" within YouTube: Thanks!
 Ghana's durable dem via  ForeignAffairs; upheavals tied to econ grievances rather than ethnic/secessionist issues: 
Google CEO Says Next Wave Of Affordable Smartphones Should Cost  30 
Because guess what.. the roles WERE reversed and this sick fuck faces no jail time. 
Judge Halts Rule to Require Abortion Clinics to Bury Aborted Baby Instead of Selling Their Body Parts  LifeNewsHQ

Miami airport gunman identified as disturbed US Vet

I love it when my  CookCountyJail google alert shows me something new; this time, an alleged jail cell door 
 303 - worked for Apple, Google .. on accounting software .. many startups. Lived-in-SF white-male-had-a-beard. Would love to help though!
 Google RWW: Ford rolls out gas- and driver-less fleet of tomorrow 
 IoT  Ford  CES2017 
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 64.44% (7/13/9). Moves: Mud Slap,Stomp. At 1819 N Ocean Blvd. 22m 2s left. 
If you search "Who's the cutest" using Google's "I'm Feeling Lucky," it will say "YOU ARE"  fact  quotes
Getting Ready for Google's New Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) via  Entrepreneur 
A Metal Ball the Size of Massachusetts That NASA Wants to Explore - via 
I've just played Cops 'n' Robbers from  mazooma_ available on the App Store, it was awesome! Try it out free : 
 WeNeedPlaymakrs bigger story there. Google Ben Bonk & read 1% doctrine if you're really curious about how events went down prior 2 invasion
Graveler available until 07:29:08pm (29m 47s). Rock Throw / Rock Slide (4.44% - 0/2/0) 
Squirtle is available until 07:29:11pm (29m 41s).IVs: 82.22% Fast Move: Tackle, Charge Move: Aqua Jet 
Geodude appeared! IV: 35.56% (10/0/6). Moves: Rock Throw,Rock Slide. At 300 Shorehaven Dr. 14m 46s left. 
 PrisonPlanet  Future_of_West No never.  eureferendum 

The Clintons are so desperate that Bill has offered to triple donations.  TalkNerdyToMe72  Republikim1
Christmas Facts  xmas  christmas  christmasfacts 
 Britestoan LOL a simple google search shows your number 20 deaths in 20 years is false.
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 01:28:40 (29m 4s) IV: 75.56 Moves: Dragon Breath / Twister . 
Google evaluated Target's Modern 30th Anniversary Mario  amiibo on New Years
Thousands of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other on Twitch  tech
Zero Hedge: Chinese Overnight Funding Rate Hits Unprecedented 105% 
 T3TruthSeeker  CarmineSabia Me too. Way too much unsub narrative going on. Anyone check google for indexed news links before event?
Bulbasaur 91% (11/15/15) vine whip fast/seed bomb) till 
RSA: Nidoking 51.11% (5/15/3/Fury Cutter/Sludge Wave) till 16:28:43 (29m 44s).
CP for lvl30+: 942

Older Americans Are Retiring in Droves. 
Download Drudge Report from Google Play Store. 
-Happy Last Day of Christmas!
DownloadAtoZ - More Apps than Google Play - Save My Snaps  - SaveMySnaps 
Why should it? BC I'm black? Maaaaan, you better do some fucking research, shit, Google Michelle Obama. Damn. Resea… 
 N0xianExile ((´д｀)) Pon does not think it exists anymore! Pon cannot find it on Google and the API Pon had for it is gone!
Arnold Schwarzenegger Has the Perfect Grownup Response to Trump's Moronic Twitter Attack 
Gas prices: It'll cost  52B more for us to fill 'er up 
Donald Trump, Fort Lauderdale: Your Friday Evening Briefing 
 TheMetalFrost Can you provide a little more detail? Have you checked out our Help Center on reporting spam? 
plz help in our time of need our electric is due to be cut off on the 10th there isnt… 
Golem (IV: 33%) until 04:23:47PM at 4412 French Landing Rd 
Snorlax (IV: 68%) until 04:19:35PM at 7230 W Verde Way 
Video Dubbing Learning Activities for Students - See how students can use the Screencastify Google Chrome… 
Do Cats like Balls?  gaming
3013 27th Ave N, Grand Forks, ND 58203: Price: 674,900.00ContactLarry Hondl… 
Wireless Passwords From Airports And Lounges Around The World - 
 davesteinborn regarding "mass shootings," here's some numbers: 
Turkey nightclub was hit by 'war machine', owner says 
Super Creep Offers Free Coachella Tickets on Craiglist With 20 Extremely Cringeworthy Demands… 
【My cutie devil】　  mycutiedevil 
【iOS】【Android】
. GavinNewsom trying to reverse 1 of 2 initiatives a couple spent  600K on to protect views 
 FlitterOnFraud  LouiseMensch  WLTaskForce let me google that for you

Brush strokes and recitals: Pune Biennale hits the right note 
Two Google Homes Are Arguing About Whether They’re Human Right Now via  selectall
 RajonRondo  NBoeing Chicago Bulls Rajon Rondo Jersey Adidas Swingman  Google  Sports
Given these two definitions, would you consider yourself racist?
Join me tomorrow 1/7/17. Dr. Steve Perry joins me at 7:30 a.m. ET. Tune in on 
Dratini available until 07:28:34pm (29m 46s). Dragon Breath / Twister (24.44% - 8/1/2) 
Driving: Turn right onto US-17 N 
AlphaGo owed by Google the Genius of geniuses
 niccolewill Try this.. 


CEO of  Google at his school.  INCIndia's tharki Nehru Hall.  OfficeOfRG Not even knew property of his ancestor. An… 
Journeyman Electrician For Hire

Get the app from the Play Store

Best Article generator online its FREE! | Yeni KHK  WordPress, Yoast  SEO and  Google Sitelinks Searchbox
Congrats to our dear friend  marthamaccallum for her new role on  FoxNews 
Google Patches Security Holes in Android Bootloader for Nexus Devices 
Wartortle available until 07:28:22pm (29m 47s). Water Gun / Ice Beam (93.33% - 12/15/15) 
Binary options <b>trading</b> tools  currency
How does a bastard, orphan, son of whore and a Scot... — I don't even need to google that to know it's from ... 
A new  STAR on the rise is  LaDomour and his debut album on  Broken. Check him out:  R&B  Artist
Google Maps:  221b  187NorthGowerSt  Sherlock:  
Only selected Hindi super hit video songs are included in bollyhits 
Japan Exchange Group cleared to adopt fintech 
You bet this is a  replayem clip 
Yup, it's one of those  replayem tunes 
New reality show. 2 Google robots picked to live in a house, to find out what happens when robots stop being polite...and start getting real
vickyappleyard Mind if we jump in? Here's how to tell if your account was spoofed or compromised: 
Top story: Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry  |  TechCrunch see more 
RSA: Dratini 64.44% (7/13/9/Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) till 16:19:57 (21m 45s).
CP for lvl30+: 399

I've unlocked a new area of my Island!  Androidgames  Android  Gameinsight
Bosch puts cybersecurity first with keyless entry, central gateway - CNET 
Lafayette lawyer eyes 3rd District seat  lawyer
Falllllllse GoogleE HARDER 
 ExponetUSA Thanks for sharing the blog "Getting your Event's details in Google results (^AG
JamesMArcher: karindann and elsewhere... 
The page ti.le is one of the most important things that Google evaluates to determine what is.on a web page. (HubSpot)
JamesMArcher: MericaFreedom1 
Newborn Baby Boy Saved After He Was Abandoned in a Laundry Basket Inside a Catholic Church  LifeNewsHQ

Overhearing 20-ish "enterprise VC investor" advise a student on internships.  
He: Remember when Google had a social network?
She: No..way..
JamesMArcher: Thor_Sun BS didn't lose to Trump. Clinton did. 
 AI: Waterloo researchers help launch and demonstrate new autonomous vehicle 
Kate Frank Pierson reached new skill level in exploring the picture "Festive Di... 
Oscars: Why the Academy Often  
 RADIO  TOP40 Now Playing  Hymn For The Weekend  Coldplay  APPS Apple Google 
Provocative New Insights From the Largest Consumer Sleep Study Ever Released - Huffington Post  Sleep  AI
NEW DONNIE MCCLURKIN AND KAREN CLARK SHEARD 2009   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
West Ham's Cup run ends before pretty much anyone else's starts. Impressive even by their standards 
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 57.78% (6/5/15). Moves: Rock Smash,Bulldoze. At None Chestnut St. 15m 30s left. 
This google home tight lol
Is Barnes and Noble a good place to post porn? Yup 


More trans Ichi~
 mtracey  NYDailyNews What about all those voters purged by the  CorruptDNC. How quickly they forget...
Only Google keyboard suggested.
'One Day at a Time' Gets a Mo 
Vale's (VALE) Stock Looks Promising on Growth Initiatives 
 lkthomas1952  ZodiacTank  LaurieinRI  realDonaldTrump linda a short google search tell me you have HIV?
 haley_theriot do those chrome books actually get to use google docs or microsoft?🙄  salty
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
If you can forget the past, it will not hurt you; pain forgotten do not hurt. - MJ (
Cristiano Ronaldo When Was a Kid download our app to watch match online  cristianoronaldo … 
Flying Delhi to Mumbai on AI 747? You can check in up to 50 kilos  lowcost  flights
 EstebanSantiago-Ruiz  AirCanada claims no passenger by that name. The finger of sabbabah? The scarf a Keffiyeh?… 
Person of interest sought in St. Pete shootings - -- -
 game  android  underwater Good addictive game  
【超目玉】Cecilio 2Series SS-280 Gold Lacquer Straight Bb Soprano Saxophone + Mouthpiece ...: Cecilio 2Series…  二次小説
Save Time When You Outsource These 5 Content Marketing Tasks to a Virtual Assistant [Infographic] 
Just Pinned to Inspirational Quotes: inspiring words for kids - Google Search             … 
mood: google translating tungle from english, to make up the mess, i kinda feel BoeingD like, leaked a MONTH in advance
Ridgeland Police seeking person of interest in robbery - WJTV -- -
Tim O'Brien Homes settles lawsuit over home design plans  design
FBR will submit comments on Punjab''s professional tax proposal 
Should B2B marketing show empathy? Seriously? 
Import stage: FBR concerned over massive misuse of exemption certificates 
22 state entities claiming audit immunity 
Mono Inc. – Together Till The End: Mono Inc. – Together Till The End (CD-Review). Januar 06, 2017…  music  reviews
Keep businessmen in the loop for boosting exports, PM Nawaz directs his financial team 
Google news full rss  domain  adwords ‼️ How Guest Blogging Is Becoming Mainstream…
Federal Board of Revenue (FBR), Government of Pakistan 
G+: Canon PowerShot G3 X review With a 1-inch sensor and 24x zoom, the PowerShot G3 X is an excellent mega-zoom… 
[The Lakes] Flareon (IV: 46%) until 04:27:53PM at 2771 S Buffalo Dr 
So himself cataloged fagot vote.1 by way of google within 40 days - my unperceivable automation ass-licker: hYlG
[Bedok] Vaporeon (IV: 66%) until 08:27:51AM at  E Coast Park Service Rd 
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 31.11% (3/1/10). Moves: Mud Slap,Bulldoze. At 1927 N Ocean Blvd. 21m 56s left. 
I'll never forget this game when Aaron Harrison was confronted by Arkansas fan Rod Winkler. 
 RoanhorseBex. Learn short story structure. This will save you a couple of years. Get thee to Lester Dent's Plot Formula. Google it.
Thank you   LindseyBlass1 for adding your  sketchnote to notes from  TheTechProfe session at  clstech17
Google Brain Residency Program – 7 months in and looking ahead comm: 
Don't forget to download the breaking new Google Maps application for iPhone (free)!
Google Is Changing How Call Extensions Show in 2 Weeks – Here's What You Need to Know  SEO
Check out GPlayCUBE for a free  25 Google Play code! 
Charizard available until 07:25:30pm (27m 33s). Wing Attack / Flamethrower (82.22% - 11/15/11) 
Happy Last Day of Christmas! 
6 Figure Blogger Reveals How To Make Money Blogging   success 
BOT0855]BBC LIVE NEWS AP*TALK CHAT AP*
 ContrarianConan  Then there is Brexit. Just do a google search. Russia did the same thing. 
Check out new game - 4 fotos 1 youtuber! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
Sixers vs Celtics Preview by our new writer  CodyGorman!

 SixersNation  TrustTheProcess

Please give it a read!


 LocalMobFigurez Perform during  4/20WKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
source: 
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  God Put A Smile Upon Your Face  Coldplay  APPS Apple Google 
Total cost for all these tools  99 because  sketchapp costs that (and is well worth it). The google stuff and gimp are free.
 lancercalina google be spying on our searches lol
"Watching two Google Homes trying to have a conversation is the best thing you'll see today"  android  feedly 
Rocket logged on to Google Sheets. 
✺ Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
Google Certified Associate Android Developer exam by  google  and  udacity  just passed!!
 SamsungUK has the Google Play movies app been removed from Samsung Smart Tv? I have just updated software to 1480 and its gone! Help
Now there's always the illusion at least the answer is out there if you just Google the right terms. But often give up bc morass of dreck.
Venusaur till 01:27:27 (29m 47s). 35.56%. A/D/S: 5/8/3. Vine Whip, Sludge Bomb. 
 karindann and elsewhere... 
 ThropeLycan  lucialiljegren  planet3org Ah, the old fake Time cover - thanks  gregladen for having exposed that!
How to Approach SEO as Google Moves to a Mobile-First Index:  searchengineoptimization  webrank
Watch: Two Google Home bots bicker over the meaning of life, 'Zelda' quotes 
Good  vr  interview  nfalstein
Q&A:  Google's chief game designer explores the potential of virtual reality 
I just got a score of 3479 in  GunnerZ on Mission 58 Can you beat it!?
GoogleE NEWS FULL RSS from your keyword choice!  domain  LinkBuilding Ecommerce startup CloudCraze raises  20…
Don't google then tell me
Upcoming Product Campaigns on Social Media for Retailers in UK by Wholesale Carrier Bags 
 poke_corona  yeah i found it off google.... thought it was dope too 😏
Jolteon (IV: 46%) until 04:21:58PM at 2100 S Highland Ave 
 SeaWorldTyler got you again 😴
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  tech 
Track your New Year's fitness goals with Google Calendar: New Year's resolutions are a lot… 
 LTB_Her I had to google what "Tribbing" was... lol
 andyrosebrook  ericgarland Presidency, he's enriched himself immensely since the election. 

Concrete comes to to life! Miraculous creations by Leslie Fry.  lfry  
Welcome Limes Audio to G Suite: Today, we’re excited to announce the acquisition…  gsuite… 
 BrendanEich I don't know anything beyond what was blogged. 
These Gadgets Are Designed To Save Your Sleep  insomnia  sleep
R.P. Campany by Yuraaj kahi bhi, kuch bhi. (Budget: ₹12500 - ₹37500 INR, Jobs: Facebook Marketing, Google Plus, Pi…
 Google GuyKawasaki: Catharsis of the day: machine vs stump 
Nora listens while you sleep, nudges you when you snore  insomnia  sleep
District 214 delays start of school day to get kids more sleep  insomnia  sleep
How To Increase google Adsense earning  YouTube QueremosNXZeroNoRIR  FridayFeeling  OmPuri FLL Airport Fort Laude
My Google Home just called me the most amazing person in the universe.... Take that you all
Google: vickyappleyard Mind if we jump in? Here's how to tell if your account was spoofed or compromised: 
Ready for social media?

 SocialMedia  SMM  Marketing  Business  Google  Facebook  Twitter  Manchester 
Go and check our page "Niall Horan Promo" there's everything you need to know to help This Town do well on charts:

【 Google Alert - iasb 】 Outgoing SEC chair White: Keep on converging accounting standards 
I am not Google. Use your smartphone/computer as you tweeted me. Look up your own info. Calling me an obscenity and deleting = Block.  ableg
 akemor  AOL you don't believe read Google
Charizard available until 05:25:07pm (27m 46s). Ember / Flamethrower (82.22% - 14/11/12) 
Google imaged hamstring acl graft... ya, my mistake...  tossingcookies  whatdidtheydotome  greatanthesia
This is so iron range!! 
These two Google Home bots keep arguing. They just got in a tiff because one forgot the other's name  GeneticJen 
Image: The Director of the Seven Last Words of Christ - The Seven Last ... 
Jon Erik Johansson (Walking through Shadows) - Google+ 
Bloomberg: Thousands of Jobs at Risk as Modi Plans Company Sell-Offs. 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NETFLIX WATCH 
How to Get Google to Instantly Index Your New Website 
Vehicle Accident, WOODLAND DR / ALCOSTA BLVD, SAN RAMON (1/6/2017 3:56:51 PM) 
Coming soon: Your Google Assistant on Android TV and more: When we announced… 
Final 2016 Jobs Report Marks 75 Consecutive Months of Growth.  
DNC 'Russian Hacking' Conclusion Comes from Google-Linked Firm 
BMW i and Tango test drive a new app: Purchasing a car can be a huge decision, and there are…… 
[JavaScript] Need help parsing Google Sheets JSON objects for HTML table 

I am using a Google Sheets spreadsheet …
Snorlax available until 07:26:25pm (29m 19s). Lick / Hyper Beam (62.22% - 12/15/1) 
Rhydon (IV: 24%) until 04:25:20PM at 3516-3598 N Irv Marcus Dr 
Hurry up to check it  template "GeoFinder"   android
[Sengkang] Arcanine (IV: 64%) until 08:26:46AM at 6 Seletar West Farmway 1 
 Shansdoe the google pull up had me dyyyyyinnnggggggg though
In the antebellum U.S.  a white slaver just bought a person's friend. 
The top Google searches of 2016 
⁉️
© google 
 euponhoemcausaomeritodobenfica 
 contratudocontratodosecontraostolos… 
Feedback wanted! Take our survey about switching to electronic newsletters and enter to win a  50 Co-op gift card. 
Social Media and Business Tips : Google Chrome update 
Emmanuel Adebayor trains with Togo ahead of AFCON via 
Can you guess brand logos from icons? Download mobile  IconicLogoQuiz for free: 
Never saw such a tiny   Vampire !
  100YearsLove
iOS：Android：
This is Santi: I just popped 323 balloons in Jerry's Game! 
When I'm not using sketch to develop and communicate game designs I use google sheets, docs, and slides. Gimp for image editing. That's it.
 Tonestar666  Thanks 4 adding me!  Music  ART  Poetry   Store~ tessieART  RadioShow  LightInTheDarkRadio : 
 Ice_mocha420  Michelle_T_WW it means open bra/non-covered bra. Just google for images for examples.
Google Developers Blog:Some Tips for Boosting your App's Quality in 2017 via  google
<b>Celebrity</b> Big Brother 2017: Jedward return for second stint and all the housemates… 
Auburn High School athlete's death should be 'wake-up call,' pastor tells mourners 
Dalia Dippolito to remain on house arrest, judge rules Friday - Sun Sentinel 
Shellder available until 07:26:35pm (29m 47s). Ice Shard / Icy Wind (48.89% - 2/8/12) 
Tortank available until 01:24:59 (29m 44s). **IVs:** 55.56% (4/14/7)   pokemon  creteil  france
Charizard available until 07:26:35pm (29m 47s). Wing Attack / Flamethrower (62.22% - 5/8/15) 
In-situ Assembly Ultrathin PtRh Nanowires to  Graphene Nanosheets as Highly Efficient ...  news
Venusaur available until 07:20:05pm (23m 18s). Razor Leaf / Petal Blizzard (77.78% - 5/15/15) 
 neiltyson Frankincense, a gummy resin,  is also called Boswellia, it is used for pain relief when crushed to a powder. google Boswellia.
⁉️
© google 

 euponhoemcausaomeritodobenfica 
 contratudocontratodosecontraostolos… 
A Rivets Short Story  shortreads
 Google and  Yahoo both use goats to trim their lawns. 🤓  welovefacts via qikipedia 
 IAMCOACHKING Perform during  NBoeingALLSTARWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
Listening to the google home bots chatting and the little girl starts answering their questions.
The Hollywood Reporter: CES: Barry Diller Calls Hollywood Movies "Horrible Thing" Facing "Profound Dislocation" 
If you duct taped a Google Home or Amazon Echo too a Roomba you would essentially have a personal-assistant/house-keeping droid.
Grimer available until 07:07:06pm (10m 32s). Mud Slap / Sludge Bomb (44.44% - 5/7/8) 
 GaladonGaming  ChiefPat  OJeveryday  Clash_with_Ash  MOLT_YT  witelightingHWD  nickatnyteYT please get me 10   goo… 
 Codysostoked women don't get mammograms at PP 
Trump statement differs from intelligence report on hacking affecting election outcome 
Wartortle appeared! IV: 68.89% (10/13/8). Moves: Bite,Hydro Pump. At None Rosemary Ln. 28m 43s left. 
A Twitch Live Stream of Two Google Home Devices Having an Absurd Conversation With Each Other via  LaughingSquid
 Carmelitooooo Google translate is your friend
Redondo Beach - Charmeleon Available until 04:26:17pm (29m 48s). 
Xylum '17 app now live here:  speechanddebate  realwaynetang  GDSdebate  forensicate  johnvitz0  I_Study_Wumbo
Coffee increases sarcasm, like a billion times. 
 NSTechClub is off to a great start coding games with Google CS First!  MTPSPride  NutSwampNation  friend 
Thousands of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other on Twitch 
MIT scientists create super strong, lightweight 3D  graphene  news 
 NP  COOLKID - Zen sur  j237Radio  J237Radio 
Thank you  udacity and  Google for the scholarship. Can't wait to start the Android Development Path!! Thank you for this opportunity.
Kim Burrell uninvited from Trailblazers of Gospel Music Awards | Page Six 
Gamasutra's predictions for the game industry in 2017 
 youmashorg The search engine that provides privacy with blazing speeds and accuracy!  Startup  YouMash  Google 
 KianLawley  jccaylen  KianAndJc I made a book report on your book.  take a look. tell me if you like it❤️❤️❤️❤️

We also have Google, with an incomprehensible amount of data at their disposal and just under 2 billion Android devices, entering the fight.
 16 stunning photos that will… 
🔊TWEETSHEET SUPPORT  AUSTRALIA  CANBERRA🔊FEBRUARY 9 2017🔊 ProtestDogMeatTrade  SouthKorea➡
I had to google it. War and Twitter are the devil's way of making you study history.
.
.
and geography 
Honda Shows Self-Balancing But Non-Gyro Bike 
"Amazon to Open Retail Store in Manhattan at Time Warner Center" by NICK WINGFIELD via NYT… 
 Google ForbesTech: U.S. spies agree: Putin ordered massive pro-Trump election hacks 
South Central Division responding to '41/11B - Burg Busn in Progress' at 200 blk E Overton Rd | Beat 724 | | 17:53
Kerry says U.S. encouraging Astana talks on Syria as step to peace 
We Are Not the World 
Machop appeared! IV: 48.89% (3/8/11). Moves: Low Kick,Low Sweep. At 2802 N Ocean Blvd. 6m 22s left. 
It looks like the Surface Studio, but the Dell Canvas is taking aim at Wacom 
30,000 people are watching two Google Home devices getting very philosophical

this  cbb is a lot like a celebrity Stanford Prison Experiment (google if ya dunno), only instead of prisoners/guards, it's talent/producers
Phillies adding increased protective netting to CBP for 2017 
Seven years after ending the Winston sponsorship,  NASCAR banned tobacco companies from sponsoring teams.  FBF 
Code 10 announced at the airport. Google it with great concern to discover it means "blocked toilet"
 BoeingLI NEWS -  The Internet really wants to know where Bali is - 
Who should call the Home Run Derby now that Chris Berman is out? 
Apparently I dont know how to google
 e428k or should i say.... 谢谢? i copied this from google
With Chris Berman leaving, which broadcaster do you want to call the Home Run Derby? 
CES for Marketers: Alexa Wows, Virtual Reality Underwhelms 
May 6: Derby for Diabetes  diabetes 
In Break With Precedent, Obama Envoys Are Denied Extensions Past Inauguration Day 
City proclaims Wednesday Baseball Day 
Andy Appleby 
Avoiding diabetes: health program, screening offered  diabetes 
Google:Study documents yellow cedar decline due to climate warming - Statesman Journal 
Hilarious. I could watch this all night - Two Google Home chatbots have an endless conversation: 
Cafe could close with house conversion -  florists
Events On Tap For Downtown Las Cruces  NativeAmerican
Google android, surge conjunction impending years for smartphones: Pft 
Thousands of people are taking a break from work today to watch two Google Homes duke it out 
Donald Trump inauguration schedule of events, performers and inaugural balls  NativeAmerican
SAF Needs You At Congressional Action Days -  florists
Rutgers softens penalties for marijuana use by athletes 
auto body paint prepper: We have a autobody prepers position / painters helper open. Must be able to work in a… 
Germany hints at payments for colonial-era Namibia killings 
Lost Hanukkah gifts found by side of the road in Beverly Hills 
Japan culling 210000 birds amid spreading avian flu - Yahoo Singapore News  SecurityBill… 
Contactless transactions up 166 percent in 2016 
Smartest Dog | Top 10 Smartest Dogs in The World 2017 |German Shepherd,Poodle,Boxer,Golden ...  Dog
Hey! Tune into Grab the APP at the AppStore or Google Play!!  FreeDem_Music
King of dark fantasy. Summon today. App Store: Google Play:  DarkSummoner
Auburn chiropractor to vie for  10000 prize Sunday on CMT network show -  chiro
[Summerlin] Flareon (IV: 48%) until 04:13:02PM at 1551 Vegas Dr 
Celebrity-powered march planned in Park City the day after inauguration  -  ows
Sterling chiropractor wants to help his clients Live Better -  chiro
Get relief from arthritis pain -  chiro
Politics podcast: Gov. Roy Cooper's first week  podcasting
Surgery usually not needed for pinched nerves 
 YYCRed and he texted me this the other day. Had to Google translate it lol 
Storefront for Art and Architecture announces new fellowship and project to research architecture ...  -  ows
How Your Chiropractor Knows You're a Cyclist -  chiro
Politics podcast: Gov. Roy Cooper's first week  podcast
Kalachakra 2017 at Bodhgaya - His Holiness the Dalai Lama Leads an Interfaith Prayer for World Peace at 34th… 
Doctors on Liens Announces the Prominent Chiropractic Medical Group, Twins Wellness, Adds a ... -  chiro
Goodbye  Google  KeywordPlanner, Hello  KeywordResearch Using  PPC.  marketingprofs
So could someone please tell me what happened in Fort Lauderdale so I don't have to waste data on Google
‘If we encounter a man of rare intellect, we should ask him what  books he reads’ The Secret Revealed -… 
 luminoussam here's the link to the news story: 
Former Sharon mayor at Fort Lauderdale airport 
Cardinal installed as new leader of Archdiocese of Newark 
PREVENTABLE Close BgroundChkLoopholes. NO Permitless carry. Human Life First  Enough  EndGunViolence  tedcruz
‘Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve’ “Think And Grow Rich” –… 
[39] Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry  realtime 
 vickyappleyard Mind if we jump in? Here's how to tell if your account was spoofed or compromised: 
 lzadbn  BestTwlt all depends on your phone.. jus google it for your phone
’There’s nothing wrong with reading a  book you love over and over’  “Once Upon A Time” - 
 mattcamgif here's just one example 😊
Right now there are 30,000 people, 30,000 people watching two google AI bots talk to eachother on twitch..... 😑
from here on out my response is “google it” & it’s not sarcasm because this should be the most credited source for a dumb or smart nigga.
Retweeted ✦Anonymous✦ ( h0t_p0ppy):

👈Tweets Whales need your help.   Iceland  continues... 
‘There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a  book and the tired man who wants a… 
 mmsamii EXO Taiwan Promo Photocard *Rare EXO-M Version ☆  20 / QYOP more info: 
Venusaur available until 07:25:08pm (29m 26s). Razor Leaf / Solar Beam (71.11% - 13/10/9) 
Eternal Moments - Volume Two -  books  fb  poetry  poems  createspace  cristianbutnariu… 
Snorlax 38% (5/8/4) zen headbutt fast/earthquake) till 
Google does this to us all of the time. You need to be routed into that specific test, click the link & take a screenshot (hard to find)
DNC ‘Russian Hacking’ Conclusion Comes from Google-Linked Firm 
Bulbasaur is available until 07:24:21pm (28m 34s).IVs: 91.11% Fast Move: Vine Whip, Charge Move: Power Whip 
Pikachu available until 05:52:38pm (57m 0s). Quick Attack / Thunderbolt (91.11% - 15/13/13) 
 mackhlomore *google scream music plays in the backround*
The Truth About God -  books  fb  JesusChrist  createspace  cristianbutnariu The Most… 
 FreeleeBG  RealYourofsky  peta, use THIS: instead of  Google, & your internet searches will PLANT TREES w  Ecosia!
: Size 22 Woman Writes Open Letter To Bullies Who Laughed At Her In The Gym. 
 jmdons007 for anyone who doesn't know and is lazy to Google,  that means my eyes are different colours. Not really that special is it? XD
Google Hit with Federal Labor Lawsuit 
The Never Ending Story – Volume One -  books  fairytales  cristianbutnariu The Never… 
I googled who he claimed I am and google recommended scooters.
Seaking until 18:25:18 (29m 45s). Moves:Poison Jab/Megahorn. IVs:48.89% (3/7/12)   30416-30448 TX-249 
[Jurong West] Snorlax (IV: 40%) until 08:24:59AM at 152 Yung Ho Rd 
Jolteon (IV: 15%) until 04:24:48PM at 800-854 N Mojave Rd 
Legendary Warriors and Mystical Giants – Volume One –  books  fairytales  cristianbutnariu… 
Business Development Manager - AI  AI botscamp
 isaacinspace Set safe search to “on” since Google’s algorithm is obviously basing its results on your past searches.
We're available at the App Store/Google Play/BlackBerry World

Orphans of killed militants receiving scholarships from J&K Govt. - P&Gurus 
 dahmer_ebooks it's like otherkin but for pedophilia, I think? Just don't Google it.
Google aims to boost Python by turning it into Go 
The crack in this Antarctic ice shelf just grew by 11 miles. A dramatic break could be imminent.

Today we kicked off 2017 with the awesome  GDG UK & Ireland Community Summit   Google London office! It was also Em… 
 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  Urgent  Foreigner  APPS Apple Google 
 Dreammy Google reportedly "very interested" in purchasing SoundCloud for  500 million. Read Blog: 
 benthompson enjoyed as usual. Why 'OS' instead of 'platform'? Google and Fb as platforms well described. Just for comparison to MS?
Two  Austrian and  Georgian helicopter companies will begin offering  heli-skiing in the country’s top  winter… 
The model adehot90 is now live! En vivo por  camgirl  sex  webcam 
THIS IS MASSIVE!!!!!  China announces ban on  ivory trade! 
Tales of Historic Delhi – The Third Volume -  books  fairytales  cristianbutnariu Best… 
 UFO Chilean officials can't identify a strange IR signal seen by its Navy 
 United  States  President-Elect Donald  Trump’s company has pulled out of a proposed  250-million tower project… 
Cybersecurity Experts Stress Trump Must Take Russian Attack On Democracy Seriously - Forbes  CyberSecurity
Bosch puts cybersecurity first with keyless entry, central gateway - CNET  CyberSecurity
Napoleon Bonaparte – Volume One -  books  fb  history  cristianbutnariu Keeping the Love… 
Brenda white gathered the collection Prophetic objects! 
 Wonderful  skiing  resorts of  Georgia gives possibility for the  travelers to  enjoy pleasure of  skiing either… 
Sick of running out of Salon towels?? 
Snow-maggedon has been threatened once again. Of course, here in North Carolina, it only… 
President Obama Issues Proclamation on National Slavery and <b>Human…  ExpressHatred
Who will top the Sub Racer leaderboard? iPhone:  Android: 
The Art of Personal Development -  books  fb  cristianbutnariu    
Gastonia temple aims to put <b>stop</b> to <b>human trafficking</b>  ExpressHatred
 thenewfem Rainbow? That's new. Google is designed to give what you relate to. (Interest based) your tracking marke… 
I liked a  YouTube video from  fun2draw Artist VS Google Ai | Quick, Draw! ❤ Fun Art
Let's not forget Atom 1 in their victory year... 
Current ISS position is above -21.785776477758,-145.36338496373 
Amazon Finally Buys Into Google PLAs; Snap Inc. Purchases An AR Startup 
 Thor_Sun BS didn't lose to Trump. Clinton did. 
Part 3, Five Real People, Five Real Cannabis Jobs - Leafly 
 Ten9Promo Purchase 'Forward' by  FLAME314 HERE:
Google Play: Cop=|||||||||||||!!!  ClearSightMusic
Who will top the Sub Racer leaderboard? iPhone:  Android:   gamedev… 
 Android  Tablets Google Nexus 7 Android Tablet 32GB (2012)  Tablet  Deals 
 KimKardashian  Deal New Sealed Kim Kardashian Parfum Rollerball/eau Toilette Spray/Body Lotion  Google  Fashion
 SATELO88 Don't thank me. Thank my Google Home lol
Blastoise available until 07:23:31pm (28m 23s). Bite / Flash Cannon (44.44% - 4/1/15) 
Google Calendar wants to help you lose all that holiday weight with new fitness features 
 SeanInTheSky there have been many incidences of racial assaults by Trump supporters google is your friend
Google Patches Android  CustomBootModeVulnerability 
 Google and  Yahoo both use goats to trim their lawns. 🤓  welovefacts via  qikipedia 
 SahabaKuj ah, btw, google it after you get a degree.
"Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th"  tech  feedly
Thousands of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other on Twitch via /r/technology 
 NickiMinaj  Deals *NEW* Nicki Minaj 4 pcs Gift Set The Pinkprint Perfume 1.7oz & 2 Lip Pencils  Google  Trend
"Australian operator Telstra opens Androidland; the  worlds first  Android  store"  mobile 
Rack of Wild Boar with Blueberry Balsamic Reduction 
Grimer available until 07:19:45pm (24m 43s). Mud Slap / Sludge (57.78% - 10/3/13) 
A wild Charizard has appeared! Available until 02:24:47 (29m 47s). 
Thanks, kevin king, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
A wild Blastoise has appeared! Available until 01:24:44 (29m 46s). 
Google Pixel Compatible Flat Cable Earbuds 3.5mm Stereo Headset Dual Earphones Blue - 
 hopiewope update: she's trying to google how to drive in snow
Google teams with Hidden Figures to bust stereotypes via  USATODAY
Best HomeKit-compatible smart home devices from CES 2017 
 TheSimScraper  thesimplynando  SimGuruGraham (I had a panic and had to google that to make sure she actually sang it)
21 Google Tricks and Shortcuts That Will Make Your Daily Life Much Easier 
IL Gov. Bruce Rauner proclaims January 'Radon Action Month' 
Want to stay competitive in today’s environment? Take a cue from some of the best. 
When  Google answers a question, it sometimes gives high billing to  fakenews.  TomMaher_soc  UofA explains why 
the Google for federal information, to find data to use in policy discussions  student vets  natcon2017  learning
def had to google ALL of these before I voted and peeped that there was no "all of the above" option thnx 
 withanE you can google im not your researcher
Charmeleon appeared! IV: 64.44% (14/2/13). Moves: Scratch,Flamethrower. At 3024 Shallow Pond Dr. 26m 38s left. 
 michaelbuddy blame Google
y'all gotta speed up your GBoard emoji updates fam.  google
South Prepares for Snow as 73 Million Nationwide Face Brutal Weather - CNBC  GN
Replay everything that ever happened in a  google docs file  infosec 
It is increasingly clear Apple will not build a smart home speaker to take on Echo & Alexa, Google Home & Assistant, & what we see at CES.
Fri "First Post" from   AK4SB: Hammond v. Walker. Our view of the fiscal policy debate in this years  AKleg session. 
I used to pay with google at McDonald's and got 5  off hella lit lmao
 CarrieFisher 's Urn Is a Huge  Prozac Pill. Apt. 
 realDonaldTrump Why didn't you tweet 


Android 'Gooligan' Hackers Just Scored The Biggest Ever Theft Of Google Accounts 
 Everytown  HuffPostPol This CCW knew the dangers of playing good guy 
 pato_pitaluga because Google knows you better than you think 👁
More pervy videos!!! 😇🎀 if you think I'm cute purchase my premium SnapChat!?  100 via google wallet ✨ email in bio~… 
Former Wilton youth ministry worker accused of child sex crimes 
Odell Beckham Jr. Became A  Lyft Driver And It Was Awe...  freeride  freerides  rideshare 
Please tweet for  Blackfish Tilikum & for all the victims of captivity &greed  IAmTilikum 
This Kremlin leader bragged about tipping a U.S. presidential election 
Rosedoretha Pringle completed an achievement! 
Did you miss my session but still want to check it out?  Here are my slides:  clstech17
Stylish Carpets (Free delivery)  flooring
Amazing 2 Bedrooms, 1 Bathroom units with newer carpets and paint  flooring
AVAILABLE! 1x1 Apt with New Carpets and Refinished Counters!  flooring
Removing baking soda that is stuck inside of carpet?  flooring
I just had to google the word kitchen because after typing my last tweet it didn't even look like a real word
Tesla Motors, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) Has An Impact Score Of 76 
Spin win and watch your luck 
Sports Quiz-Challenging Trivia 
The threat of doxxing, y'all: today, it's verified accounts. Tomorrow, it's anyone who's ever showed up on a Google search.
I'd feel sorry for any city that would have to deal with this unhealthy psycho as a mayor. 
daily reminder to vote for the art thief fic aka I Don't Blame You Much (for wanting to be free) for best ao3 fic: 
Google Search:

Sky diving while drinking a milkshake.
 fluffyguy so, I'm kind of a fat piece of shit and too lazy to Google when the Dallas show is. When is that?
A good Charizard appeared! It will be in BRISTOL until 7:42 PM.   BristolPokes  BRISTOL 
 RADIO  TOP40 Now Playing  Don't Wanna Know ft Kendrick Lamar  Maroon 5  APPS Apple Google 
Fort Lauderdale airport shooting suspect carried weapon in his baggage, law enforcement official says - Los Angeles… 
Abra Zen Headbutt/Psyshock  35.56% (3/13/0)- Despawns   16:18:55 (24m 29s timer). Times may not be accurate 
The three most visited websites are Google, Facebook and YouTube, in that order.  fact  quotes
It's been so long since I've taken a math class I just had to google what a prime number is.
Above & Beneath: Featured Content Layout Effect

 OrlandoMagic Randy Shannon must avoid becoming Herbert Hoover of Gators defense  SportsRoadhouse
Kim Kardashian Ignores Claims About Lack Of 'Passion' In Her Marriage To Kanye West By Posting MORE Family ... -…… 
 RennJohnny Whether, and who in, the kremlin is leaking them information. For starters. It’s called sources and methods. Google it.
 OrlandoMagic Houston Rockets vs Orlando Magic game time, TV schedule and more  SportsRoadhouse
Kim Kardashian Ignores Claims About Lack Of 'Passion' In Her Marriage To Kanye West By Posting MORE Family ... -… 
 MboroPoliceDept Any way to ask for a road/intersection to be salted and plowed? needs it as ppl like to drift here.
 OrlandoMagic Houston Rockets vs. Orlando Magic game preview  SportsRoadhouse
Read Every Word of Michelle Obama's Final Speech as FLOTUS 
 HardTech CES Day Two Highlights: Fitbit, Pregnancy Wearables, IoT Gets Serious 
 HardTech AI-Enhanced Wearables Offer Personal Fitness Coaching 
EMF is disruptive to our health In this video I tell you why and what to do about it 
 4xchat  China's three-trillion-dollar question: the yuan or forex reserves? 
 4xchat  EUR/USD Forecast Jan. 9-13 
Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry - TechCrunch 
Charmeleon appeared! IV: 66.67% (11/8/11). Moves: Ember,Fire Punch. At 1527 4th Ave. 7m 7s left. 
Multilanguages Google news full rss  serp  SEO ☑️ The Dallas Cowboys Best Kept Secret In…
Convert any  KEYWORD to GoogleE NEWS FULL RSS |  UPKiUdaan The Ultimate Checklist to Building an Optimized…
TheRegister: mpesce 6th floor :)
Jobs in Demand 
Sean Spicer: Trump Tweets 'Drive the News' - via 
How hard is it to find a job as a software developer in Berlin? 
Google Brain Residency Program – 7 months in and looking ahead 
Front and back covers revealed for The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess Vol. 1 manga: A look at the front and… 
 Google verge: T-Mobile is making customer bills much simpler 
In the antebellum U.S.  a black person's child was just traded. 
Bosnian actor sells Berlin film trophy to survive  indiefilm  representationmatters news
Text from Gmail or Facebook on your computer, using your current Android phone number!   mightytext  android  SMS
Check out new game - quizz Gossip Girl! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
 pudcast245  nycjim  MiaFarrow wow...fbi asked dnc for access to servers..they declined..had to go third party...google and educate yourself
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th - 
 RADIO  90s  juice Now Playing  Disappointed  Electronic  APPS Apple Google 
Setting out goals for success is the first step.

 perriesdimpless Abu Dhabi is the capital city of the UAE according to google
How much can police find out from a murderer's Echo? 
Diagram of patent US5443036 (method of exercising a cat). Brought to my attention by my amazing team. Happy Friday!… 
Google Cloud Platform for OpenStack Users:  
The long history of the U.S. interfering with elections elsewhere 
 OthelloWxR  GMSHTOUR during  NEWYEARS in MIAMI. Click here 4 performance info: 
Porygon appeared! IV: 62.22% (9/6/13). Moves: Zen Headbutt,Signal Beam. At 100-198 Main St. 26m 25s left. 
Blastoise available until 07:23:33pm (29m 47s). Bite / Ice Beam (71.11% - 14/5/13) 
Google Pushes Virtual Reality Harder With New Phones From Partners - China Daily Asia 
A wild Spearow has appeared! Available until 02:23:10 (29m 26s). 
Hot  android  app: Mobo Market - Explore the top and the best app on google play store

Mobo Ma... 
Graveler until 18:23:27 (29m 46s). Moves:Rock Throw/Stone Edge. IVs:60.00% (8/7/12)   22605 TX-249 
The Google Homes chatting on Twitch veer wildly from 'Singularity first date' to 'cranky married couple' & back:


When you’re finished with an essay, copy and paste it into Google Translate and listen to it. It’s the easiest way to find mistakes
 ABC  abcnews 

How come this has not been reported lie the incident in Chicago? 

 
The Bantam 4s from 2015...EMHW champions! 
Twitch is home to two Google Home devices debating the existence of God


With the sound cleaned up a little  


3 Marijuana Stocks That Will Burn Out In 2017 -  PotBot 
 Google VOANews: VW in Advanced Talks for Multi-billion Settlement on US Criminal Probe 
Bulbasaur is available until 07:23:27pm (29m 46s).IVs: 80.00% Fast Move: Vine Whip, Charge Move: Seed Bomb 
I really wish Google Chrome was smart enough to realize the flash plug-in is taking up 100% of  available CPU, and offer to disable it.
[Mountain Shadows] Rhydon (IV: 64%) until 04:23:13PM at 4016 Bliss Canyon Ct 
CES Day Two Highlights: Fitbit, Pregnancy Wearables, IoT Gets Serious  iot  InternetofThings
FTC offering up to  25000 for help in securing IoT weaknesses  iot  InternetofThings
Call Types: Accident

Location: KIMBoeingLL ST & N GROVE AVE

Map Link: 
 quandles that's Arabic, lol you thought you could dump it in google translate ?😂
US warns of 'imminent' cyberattack threat on electrical grid - CNET  G
Anthem cyberattack perpetrated by foreign government, officials say - Healthcare IT News  G
 SteveCasull  celly321  mrp  realDonaldTrump Chrimmuh=Christmas. Google it. He was being facetious.
Snorlax available until 07:21:56pm (28m 31s). Lick / Hyper Beam (60.00% - 8/8/11) 
mpesce 6th floor :)
Charmeleon appeared! IV: 42.22% (14/0/5). Moves: Scratch,Fire Punch. At 1370 Green Sea Rd. 9m 12s left. 
FLIR Duo Thermal and Visible Drone Cameras - sUAS News - The ... - sUAS News  thermal  camera
.Awesome tweets by AnnieCushing on her choice for Paid Social Medium in GA. Her shared post here:  
Charizard! IV:15.56%,(0/4/3) till 04:23:06pm.   UBC 
The Guardian: Ramesh Praggnanandhaa and Nodirbek Abdusattorov race to break world record. 
OUT NOW  Omelly OMELLY  OnMyTimeVol2 On My Time Vol.2  Itunes  AppleMusic  Spotify  Google  Amazon… 
Central Division responding to '40 - Other' at 6100 blk N Central Serv Nb | Beat 141 | | 17:47
"google it" 
A wild Venusaur has appeared! Available until 01:23:01 (29m 47s). 
Northwest Division responding to '26/01- Missing Person-Critical' at 2900 blk Forest Ln | Beat 553 | | 17:48
My daughter's new favorite video game is the Google Chrome "network not available" page.
Central Division responding to '20 - Robbery' at 3500 blk Oak Lawn Ave | Beat 125 | | 17:48
 Briiiiyonce Any damn day of the week & it's dumb to think otherwise. All it takes is a Google search
 Google PlanetGreen: Forge the bread and milk -- try these 11 great snowstorm foods 
Election infrastructure gets 'critical' label for more federal protection 
New and important Critical Infrastructure and Resilience event for North America 
I reached level 180! Join me to WIN BIG in  WillyWonkaSlots 
 mrstyle25 Nothing on that yet. I'd bet Google will wait awhile. Home just came out in November.
Cybersecurity Experts Stress Trump Must Take Russian Attack On Democracy Seriously - Forbes 
Carrie Fisher's urn is shaped like a giant Prozac pill, like she would've wanted  Facebook  android  app go to 
image001.png 
Community member Scott shares a cool custom move he made for  Dungeon_World. I like it! 
The Complete Guide to Avoiding Google's Latest Penalty Against Popups via  mike_allton
Oregonian: Watch: Two Google Home bots bicker over the meaning of life, 'Zelda' quotes 
 HaegerJohn Samsung 🗑 that google pixel though
 ScottPresler Yeah, because Trump you know Mexico will go along with it. Suuuure... 
 jpickett941  amazingatheist Shit. I don't remember that. Google time!
I cant believe Ive never google searched my engagement ring before now
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM N°1 - FORCE ONE - MALOYA 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

 mmsamii ASTRO Eunwoo Summer Vibes Photocard Set ☆  15  [can be sold individually] more info:… 
Google buys Sweden's Limes Audio to boost Hangouts voice quality 
 LilyReynolds_ Nahh bing translate chats shit, Google is reliable af
 urgency  ConfettiPixie there's plenty of p common words that still throw me to this day. I google to confirm before making a fool of myself
My windows update is fucked. Won't update anyone.

Already scanned for all viruses and did everything google said to. Bleh.
But I’m tired and bored with people barging into my mentions and demanding evidence. Google it yourself. I'm not going to do your homework.
I googled what a normal body temp was because I forgot and the bitch have me herpes symptoms. Get the fuck, google
 GregFitzShow is waiting on Jan 20th so he can use that liberal mind and blame  trump for these shootings
 joerogan 

 axialcatwalk google is pretty clever
ATTENTION WESTMONT - The Village seeks your feedback regarding core programs & services - Click here -... 
Snorlax available until 07:22:28pm (29m 32s). Zen Headbutt / Hyper Beam (64.44% - 11/6/12) 
Google bought a company to improve Hangouts call quality 
What the heck is an interstitial and what is the penalty from Google all about?  Listen and learn! 
 XboxVenom_YT Frozen or shifting view counts are a regular part of our view validation process. Learn more here: 
Is anyone else experiencing this? 
 Google  Why Elon Musk has so much riding on SpaceX's upcoming rocket launch - 
My phone just decided to notify me that Air Canada flight 130 to Toronto is delayed by 25 minutes. 

I mean, thanks Google I guess
ATTENTION WESTMONT - The Village seeks your feedback regarding core programs & services - Click here - 
 Hannahh1D google
Compare&contrast these two attempts to search the news 
 alexandraerin Sorry if this is a FAQ, but is there anywhere to read Star Harbor Nights now? Buy it as an eBook, maybe? Google-fu failing…
Dratini available until 07:22:37pm (29m 47s). Dragon Breath / Twister (28.89% - 3/2/8) 
 samro7655 Did you hear that thing called "Google" :)
Google 😘😘 
Wikileaks’ Assange: Governments ‘hate transparency. They loathe it’ 
 DizRodOfficial Perform during  NBoeingALLSTARWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
Google Street Viewwwwwww
so if like everyone could fill this out please and thank you:)))))

Starting today, our EP is free to download: (or stream on Spotify, Apple Music, Google Play, or Tidal)  pdxmusic
 lonergabe Google has the best opinions of them all next time don't question it 😴😴
So maybe if your site has to do stuff so ppl can't see the answer from the google snippet... you're not providing a valuable service.
Charmeleon until 18:21:12 (28m 29s). Moves:Scratch/Flame Burst. IVs:44.44% (5/0/15)   22475 Texas 249 Access Rd 
Google Android max86902 Driver - 'sysfs' Interfaces Race Condition - 
 VanityFair  VFHIVE Something is going on.

 bellathorne if you don't want to be subtle I did this with her: Body Say 
These Incredible Photos Show How Fatherhood Works in Sweden Compared to America
dads role is important  economy
01/06/17 Friday Roundup
 
Hi  sanctuarycbus. I'll write ur review on  Facebook since there's no option 4 it on  Google. Was going 2 transfer my others neway. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 ✝️
 therealroseanne  Po_st  Such total bs.   Podesta can't control his google gmail account password, not a DNC Server email at all.
Google morgellons and you will never want to go outside again. Probably our fault with all the chemicals we have on earth...
Go Atom Div in EMHW! Memories from another year... 
When anti-malware vendors get into a slap fight, users lose - Network World  G
This Vicious New Malware Freezes Apple Computers - Fortune  G
Jolteon (IV: 53%) until 04:21:47PM at 4008 N Jory Trail 
NowPlaying : Knowz And Darkside - Knowledge 

 Android App 
 PeripouWebRadio
Venusaur available until 07:21:58pm (29m 27s). Razor Leaf / Solar Beam (44.44% - 8/5/7) 
Kabuto appeared! IV: 48.89% (13/4/5). Moves: Scratch,Rock Tomb. At 2100 N Ocean Blvd. 10m 6s left. 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won’t work after April 25th 
Gold Rush Season 7 Episode 13 Watch Online S07E13 Openload  news 
pushes you to the top of google, sends you qualified traffic, and gives you more customers! 
May not have been innocent but what they did was wrong.  JusticeForYassar  RIP ❤
This google home is everything!
 mmsamii ASTRO Sanha Spring Up Photocard Set ☆  10  [can be sold individually] more info: 
 michael_hendrix 
Source: Analysis: 
 Google GuyKawasaki: If Werner Herzog narrated Where’s Waldo 
A great Bisasam appeared! It will be in Ilmenau until 1:22.  
 QuotesFuller    Thanks 4 adding me!  Music  ART  Poetry   Store~ tessieART  RadioShow  LightInTheDarkRadio : 
Do your/"your" research on how Christianity(YESHUA/Jesus is the MESSIAH/TheChrist) is a continuation of Judaism… 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  Tech 
Docherty recalls winning the FA Cup and getting sacked via 
We finished season 1 of The Real L Word. The temptation to google what they're all doing now is real! But we don't wanna spoil seasons 2&3 😫
Paste rap lyrics into google translate and see what the text to speech lady says haha
Neal Roberson - Don t Let The Devil Ride   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
 PoliticBabe  brandon_kunis  CNN its sad because Shes the firat lady ever too appear like this. You can google her pussy too. Classy
Proposal on table to legalize pot in Connecticut 
 mennake The sources used aren't google. Would give u a heads up, but you look like the sort of he/she/it/they who stalks their exes. Sorry.
Automatic Alarm - E063, AR0854 - N Terminal Rd - Terminal Rd - 17:42 - 
Boi, you're sitting in Lewisville and taking pics off google. 
Google Patches Android Custom Boot Mode Vulnerability - Threatpost 
5 Creative Tools Used Every Day By Google, IDEO, and Other Innovation Firms  DanMaycock vía  Inc 
My dad programmed his name as "Big Shooter" in the Google Home and then asked it what his name was....cool Doug
Dratini available until 07:21:56pm (29m 47s). Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail (62.22% - 15/1/12) 
Algorithm is named after the 9th century Persian mathematician Al-Khwarizmi  math  science… 
Pretty sure I'm the only person in the world who isn't an Ed Sheeran fan....so much so I just had to Google I had spelt his name right then!
'Let others succeed': Google CEO Sundar Pichai's simple but effective leadership style - Quartz 
Italy Finally Admits Trump Was Right, Starts Deporting And Banning Muslim Refugees  RipEuropa
Motor Vehicle Incident - L084, E084 - Exit 57b N Ih 45 Fwy Ib - Aldine Bender Entr - 17:47 - 
I liked a  YouTube video from  osama_elzero [ Arabic Tutorials ] Use Google Tools To Search Images
 SwiftOnSecurity "There's a slight risk of death as our competitor owns the patent on error handling for this bug" 
Iowa Church Transformed and Revived by Outreach to Refugees  RipEuropa
 GreggDoyelStar you don't remember that??? 
Elevator Stuck - L006, HR011, E006 - Memorial Ct - Memorial Heights Dr - 17:49 - 
Regional Overview  RipEuropa
Stu Cowan: Son of former Canadien Brian Bellows strikes gold with Team USA 
Birds, Beasts and Relatives (Corfu Trilogy  2): Birds, Beasts and Relatives (Corfu Trilogy  2) Books by Gerald… 
Alexa, can you acquire new customers for marketers? 
Montreal Canadiens: Scherbak Should be on the 2nd Line 
All Google fonts in your Photoshop  fonts  fontea  design
No-name Canadiens getting job done as injuries mount 
10 Ways to Save Time in Creating Content 
Keep in mind. 
Small Fruit & Vegetable Meeting 
I made a(n) Emerald in Paradise Island!  Android  Androidgames  Gameinsight
 Vequal everyone knows google translate chats shit
 shaunhaney  LMcLachlan60  willpenrievans  DrewTyler_  Milkabot there is a pdf titles the greening rules for 2016 in Google couldn't link
Fire Event - E072 - Saturn Ln - Nasa Pkwy - 17:49 - 
Your car wants to say hello. And that's only the start.  ai
Lickitung (IV: 66%) until 04:11:52PM at 6220 S Rainbow Blvd 
Would you marry a robot? David Levy says by 2050, someone will.
 LSR16 
exited Philly January 06, 2017 at 06:51PM via iOS Location 
 Jussing have you tried Google Cardboard
 gHelp
sometimes I like to get a little dramatic with my Google searches, and Google delivers every time  dinnertime… 
A good Scyther appeared! It will be in BRISTOL until 7:06 PM.   BristolPokes  BRISTOL 
20 Stunning Material Design Wallpapers  google  uidesign
Whenever I feel unattractive I google pictures of Aphrodite to remind myself I am a  goddess lol 
Please stop what you're doing and watch 2 Google Home bots chat on Twitch. It is charming and, at times, terrifying… 
If you've left me Youtube comments and I haven't replied, it's because Google is doing something weird again. If it ain't broke, break it.
Bulbasaur 93% (15/15/12) tackle fast/power whip) till 
 mmsamii ASTRO Eunwoo Spring Up Photocard Set ☆  10  [can be sold individually] more info: 
Structure Fire Working | 7900 Jacobie Blvd (HILLBURN DR/S BUCKNER BLVD) | | 783 | 340056 | 17:51 | A
Better Business Bureau reports Top 10 scams of 2016 
Appeal over petrol scam gang after Edinburgh incidents 
A wild Charmeleon has appeared! Available until 00:05:51 (13m 51s). 
Voltorb! IV:88.89%,(14/14/12) till 04:21:39pm.   UBC 
More  Reverbnation figures &  demographics,  GooglePlus Record High &  Twitter Daily Record High.  MS  Statistics (… 
Find PJ Brunson's music a mixed bag of tricks 
This Canadian Artist Boosted US Streaming Music Sales to a New Record 
Horsea! IV:91.11%,(15/13/13) till 04:21:36pm.   UBC 
 RageElixir  eckoxsoldier  AA12YT  FuzionDroid Entity 303 is coming for you guys!😈😈 (if you don't know what that is just google it)
 MrGeorgeWallace Google Maps ain't pulling that up. This pizza's gonna be cold when it gets there.
23:54 Penn National US or call me at **BITCOIN
Boxwork - Phant  NowPlaying  6music
Second, go here , And get familiar with the citizen's Petition to Impeach. We'll filibuster… 
 _chloebates  LLAM95 google it!!! Was hella scary
 mitt2018  ESPNCFB  ClemsonFB  LEGO_Group  hunterj89675984  gracegarddner google search it if you care so much
Omanyte available until 07:21:05pm (29m 20s). Mud Shot / Ancient Power (31.11% - 14/0/0) 
97% of people type in random words on Google just to see if they spelt it right.  technology  fact
 lowcountrywolf Simple math. 
Freddie Gray Case: Judge Allows Malicious Prosecution Lawsuit Against Mosby to…  Crime… 
PM's vision for peaceful coexistence  India  Pakistan
And more memories from other years...like the mascot 
 DraftKings app doesn't work saying it needed update when I tried google play and says nothing found, us/uk app doesn't work from Canada
Veteran actor Om Puri passes away Nawaz pays tribute  India  Pakistan
apply here: 
TX Agency Says Officer Refused Service at Wendy's Restaurant  Crime  Legal  USA  US  Law… 
 mpesce 6th floor :)
So, the  google home doesn't work with shared calendars in its own email app but the  amazonecho does?
Patricia Barus dispelled the anomaly! Lost Time! 
 Allchiefedup For data and info, if you just google it, a ton of stuff comes up to confirm this.
 ThriveRoy  SeanFromEnderby  NEWSLCFC  TrueBritforlife  lenfinsbury  BisnosBrothers 

Who says im not? Google? Yeah ok buddy.
Abra Zen Headbutt/Shadow Ball  57.78% (11/5/10)- Despawns   16:14:48 (23m 1s timer). Times may not be accurate 
Boost your website visitors AUTOMATICALLY  OnlineBusiness | Google SEO Adwool Is Steps Of…
NUFC 2pk Weatherproof Stickers 4  NUFC  ashleyout
Flareon (IV: 31%) until 04:08:48PM at 3750 E Bonanza Rd 
[Summerlin West] Golem (IV: 48%) until 04:10:36PM at  Park Vista Dr 
 kemoverga I typed in monster boobs in google for a reaction imagine 
I regretted that so I'll just leave an image… 
Jynx available until 07:19:04pm (27m 33s). Frost Breath / Psyshock (60.00% - 9/3/15) 
Volkswagen Said to Be Close to Settling Justice Inquiry Into Emissions - New York Times  Google  News  Tech
The BlackBerry Mercury is TCL's entry into enterprise - TechCrunch  Google  News  Tech
The Singularity is only moments away!  technology  googlehome 
If GooglePlay is your jam jam then check out every Dod gamn episode of Since Right Now here: 
I liked a  YouTube video from  thean1meman F %K. GoogleE. TRANSLATE!!  AnswerMeSenpai
To the man ddosing my man  HavocHybrid just know he has a higher google chrome Dino jump score than you 
 Lochgelly | Lochgelly + | Carden Castle Avenue, Cardenden, Lochgelly Fife, KY5 0EH

| 
How unusual and shocking.--
"Donald Trump just threatened Toyota - but it looks like he got the facts wrong." 
Dratini appeared! IV: 46.67% (6/2/13). Moves: Dragon Breath,Twister. At 1203 Celebrity Cir. 11m 15s left. 
Grimer available until 07:17:55pm (26m 36s). Poison Jab / Sludge (31.11% - 3/4/7) 
 jessemonroy650 Are you submitting a talk proposal for PhoneGap Day EU ? You should!

Walkerville Bulbasaur 7m 44s 91.11 14 12 15 Tackle Seed Bomb 
Funny.. on google says on or near Jan 7.. that's weird. 
Soulja boy really said "im from bompton" like google dont exist. someone get YG on the phone man

Incredible
 radiodoc2 With winter storm, Google home has been my saving grace with my 4 year old  googlehome  spotify  google
 par Norton Identity Safe 
【The Cat of Happiness】　  TheCatofHappiness 
【iOS】【Android】
Top 20 Wacky, Weird, Fun, And Bizarre CES 2017 Products  CES2017  Android  Google 
School of Rock music teacher charged with sex assault of child 
Popular on Google: * Fort Lauderdale * Tilikum * Epiphany * Rosca de Reyes * Greta Van Susteren * Viola Davis * Three Kings Day * David…
Ashes! Where it all began with Faulkner: KP In fact, it was in the heat of the Ashes cauldron, when the Tasmanian …
 Xbox  VideoGames Pre-Owned Microsoft Xbox One 500 GB Black Console Only model 1540 Tested  Yahoo  Google
Ashes! Up from the ashes: Swanson Group mill in Springfield represents investment in innovation amid ... A worker …
How Helpful Are Oakland's First-Time Homebuyer Assistance Programs? 
 TonyStewart  NASCAR Action  20 TONY STEWART Home Depot Daytona Raced Win 1:24 scale 2006 diecast  Google  Trends
Quick Cash Loans Kempton Park 
 jeweleaves yea i cant remember her name, just watched it an hr ago , this was just a google image
Young Russian denies she aided election hackers: 'I never work with douchebags' 
Golden Globes: youth and diversity the winners as La La Land and Moonlight set to shine 
22 years ago skater Nancy Kerrigan was whacked in the knee by Tonya Harding's goons 
Police searching for stabbing suspect on Lake Drive - Redding Record Searchlight ---
Jesse Owens and Hitler Shook Hands at the 1936 Summer <b>Olympics</b>? 
 Google  edtech Winners of the Google Hispanic Heritage Month, Pay it Forward contest ( googlestudents)
Tilikum, SeaWorld killer whale shown in Blackfish documentary, dies after illness 
13 people who had a great 2016 (who you can actually be happy for)

Unless you've been living under a rock, eve… 
Paris 2024 <b>Olympic</b> Bid Gets French Tech Backing at Las Vegas CES 
Police searching for suspect in Brock Avenue Market holdup - ---
Police Seek Suspect in New Haven Bank Robbery - NBC Connecticut --=
 OnTheJumbotron Don't google "Wet sloths"
*google* how to stop crying when you don't know why you're crying
Charizard available until 07:20:36pm (29m 31s). Wing Attack / Dragon Claw (57.78% - 14/11/1) 
 bwarren92989 Google while she sucks my noodle?
Ok Google play  Spotify  CES2017 
We are hosting a 3v3 Rocket League Tournament. Details on photo below. TYPO! The time is 7PM EST instead.… 
How Google has changed  healthcare  Remember Dr Google is not a doctor! How to get best care!  DrRodRohrich… 
13 Useful "OK Google" Voice Commands!  Article available on: 
I just got a score of 1696 in  GunnerZ on Mission 58 Can you beat it!?
Blastoise available until 07:16:00pm (25m 0s). Water Gun / Hydro Pump (15.56% - 2/5/0) 
hello google Why Can't I Stop Sleeping.
 Imagined_Slight < device. The Google, he'd called it.
 jmrwest  wendydavis get your own uterus, dude. also, google "hyde amendment" federal funds do not pay for abortions.  standwithPP
Dratini available until 07:20:39pm (29m 44s). Dragon Breath / Twister (53.33% - 5/6/13) 
Kabuto available until 07:16:46pm (25m 52s). Mud Shot / Rock Tomb (62.22% - 6/11/11) 
Fan Art Friday! 
 TWDFamily 
Jynx available until 07:18:45pm (27m 50s). Pound / Ice Punch (48.89% - 2/8/12) 
Wow.  projectfi google pixel gives me a transcript for my VM and you can just delete it. I die.  Condrarian I know you hate a VM like me
Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry 
Little test. Do a Google image search for "men cancer" & "women cancer". Men look concerned, as you'd expect; all the women are beaming.
 localhoodrat HockeyTV should work with a Mac and using a supported web browser (Firefox, Google Chrome, or Safari).
"Stories are wild creatures"  amonstercalls  felicityjones is amazing  storytelling  creativity  healing 
Ras Sedr - El Tor Rd 
 digitalmarketing Digital Marketing Automation Specialist 
Snorlax is available until 07:20:39pm (29m 46s).IVs: 24.44% Fast Move: Lick, Charge Move: Hyper Beam 
if i google 'how to move to canada' enough times ill wake up in toronto tomorrow right?
Memories of another great Esso win.... 
 Owen_ only cache, search on google on how to empty temp and prefetch files
Carrie Fisher's urn is shaped like a giant Prozac pill, like she would've wanted  downloader  androidapps
 MrDarrenBuckley *googles fat birds* *daren't google fat birds*
Dratini available until 07:20:28pm (29m 47s). Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail (35.56% - 7/8/1) 
Google before you post.
Grimer until 18:15:11 (24m 31s). Moves:Poison Jab/Mud Bomb. IVs:46.67% (13/6/2)   None Texas 249 Access Rd 
 LilyReynolds_ Google Translate
 BR1T_BRAT i downloaded The LearnVest app and a pretty good template in google docs for free 99
Every time I drive to our ranch in waterford without google I end up getting lost
Call me tonight and read your essay. Great to hear students read. Here's how >> Google Voice FTW.  engchat  caedchat
Join Fronto to earn money on your phone. Enter 'KMART8' to start with bonus 1,250 Points. 
 threeboysbrew are you guys open today? Google is saying you're not :(
Fuck it, gonna stream tomorrow. not gonna let Google fuck over my channel.
I’m waiting for the one Google Home device Mia to light Vlad on fire, for science.
Exeggutor available until 07:20:08pm (29m 36s). Confusion / Seed Bomb (71.11% - 11/13/8) 
"how to get turned on by girls if you are gay" is the saddest google search
【M4.1】VANCOUVER ISLAND, CANADA REGION 10.0km 2017/01/07 06:05:29 JST[UTC+9]
(G)(USGS)
Summernats City Cruise marks opening of Canberra car festival's 30 anniversary 
How rich people spend the money you earned for them


NASA 'Lucy' mission set to study Jupiter's Trojans  jupiter
Xylum '17 app live here - in partnership w/  SacUrbanDebate :  DebateCoaches  NAUDL1  TOCDebate
The model sgalpad is now live! En vivo por  Ts  Tranny  Shemale 
Aplic – Wireless Charger | Wireless QI charging Pad | for S7 / S7 Edge / S6 / S6 Edge,… 
 JamesK097 Your hostility is not conducive to an actual debate, but I will give it one more try.  
Google maps has been saying, "holy shit. Don't go that way." For a hour and a half. 
Venusaur available until 07:20:11pm (29m 47s). Razor Leaf / Petal Blizzard (62.22% - 15/6/7) 
Cidco allocates Rs 11.76 crore for infra development in Ulwe  SmartCities
Dratini appeared! IV: 37.78% (9/7/1). Moves: Dragon Breath,Wrap. At 2171 Seneca Ridge Dr. 29m 28s left. 
You Can Now Schedule Personal Google Plus Profile Posts - via  socialmediahats
Thanks for the follow  DrLindaTucker   Rank content high in Google. Find out how.  Info in blog.  
 SevenSharpNine sorry I don't have time 2debate just google it. We rely on each other in many ways, a complex economic relationship.
Grimer available until 07:48:54pm (58m 35s). Poison Jab / Mud Bomb (51.11% - 14/9/0) 
Google search : how to control my thoughts and emotions
what is "sinning"
 Google humanworkplace: My Boss Takes Credit For My Best Ideas via forbes  humanworkplace
How Mayors Think About Inequality and Redistribution - The Atlantic 
Google to start showing local-specific phone numbers when location extensions appear in ads via  sengineland
 CassJoyMusic   Thanks 4 adding me!  Music  ART  Poetry   Store~ tessieART  RadioShow  LightInTheDarkRadio : 
 TillDeathDoUsPart is taken literally in Siobhan Gaffney's tale of  murder in Ireland  ebooks  kindlebooks
Are you funny? Involved on campus? Do you love Snapchat? Apply to take ours over: 
With the help of google maps earth streetview Im walking around  Nagoya
Visiting all my old haunts.
Its a beautiful sunny day virtual Nagoya
Central Division responding to '11V - Burg Motor Veh' at 1000 blk Ross Ave | Beat 132 | | 17:46
Current ISS position is above -6.8376588779882,-157.01118422321 
Do you know about Sonic the Hedgehog? What do you know about death? Watch two Google Homes talk to each other: 
 bellathorne Starving this is all my lyrics. Favorite one that's on the way up right now.  HaileeSteinfeld
PREVENTABLE! CloseBGroundChkLoopholes. NO Permitless Carry Human Life First  Enough  EndGunViolence  JohnCornyn
. ZoltanZandar  Nadioushka2  JimmyLevendia  Goodtweet_man  echo_belbo  saltaf01  ektrit Google translate or will I be traumatized?
Motor Vehicle Accident | 9100 LAKE JUNE RD (CLAUDIA LN/GLENCLIFF DR) | | EN24 | 050025 | 17:50 | A
me: How do you convert kilometers to miles?
mother: I don't know... google?
Lesson designs by our lead tech Ts via Iron Chef Challenge  jcorippo  kkibteach  opshares 
A question that must be on many minds....  Google Home or  amazon ALexa 
a google maps car has been tailing me & now I know what it's like to have paparazzis following you
 mmsamii EXO SUM/COEX Official Postcard (Kai LMR, Kai CMB, Chanyeol CMB)  3 each ☆ more info:… 
Download my free app from the google play store. Search: The sy scott movememt 

 syscott… 
A wild Dratini appeared in Ilmenau! It will expire sometime between :51 and 1:50.  
Donald Trump Comes Face To Face With His Biggest Enemy! Anna Wintour Organized A Meeting With Vanity Fair Editor… 
Lupe Fiasco Reviews Ab-Soul's 'Do What Thou Wilt' Album  hiphop  interview
Mark Wahlberg Teases Justin Bieber Project On 'Ellen DeGeneres Show' (VIDEO)  BITN
DC leaders share logistics for Inauguration Day 
"You know what we should Google? How Aliens have sex." 
-My Dad, 2017
Find Out What 'Really Bugged' Carrie Fisher About Her HBO Documentary With Mom Debbie Reynolds! 
I will greatly miss the Obama's,  MichelleObama.  I'm in for  MichelleObama2020.  
Michael Jackson CD "NEW" 
Google Tricks the Old West Way!: via  YouTube
Mayor Broome urges residents to stay off roads during icy weather  gobagwesley
nauseous is anoyher fucking word i will never be able to spell i had to copy it from google translate
Paul Williams & Andrew Grossart - Shining Ice  6music  nowplaying  bbc6music
 skepticpedi  skepticalraptor really interesting actually, they are vaccinated 
 sharon_lynch  halabugaighis  Google I'll track down some emails
Android Dominates Rival OSes, But Google Faces Challenges - 
Squirtle 100% (15/15/15) bubble fast/aqua tail) till 
[24] Google makes its essential Android modding tools easier to get  realtime 
Memories of a great Esso Win... 
Snorlax available until 07:19:39pm (29m 42s). Lick / Body Slam (37.78% - 4/7/6) 
 Happy Last Day of Christmas...Epiphany...3 Kings Day...January 6:
Westend Charmander 29m 32s 91.11 14 13 14 Ember Flame Burst 
This is amazing. Wow.
——
Amazon Will Accept Food Stamps To Combat America's Food Deserts 
  (Nathan Bedford Forrest)
Get The Classic Soul Network App today Android:  iPhone: Blackberry: 
A nice arcade game: My Sheep at  press  release
Venusaur available until 07:18:03pm (28m 10s). Razor Leaf / Petal Blizzard (57.78% - 4/15/7) 
RIP Tilly, you're finally free to be the beautiful creature you were always meant to be 🐳💙


 Kungphugb Thanks for the update, Phupinder. Let's connect you with a Google Play specialist to sort this out: 
dont worry about the photo of the girl with the gun i got it off google it will be changed soon
 JermaineTimeNow Perform during  4/20WKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
Grooveline is back tonight at 12am UK time on  1386Blast Soul and groove to move with  SoulfulScotsman at & TuneIn
This is what happens when you google "extremely majestic panda" 
1/6/2017 6:49 PM: HAZARD IN HIGH TRAFFIC AREA at 1701 BROAD ST 
Google home is samsung
Dratini available until 07:03:34pm (13m 53s). Dragon Breath / Wrap (62.22% - 6/10/12) 
TwitPane .
 
Weekend Breakfast 
Beating Eating Disorders' Video Project 
Thousands of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other on Twitch  technology
 mrsfadeji OR have you seen playdate? That could work even better for parents! 
 SteveB231  nuggets  WFNYScott  With all due respect to Benny, u must not know Rocky. 
Rhydon (IV: 71%) until 04:19:27PM at  Artesian Drive Warren 
 BrittonL9 I'm fairly sure we had more against Bristol Rovers. But that's impossible, google is correct.
google search: cheat codes for exo run
Subject to Google: Merkel-Raute
G+: Rested I feel more rested after a meditation than I do after a good night's sleep, for there is no… 
ido now have 'will eating 5 gummy vitamins kill you' on my google search history
The Google Hardware Giveaway | Android Headlines Deals via  Androidheadline
im in a writing mood but im to lazy to open google docs
 BellaAnne8 it was a map of speedy speedys, you can go inside 221b on google maps now!
Detlef Buggert - Google+ 
Blastoise 78% (12/8/15) 
water gun fast/flash cannon

 VinoIRL Defeating the reposters! One Google search at a time!
 LanceMcAlister Men In Tights' Blinkin on DatDude...
[25] Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  realtime 
when ur only entertainment is away right now and u have to google "time in Melbourne" to find out if she'll be awake or not 😂
RAF to make final selection for IAAF World X-Country Championships in Feb  Rwanda
 Google RWW: Autonomous driving with  BMWCES2017  CES2017 🚗 
FERWAFA to start U15 boys national team  Rwanda
SBoeing seeking nominations for 2017 North Florida small business awards 
Small businesses will face these thorny issues in 2017 
January 6, 2017 - Arkansas is the Latest State to Squash Potential for Small Cannabis Businesses 
Blastoise 78% (12/8/15) water gun fast/flash cannon) till 
How many words you should be writing to get to the top of Google >  content  seo  marketing 
Fortis Healthcare has a healthy closing on D-street - Indiainfoline 
 Google NextVR announces multi-year NBoeing partnership and Daydream compatibility. Read more:  GOOG
I used my mum's phone for a second and her most recent research on google was "Green Day tour" 😂😎
5.1 magnitude earthquake hits off west coast of Vancouver Island - CBC.ca  Earthquake 
Paul Williams & Andrew Grossart - Shining Ice  NowPlaying  6music
Beat the 69¢ crowd by coming out tonight and winning  ALL TAN Tags at 75% Off starting at 6!  All Chicago locations  
[Southern Islands] Hitmonlee (IV: 44%) until 08:15:48AM at 1 Garden Ave  pokemongonews
 MrLeonardKim Thjis is what X =Y looks like   
Association of Gaming Equipment Manufacturers (AGEM) Releases December 2016 Index  
Rapidash until 18:13:46 (24m 37s). Moves:Ember/Heat Wave. IVs:22.22% (7/2/1)   1414 Graham Dr 
plz everyone we more than ever need your support plz read out story 
 BrittonL9 I'd guess we've never had exactly that amount. Small club mentality showing here. Exactly google quote = sell out only 🙈🙈🙈
UFO-CQ is a signaler that sends messages out to whoever might be listening in space. ParanormalCommunication
 lonergabe eBay amazon Craigslist why couldn't you just Google and Figure this out 😭😭😭
 TDHdiamondhorse maybe cause you're in a country which doesn't allow visa payment... why don't you get a google play card or paypal money?
Flareon (IV: 31%) until 04:18:44PM at 2156 E Russell Rd 
Learn how to animate Router transitions in Angular 2: 
 SamanthaJo28 it's the most googled show, they picked this up from google trends not actual data. So not exactly correct.
 CSRA_prsn from feb 2016 snowflake. When you are dead wrong you can't claim you called anyone out. 
I said, LORD, be merciful unto me: heal my soul; for I have sinned against thee. 
Psalm 41:4. 

Aerodactyl available until 05:18:35pm (29m 41s). Steel Wing / Hyper Beam (51.11% - 12/9/2) 
 Smalls_2Point0 Perform during  SUPERBOWLWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
The DNC cheated multiple times in multiple ways.     NoThatsNotEthical 
 MichaelSerapio If suspect in shooting flew Delta from Anchorage, it was via Minneapolis. Times align arrival & incident. source: Google
 steunwoo direto do google?
Former Google career coach shares a visual trick for figuring out what you want to do with your life 
Tacos Mexico on  Yelp: This is a screenshot of the google maps link to Tacos Mexico's menu: 
Hidden Figures 
Late congrats extraordinary  JulieDash for NY Film CriticsCircleAward -Daughters.. 25th annivers restoration release 
Central Division responding to '07 - Minor Accident' at N Pearl St / San Jacinto St | Beat 132 | | 17:45
Squirtle is available until 07:18:36pm (29m 46s).IVs: 84.44% Fast Move: Bubble, Charge Move: Aqua Jet 
 YesStarling  chubbybannister Taboo. Or just google “tom hardy boat” and hit Images…
 wexiciian black people cant be racist. Google what it means.
A wild Schiggy appeared in Ilmenau! It will expire sometime between :50 and 1:48.  
Sometimes I learn about an entirely new topic simply because I misspell something in a google search. 
Google is probably more interest in what you do in private mode 
Thousands of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other on Twitch  tech 
🌎 Thank you on behalf of the Amazon! - crazyhorse2126 gmail.com - Gmail 
Why the Cleveland Cavaliers and Kyle Korver are a perfect fit  esporte  sport
djanekhaled The cat's pajamas.  KnowNearby 
There was nothing fun about watching Ronda Rousey being battered by UFC rival  esporte  sport
Seel appeared! IV: 42.22% (4/1/14). Moves: Lick,Aqua Tail. At 2306 N Ocean Blvd. 30m 17s left. 
Apps that rely on  Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th. Read more:  GOOG
 Android  Android_Apps  Maps_Apps  Maps MapsHub free Android app to share location between different Maps… 
Check this out straight out of Detroit


Ogun Art & Wine replaced Absolve Wine Lounge at Studemont and Washington Ave.  Art
Ex-city attorney who called woman 'heroin whore' cleared in lawsuit  GrandRapids
3 VGUC Mother-ease Sandys Bamboo size small fitted cloth diapers  green  eco  kids
Trump, amid media battles, meets with Conde Nast executives 
3 Mother-ease Sandys Cotton Size small fitted cloth diapers  green  eco  kids
Should You Write Your Blog Posts For  Google or Social Media?  
  SearchyNerds - Check 
NowPlaying : Mr. Moods - L.O.V.E. 

 Android App 
 PeripouWebRadio
Chantel Jeffries shows off her ample assets in teeny lace-up bikini via 
Best of Signs now recognized as Google Trusted Store 
Google Removes Right-Hand Ads  webdesign,  marketing,  wordpress
I'm playing My Singing Monsters. Check it out! 
Enjoyed book "The Bestseller Code” that uses text mining analysis to find the algorithm of publishing success 
 DamianJWalters I can't remember where I found it, think I just typed  RolandOut in google images
 DIGITALJAMIEE you can google alliance of the fifteens. There's a translation on a blogspot somewhere. 10/10
Security of demand very low for Canada energy exports. Time to change economic focus?. 
Catch me mixing tonight from 12am to 1am Eastern & 11pm to 12am Central time. 
1 awesome user just followed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
"Punjab HC restrains Haryana from issuing appointment letters to veterinary surgeons - The Indian Express" by  
Intel report says US identifies go-betweens who gave emails to WikiLeaks. 
Download Drudge Report from Google Play
my Google Home was delivered today, can't wait to go home and talk to a robot
"Punjab HC restrains Haryana from issuing appointment letters to veterinary surgeons - The Indian Express"  Punjab…
The Best Moments From A Twitch Conversation Between Two Google Robots 
23:50 Trentham NZ or call me at **BITCOIN
 TheEllenShow Don't want to overcharge your android device?

CES 2017: Smart hairbrush listens for breaking hair 
 vulnerability  security : [dos] - Google Android max86902 Driver - 'sysfs' Interfaces Race Condition 
A good Kingler appeared! It will be in BRISTOL until 7:18 PM.   BristolPokes  BRISTOL 
Had to google and make sure these were just lyrics and not an actual mood 
Omastar 22.22% (1/5/4/Mud Shot/Ancient Power) till 16:18:00 (29m 42s).
CP for lvl30+: 1221

IBM releases its annual list of five innovations it says will change our lives within five years 
Snorlax until 18:17:19 (29m 4s). Moves:Lick/Hyper Beam. IVs:40.00% (3/5/10)   17506 Pecks Park Ct 
Omanyte available until 07:46:55pm (58m 40s). Mud Shot / Rock Tomb (42.22% - 1/5/13) 
Thousands of people are watching two Google Homes argue with each other live and it's amusing… 
Why are GoogleE & YOUTUBE BURRYING this VIDEO & STORY? YOU SHOULD BE CONCERNED.  scarytruth  tcot  lnyhbt
1 user just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
'Alien: Covenant' To Be Paired With A Virtual Reality Game 
New Chromecast on Ebay Google Chromecast Audio (09/2016) Digital Media Streamer (Latest Mo… 
Senate Democrats Introduce Amendment That Would Block Obamacare Repeal… 
 mmsamii  EXO Nature Republic Official Postcard (Lay, Chen, Kai)  3 each ☆ more info: 
Google app for iOS now comes with Gboard built in | VentureBeat ... - VentureBeat 
Blastoise available until 07:17:59pm (29m 47s). Bite / Hydro Pump (86.67% - 13/12/14) 
Facebook Donating 500 Virtual Reality Kits to Arkansas Schools 
 SnapFlightApp  Drunk pilot removed from Sunwing flight - Mexico… 
You know what's interesting? Turn off all parental control filters and do a google image search for "Just hanging out."
Sussex RES take up the challenge of making layers,  and end up with over ten million mu... 
 Aberdeen * |  Aberdeen Township Police Blotter, Dec. 21-Jan. 3: On December 26 a 30-year-old Union Beach man was… 
Kindly complete this survey and be part of a world shaping idea. Follow the link to do so. 

Google's CEO On Ragging, Canteen Food And Hostel Life  NewsInVidsIndia 
Ohio payday lenders charging most in the country, so what are state legislators doing about it? 
Instant Payday Loans no Credit Check- Useful Loan at Financial Bad Situation 
The Google Hardware Giveaway | Digg Store via  digg
Big Picture Loan 
Corruption Currents:  20 Million Found in Mattress: Indian authorities arrested the brother of a…  Moneylaundering
Corruption Currents:  20 Million Found in Mattress  moneylaundering
The World Cup expansion debate heats up with Jose Mourinho, German FA taking sides 
New NY Regulation Requires Banks to Step Up Monitoring for Money Laundering: State regulators have…  Moneylaundering
New NY Regulation Requires Banks to Step Up Monitoring for Money Laundering  moneylaundering
 RemoveMyName  identity  privacy What Should Go On The Internet Privacy Freedom And…  onlineprivacy  myname  removal
Google's search engine will no longer tell users that the Holocaust never happened 
IBM pitches security system to Phl firms 
Home Stocks Analyst Ratings Analyst Upgrades – Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation ... 
Machoke available until 07:45:31pm (57m 29s). Karate Chop / Brick Break (60.00% - 7/7/13) 
Bulbasaur available until 07:17:39pm (29m 36s). Vine Whip / Power Whip (100.00% - 15/15/15) 
In the antebellum U.S.--a white person just purchased someone's grandparent. 
Blastoise available until 05:17:17pm (29m 17s). Bite / Flash Cannon (55.56% - 15/8/2) 
Trump downplays Russian meddling in election despite intel report 
Someone set up two Google Home speakers as chat bots with each other and it's amazing 
Pictures of cat book ends - Google Search 
Charizard until 18:17:18 (29m 19s). Moves:Ember/Dragon Claw. IVs:57.78% (6/5/15)   18507 Cascade Timbers Ln 
 Google LeadershipTipss: Be nice to geek’s, you’ll probably end up working for one – Bill Gates
Blastoise available until 07:16:38pm (28m 40s). Water Gun / Flash Cannon (77.78% - 14/9/12) 
I want to get a new phone but I'm not sure if I want the iPhone 7 or the Google Pixel. 🤔
Tacos Mexico on  Yelp: Google Maps has a search feature: in which I found Tacos Mexico and a link to their menu: wh… 
Watch out for falling prices...oh and semen too  kathymfish  goldenlamb13  TVBossyPants  
 ILprairiewind Google says no... A Johnny on the Spot has Crown, CC, Amaretto and peach schnapps and pineapple which sounds delish!
Ha! just did a Google Image search for 'Littlest Hobo' and had a good laugh... 
I just got a score of 5762 in  GunnerZ on Mission 67 Can you beat it!?
Modern Transportation believes next year will bring increased transload opportunities( texasshipagent
oh god can someone help me?? google chrome keeps filling in “https” it won’t stop -already cleared cache and browsing data
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
Join us for Parent University on Jan 26th  SpringhouseMS! Details  sportsnutritionforteens  omsjags
 scATX Maybe you've seen it already but the Pioneer-Press interviewed a Gophers player one-on-one about the boycott

 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  Running In The Family  Level 42  APPS Apple Google 
Abra Zen Headbutt/Psyshock  64.44% (15/13/1)- Despawns   16:13:25 (25m 21s timer). Times may not be accurate 
Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke snaps up prestigious vineyard and producer of Queen’s favourite red wines. 
 baker_jeffrey I'm about to google
A good Starmie appeared! It will be at Temple Square until 5:16 PM.   SLC  PokemonGO 
jamaica: Sell-side Consensus Sees Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (NYSE:RCL) Going Where Near-Term? 
 njudah if google maps can accurately tell me, why can't NextMuni
A wild Squirtle has appeared! Available until 00:17:33 (29m 40s). 
Google commits to zero-waste data centers (via  mel_hogan)  thegatheringcloud
DNC 'Russian Hacking' Conclusion Comes from Google-Linked Firm via  BreitbartNews
Billionaire teams up with NASA to mine the moon 
 McFaul Do you trust messages of Google that sponsored Clinton is election campaign?
And here it is--Friday! 
 Edmundite1   it's not untrue,it won't be a Mexican  type wall😊  
Congressman's sponsored 'art' depicting police as pigs in Congress' Halls - crazyhorse2126 gmail.com - Gmail good
Venusaur available until 07:02:14pm (14m 37s). Vine Whip / Petal Blizzard (42.22% - 5/11/3) 
Florida's Att. General Wants You To Spot <b>Human Trafficking</b>  ExpressHatred
Snorlax available until 07:17:27pm (29m 47s). Zen Headbutt / Body Slam (68.89% - 14/7/10) 
A wild Wartortle has appeared! Available until 00:17:15 (29m 29s). 
Attorney General launches website to fight <b>human trafficking</b>  ExpressHatred
Florida National University to Host Second Annual <b>Human Trafficking</b>…  ExpressHatred
PSM: Bosses must pay levy, <b>stop</b> burdening foreign workers  ExpressHatred
GoogleE
A 9😱influence Western(32)Union(28)=60~09  California(52)pizza(33)kitchen(34)=119 ✈
Warning(41)signs(23)=64~49( 4/ 9… 
Feature on women in ML (WiML)  WiMLworkshop + recently created database of women in ML: 
Annual candlelight vigil kicks off <b>human trafficking</b> month  ExpressHatred
 weebIyn FOUND IT! Btw if you open up Google images and drag a picture into the search bar it does a reverse image-
Hupp4 | The Old Motor: google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1837596250745322"; google_ad_slot =… 
Jynx available until 07:12:07pm (24m 33s). Frost Breath / Psyshock (51.11% - 3/12/8) 
 MAGApupper lol, it does no contact to the internet. I was actually upset to find out "Twitter Web - Night Mode" pinged google analytics
CES 2017 Unveils Game-Changing Innovation to the World 
 minggeu yup, this one! a Great decision my friend (and listen i can't judge anyone i deadass blocked smut stuff)
Charmeleon appeared! IV: 55.56% (10/7/8). Moves: Ember,Flamethrower. At 2205-2215 Bayside Ave. 27m 15s left. 
Engineering's Cheng named to 2017 Forbes 30 Under 30 Science list 
Samsung Unveils Enterprise Smartwatch Security Solution 
[Rhodes Ranch] Jolteon (IV: 46%) until 04:07:49PM at 9218 W Russell Rd 
I just got a score of 5451 in  GunnerZ on Mission 67 Can you beat it!?
Google: djanekhaled The cat's pajamas.  KnowNearby 
Law Professors in Opposition to Jeff Sessions Nomination 
 beckiesmithxx Google maps where u at
Behind the Scenes: The Google Art Project at the White House 
 Google wef: The world’s top economy: the US vs China in five charts 
AI will reshape our world in big, unpredictable ways. For starters? Two  Google Homes kept us entertained all day. 
AT&T Joins Facebook, Google, Snapchat In Mobile Video  facebooksoftware, buy, buyfbsoftware 
 wolfblitzer  cnn Canadian military vet just 2 days ago killed 4 
 venusw  StephenLu18 discuss:

Indian Point Nuclear Plant to Shut Down by 2021: Sources 
Report: Indian Point nuclear plant to close by 2021 
Google’s Assistant, Home announcements preview a new kind of ‘augmented reality’  marketing 
Hate Crimes and Media Double Standards  DonLemon 
Assange says he doesn't leak Russian info because of their free press lol 
Blastoise till 01:11:20 (24m 5s). 53.33%. A/D/S: 2/11/11. Water Gun, Flash Cannon. 
 Aero_Matic_ We're looking into this. Please flag any similar content to alert the policy team directly. Here's how: 
A: It's not profitable  FreeMarket  HealthCare  
"Google Analytics for SalesIQ live chat software goes live!" 
Exeggutor available until 07:16:53pm (29m 38s). Zen Headbutt / Seed Bomb (55.56% - 10/8/7) 
Central Division responding to '6X - Major Dist (Violence)' at 400 blk S Houston St | Beat 136 | | 17:42
 Mr_Impossible35 Then can't they just Google the weather?
📈 "Sandford Fleming" is trending today on Google Denmark (2000+ searches) 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won’t work after April 25th  gadgetnews  prototype  geek 
 NadimNaaman if you google it i think you'll have a laugh...
Sandshrew 87% (13/11/15) scratch fast/rock slide) till 
Happy Last Day of Christmas...Epiphany...3 Kings Day...January 6: 
Google
 kieran_cleary sweet dreams.  If you want to see the place Google County Clare Irish Inn and Pub Oiche Mhaith!
📈 "Om Puri" is trending today on Google Nigeria (2000+ searches) 
Southern Virginia MultiModal Park 'could be the door to the outside world'( texasshipagent
World Air - Life  NowPlaying  6music
A wild Venusaur has appeared! Available until 01:16:48 (29m 27s) IV: 37.78 Moves: Vine Whip / Sludge Bomb . 
do you have google? serious question. if you have google in turkey, use it. 
Hi  fleepio why does your MacOS app talk to Google Analytics and DoubleClick while I'm using it?
Grace feat. G-Eazy - You Don't Own Me sur  TrackMusikRadio Disponible sur App Store & Google Play! 
 DBS_google thanks.
📈 "Stefan Horngacher" is trending today on Google Poland (10000+ searches) 
Dratini available until 07:16:45pm (29m 45s). Dragon Breath / Twister (51.11% - 6/9/8) 
 ZGrilletCo I want ALL the tshirts. Also, I randomly got Google socks and I'm in love with them!
DNC 'Russian Hacking' Conclusion Comes from Google-Linked Firm.  FakeIntelligenceAgencies  
Somewhere in Northern Arizona (Somewhere in Northern Arizona) 
Twitter – and the Governator – Heap Mockery on Trump’s Celebrity Apprentice… 
Okay, I’ve confessed before to making tons of mistakes in writing, publishing and social media. But, I keep on… 
 mariaressa Thought you might be interested in our post with 
Jacqueline de Guia w/ the Human Rights Commission. Thx

📈 "ESL One Genting" is trending today on Google Philippines (2000+ searches) 
8 Great Larry Page Business Quotes     Google  SearchEngine  SEO  Android  Tech  CIO  CTO 
📈 "weersverwachting" is trending today on Google Nederland (20000+ searches) 
snow cat   photo by Luke O'Connor -- 
📈 "Still Alice" is trending today on Google Nederland (5000+ searches) 
calma google 
📈 "Fort Lauderdale" is trending today on Google Nederland (2000+ searches) 
Environmental/Safety Specialist: Purpose of Position: The Environmental… 
Auto Damage Management Development Program: Clinton, MD: Job Duties… 
"When u think u coming out of the closet and then Google Maps hits you with a continue straight."  ShitJigarSays
Customer Service Representative I: Job Description Be someone’s hero every… 
📈 "Laury Thilleman" is trending today on Google France (20000+ searches) 
US tanks arrive in Germany to help Nato defences...this is kind of troubling  
Tim Cook takes pay cut after Apple misses 2016 revenue targets - ZDNet  Technology
 readTomTurner  pattonoswalt 

vehicle deaths 
Gun deaths 
Honda's Self-Balancing Motorcycle Is Perfect for Noobs - WIRED  Technology
A good Electrode appeared! It will be at the 300W Walmart until 5:13 PM.   SLC  PokemonGO 
Manufacturing Jobs Declined by 45,000 in 2016; Government Jobs Increased by 183,000 
You may have gone out drinking tonight, but did you meticulously, fanatically organise your Google Chrome bookmarks..?
Time I'm trying to remember what show started with the song

' Bo mme le bo ntateee ehhhh' 

🙂Try typing that in Google but ke mfana
 uniuniman53 ...of thing PEOTUS should know. Or google, even. And whatever "news" source you're getting ur info from should have...
New Reefer Ship Makes Maiden Call to US( texasshipagent
 QuirkySailor a movie. Google it.
I liked a  YouTube video from  awkwardhamster TaoTronics Google Cardboard VR Virtual Reality Glasses TT-VR003
 ninon_delobel Google traduction
Javaaaaah! Charity buying police, firefighters a coffee - The group, which helps women in early recovery from s... 
Bitcoin-Powered Internet Advances With  4 Million Blockstack Funding 
John McAfee to Present at Miami North American Bitcoin Conference 
Aid minister Priti Patel finally stops your money going to Ethiopian 'Spice Girls' after £5.2m 'grant ... 
The Ultimate 6-Week Home Workout | Muscle & Fitness 
Girl scout cookie cereal is a thing. Mind blown 
Best Small Business Accounting Software of 2017 
South Dakota Quarter Horse Association Riding with the Times 
Trigger tells you when Trump tweets about your stocks - Very few people can move financial markets with their t... 
 Google businessinsider Here's why declawing your cat is terrible for them 
Machamp (IV: 46%) until 04:05:49PM at 1825 S Decatur Blvd 
Grimer appeared! IV: 35.56% (1/11/4). Moves: Mud Slap,Mud Bomb. At 300-308 SC-9. 30m 31s left. 
Bigger Crash Coming: “Scale of the Final Stage of Collapse Will Be Truly Unprecedented” 
Putin Ordered ‘Influence Campaign’ Aimed at U.S. Election, Report Says… 
 CommunityLd  Tony_McNulty But not hooked into Google apparently     
Charizard available until 07:16:16pm (29m 47s). Ember / Dragon Claw (26.67% - 8/3/1) 
 investissement Gaillard 
 digitalmarketing Adobe Should Shop for a Digital Commerce Platform: BMO Capital 
CUP:Blastoise 33.33% (1/5/9/Water Gun/Ice Beam) till 16:16:05 (29m 43s).
CP for lvl30+: 1395

DC authorities vow to respect Trump's inaugural protesters — if they're peaceful  ResistTrump
How To Answer Trump's Criticism Of The CIA President-elect Donald Trump has… 
Condé Nasties Protest Trump's Visit With Subtle Outfit Change  ResistTrump
What to Watch for in Fashion in 2017 - New York Times

New York Times

What to Watch for in Fashion in 2017New Yor… 
John Loud, what am I going to do?  LoudJohn1 
Texas Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee falls short in last-ditch effort to stop Trump's election  ResistTrump
 NyetNaziTrump  EJLandwehr making a recommendation for other than google, but my husband is extremely fit w/high chol. & uses it...
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 46.67% (12/3/6). Moves: Mud Slap,Stomp. At 98 N Ocean Blvd. 17m 30s left. 
Google phone over iPhone anyway
How Technology Hijacks People’s Minds — from a Magician and Google’s Design Ethicist (via  Pocket)  longreads 
So 32k people are watching two Google Homes argue with each other


Hey, Molly Morgan - you've got devotees to your advanced parenting techniques! 
FTC offering up to  25000 for help in securing IoT weaknesses 
Will visit large IoT provider - any questions, folks? - One of the (main) goals of my work is to come up with a... 
Google it
Speaker Paul Ryan, After Passing Regulatory Rollback, Parties With Lobbyists at Fundraiser! 
 BigData on wheels:  Google vs.  Uber in the driverless revolution 
im jim and abi is bones after i decided to google ev*lst*ck 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  AppleNews
[Help] [How To] Using Tasker as a calorie/water intake tracker and sending to Google Fit? via /r/tasker 
I am at Bublitz Ale House. 
CES Day Two Highlights: Fitbit, Pregnancy Wearables, IoT Gets Serious 
LinkedIn Privacy Policy - Norwegian qua  Yo 
Snorlax available until 07:15:22pm (29m 5s). Lick / Hyper Beam (37.78% - 10/2/5) 
No Target Too Small, Trump Intervenes to Oust Ohio’s G.O.P. Chair pressure them how? 
 stophackandroll  thecatonthewall I hope everyone enjoys my Google hangouts baby picture.
Minimalist <b>music</b> groundbreaker Terry Riley plays among buffalo, peacocks and a wet… 
 advertising  adwords  business  ebusiness  mlm  marketing  payperclick  ppc Lamar Adve... 
MusiComms Identifies Top 5 New <b>Music</b> Opportunities of 2017 
Fayette <b>Music</b> Boosters Trivia Night set for Jan. 21 
Check out new game - Quiz Canais do Youtube BR! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
Squirtle 93% (13/15/14) tackle fast/water pulse) till 17:46:14 (0s) 
CES 2017: Little-Known Elliptic Labs Could Reshape the Smartphone Industry  smartphone
 Google is bringing multiplayer to its awesome Tilt Brush  VR app [Video] 
Maranda Willis - Nobody Like YOU LORD   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
Will France allure  Tesla?. 
Brain teaser: Can you name the 6 pieces used in chess?(Without google)
Ford, Toyota, Others Form Consortium to Slow Apple and Google From Taking Over Auto Infotainment via  iPhoneHackx
Engadget: Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  News
May sound weird but I could spend hours navigating google maps on street view
Japan Exchange Group cleared to adopt fintech  bitcoin  crypto 
I bought the gold anno, but will only let me play venice! I can't find a fix on google please help via /r/pcgamingt… 
You've Got to See Serena Williams's Taco Engagement Ring - Tennis icon Serena Williams recently announced her e... 
Cage fight. The Arnold vs. the Donald. Who wins? 
31 Influencers to Follow in 2017 
 Google TheNextWeb: Tim Cook took a huge paycut in 2016 because Apple lost its mojo 
Charmander! IV:60.00%,(6/8/13) till 04:07:37pm.   UBC 
 audreyannbolin  RealAlexJones that's my point, survival mode - that also distorts - Google, tons of research on perception & memory
Trump And Paul Ryan Are Lying: ACA Repeal Will Take Health Care Away From 24.5… 
Nigeria militants say readying fighters to hit 'enemy' in Niger Delta 
Kim Kardashian Just Revealed Kanye West's Adidas Designs on Snapchat  passmysnapchat
The Three Pillars of Product Information 
 sharon_lynch  k_ramali  Google  JigsawTeam I think that most of these programs don't investigate the ppl involved… 
Kim Kardashian Just Revealed Kanye West's Adidas Designs on Snapchat  passthescope
Golem (IV: 42%) until 04:11:12PM at 2750 W Wigwam Ave 
Golem (IV: 51%) until 04:10:27PM at 6037 Tarrant Ranch Rd 
[Southern Islands] Hitmonlee (IV: 44%) until 08:15:48AM at 1 Garden Ave 
BLOG Calladine & Bayliss Detective Novels by HH Durrant Calladine & Bayliss Detective Novels

What  bookbloggers 27
Will Chuck Schumer become Senator ‘No’ and wipe out his party’s future? 
 wazxx If you log in with a Google account I think it'll save your history so you could go back and look at stuff.
Patricia Barus dispelled the anomaly! Ghostly Mirror! 
 iTookOff is there iCloud or google drive backup?
GoogleE.
Got magnetic field blues? Use the Sun or Moon as a high-accuracy Astro Compass Pro.  AstronomicalCompass
Gov. Bullock announces more cabinet appointments 
Mosely takes over for longtime ASU leader 
Altus chosen as creative community 
 20committee CIA devote at most 10% of budget on Russian espionage  
<-download Brunette Fucked on Stool in Bar  naked  teen  porn  xxx
 Snapchat News: Snap-arazzi: Best celeb Snapchats of the week (12/31 - 1/6) 
 GavinSchalliol  onekade these reports from infosec are quite well laid out before the USG got to mangle them

Hey guys,
We may be looking for co-owners in the future so if you would like to be part of the team you can apply.


Women News: 10 points, someone? - Sexual attacks and violence against women in context of New Year ... For gend... 
Ever thought, what's it like to be a research scientist for  Google? Great ready in  Forbes 
Ha!  I had to google that.  (I'm so old!)  What size did you get?  I think my dogs would flip out regardless, tho.… 
I would love to see Alexa chat with a Google Home
Textile News - PBIF chief urges government to help revive textile industry  textiles 
The  nytimes taking down  welocol was like booing at an elementary school musical -  latimes  
CFPB announces handful of leadership changes - The positions announced this time around include: the chief of s... 
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 33.33% (1/6/8). Moves: Rock Smash,Bulldoze. At 100-198 1st Ave S. 22m 31s left. 
‘Overwhelmed’ Massachusetts Nuclear Power Plant Spikes with Radiation 
Dratini! IV:33.33%,(11/3/1) till 04:15:31pm.   UBC 
 nvidiashield,  Google Assistsant  smartthings 4K streaming AND Gamestream? 
Latest TUAW News Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
 CCWProduction  GMSHTOUR during  GRAMMYWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
 eclectech I'm back and forth from Google looking up some of the terms. Brilliant!
 adriandparker You kept your cool well! I loved the application, most impressive brand use of Google Home I've seen.
The Fake Media: Has a Liberal Opinion of Wikileaks’ Julian Assange 
Iran Breaks Ground on  52m Ethylene Pipeline - Oil Minister Bijan Namdar Zanganeh on Thursday broke ground on a... 
 JaySandstorm Google orphicordyceps, or even better, YouTube it 🌚 fucking zombie ant fungi shit
Fort Lauderdale airport shooting: Five killed, suspect in custody 
LIVE... 
Everyone can enjoy music together with  umusictv No red faces or  awkward questions with our  parentapproved videos 
 Joe_Sugg how do you feel about not being on google fued?😂😅 
 TroubleRossnz It was originally from Secureworks. Not NYT. NOTHING to do with CIA/FBI. 
do not google search karen kisaragi and look at images
 EatFellowHumans Google has you fucked up. 
Azure more likely cloud provider for enterprise with Google for SMB, says Clutch 
Redondo Beach - Gastly Available until 04:04:36pm (19m 5s). 
 yuzirity google search
Rick Fenn - Tropical Paradise  NowPlaying  6music
Japan Exchange Group cleared to adopt fintech  news 
Maybe I need to google "icon" and "legend" because clearly the definitions have changed 
Textile News - Cotton prices firmer on restricted buying  textiles 
Buy Monteasy  WWERomanReigns "Heart Of A Warrior" Now … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … … …
Discover new  fashion  Style with  VirtualOutfit app Android=>Apple=>… 
Google CEO Sundar Pichai says smartphones need to cost as little as  30 in India –… 
Found a stream w/ 2 Google Home chatbots having a "conversation" and it is still a better love story than Twilight. 
 Blackfish Tilikum-Captured Nov. 9th 1983-Over 20yrs he has suffered at the hands of  Seaworld, this is his story. 
follow me | 
“Machine Translation Is by No Means Solved”, Admits Google:  TranslationServices 
 RFID Guidelines on your smartphone Choose the right  RFID technology for your project 
Do you play android games....?  puzzle  androidgames  ball  fun January 07, 2017 at 05:15AM
Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support 
John McAfee to Present at Miami North American Bitcoin Conference  bitcoin  crypto  news
Energy Efficiency Gamification Market Global Industry Analysis, Trends and Forecast, 2016-2026  gamification
PBOC quizzes bitcoin exchange as yuan slide spooks authorities  bitcoin  crypto  news
SO THERE'S A SHOOTING AT A NEARBY AIRPORT, AND GoogleE IS WANTING TO GIVE ME DIRECTIONS. 
 NowPlaying Calum Scott - Dancing On My Own on  RadioITB86 Link: 
 CreativelySmart Social Media Management App has Arrived: Like  hootsuite  sproutsocial  buffer  sendible  smallbiz 
I present you my very first drawing on a tablet
so i tried to make this fish, out of my head without searching on g… 
Starmie appeared! IV: 55.56% (13/8/4). Moves: Tackle,Power Gem. At 150 Rittenhouse Rd. 17m 15s left. 
Two Google Home devices are conversing on Twitch, and thousands of people can’t look away. Here's why: 
Google : djanekhaled The cat's pajamas.  KnowNearby … 
For clarity then, all Hangouts will continue to work. The only thing going away are the… 
Google's AI continues to crush humans at ancient game Go 
HOROSCOPE MAHJONG
Download from Google Play:

Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft: Which Will Fall First? Which
Me gustó un video de  YouTube Top 10 Things You Shouldn't Search On Google
Rep. Hunter removes congressional painting he found offensive - 
 WilliamLacyClay 
Hung this piece of 💩 NO RESPECT  
 ILprairiewind Wait what?! This is a real thing? Brb. I have to go speak with Google.
Young people can be global leaders, too. Learn how: 
Meet new people, chat, find your soulmate, flirt! ♥  chat  webcam  snapchat  videochat  ch… 
Starting in a few minutes: Improv Tonight: Grantch, Romantic Baby & KnucklePuck 
 Metalkitten1 if you know the phone number she's using you can locate her location by going to Google...search the number....choose images
 Use This  Service To make  Lots of  Money By  Google  Read More  Fiverr  Seo  Smm 
["Future Relic 01" by Daniel Arsham] (Reminds me of the buried Statue Of Liberty scene) “In… 
Current ISS position is above 8.4587337510185,-167.87638967736 
[Daniel Arsham’s Future Relic 04] Number 4 in the Future Relic sci-fi short film… 
Currently Active: Google Chrome 
Google to start showing local-specific phone numbers when  LocalOnlineMarketing  LocalSEO 
 _walmik  sfnode 
why of course 
🎞️ ⬇ 
just checking   
Adult coloring book night: Jazz Torrez  AdultColoring
Google Nexus 6 Leather Sleeve | 2COLORED | |  Nexus6  Nexus6Sleeve  Nexus6Cover  Nexus6Case  Nexus6Leather
How to Add Google Drive to Windows Send To menu  Google  googledrive  windows  drive  howto  cloudcomputing
Textile News - Weaving sector's plea to government  textiles 
Here are the safest airlines to fly in 2017 
A good Diglett appeared! It will be in BRISTOL until 7:10 PM.   BristolPokes  BRISTOL 
Alaska Airlines launches Los Angeles-Havana flights 
 Google RWW: Fossil feels much younger with big wearables rollout at CES 
 IoT  News 
Sell-side Consensus Sees Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. (NYSE:RCL) Going Where Near-Term? 
Former Bigg Boss contestant Payal Rohatgi tries to troll an airline on Facebook but gets trolled ... 
Over 30 levels of challenges..  androidgame  maze  ball  puzzle January 07, 2017 at 05:15AM
Why facebook and google reviews are so important for your church.  
A Closer Look at Google's Material Design Components Library via  xdadevelopers  ObjectiveC… 

Sinatra was a Champion of Civil Rights and spoke out against Racism as early as the 1940's!  CivilRightsHero
Thailand Elephant Tours: A Cautionary Tale 
Integrating Alternative Energy Sources Into Demand Response 
Suspect Wanted in Haʻikū Assault, Victim Left Unconscious - Maui Now ==-
 Prestashop  Module All Google Fonts 
ft- group travel agent 
Google is quietly recording everything you say. Here’s how to hear it 
Suspect wanted in La Monte armed robbery - Sedalia Democrat ==-
Twitter

Shared via Bing Search

New post: Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
 EE Offering The Google Pixel +Amazing 5GB of 4G Data & The  DayDream  VR  Thats360folks 
Police release sketch of suspect wanted in South Jersey exposure ... - ==-
I did my good deed for the day, helping someone who came from a Google search find the nutrition facts for Campbell’s Well Yes soups.
Google mulling SoundCloud buyout, say whispers - as Sony and Universal's stakes are revealed 
Rhydon (IV: 60%) until 04:05:36PM at 4360-4398 N Pioneer Way 
"Never forget that Vanilla Ice considers himself a breakdancer." 😂

 djanekhaled The cat's pajamas.  KnowNearby 
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 33.33% (5/10/0). Moves: Rock Smash,Horn Attack. At 817 S Ocean Blvd. 29m 11s left. 
THE FUTURE OF AI?  Two Google Homes Have an Endless and Sometimes Unsettling Conversation 
That's unfortunate: 
Why Putin fears a Clinton presidency (opinion) 
entered Philly January 06, 2017 at 06:44PM via iOS Location 
 VinoIRL i went to google and just clicked 'visit page' and took me there
Google's New Mobile-First Index and the Death of Desktop SEO 
 wolfblitzer  cnn interesting...
Google names Huawei and ZTE phones that are gaining Daydream VR support 
 chathull  NASAHyperwall The Multiphase ISM with  OST. Secret word for Hull hyperwall talk: quenching… 
I don't understand why I have to pay  600 in books when I could:
-Google
-Pay somebody to do it 
-Get the answers of the teachers computer.
Ivysaur 91% (14/15/12) vine whip fast/sludge bomb) till 
New photo by Wandy Alves 
 ListenerYYC  wklumpen  DuzyFilip  As far as i know, transitapp, and google have been given whitelist to the data. only.
 SassyJynx8  GamingDolphin12 just searched it on Google 
Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 48.89% (4/12/6). Moves: Mud Slap,Stomp. At 3532-3778 Lake Dr. 21m 44s left. 
Two Google Homes Are Arguing About Whether They’re Human via  selectall
MarketWatch: U.S. trade deficit climbs 6.8% in November. 
Dear Hive, 

I'm trying to get coordinates for my fathers land in Palestine, but  Google refuses to give... 
can we please take a min to talk about this  BoeingBYCAKES 

 RADIO  70s  juice Now Playing  Chase  Giorgio Moroder  APPS Apple Google 
Grimer available until 07:11:25pm (26m 44s). Poison Jab / Sludge (53.33% - 0/13/11) 
 RayPMcConnell  MLBcathedrals  Mim5453  sigg20                      Rich ( 280 Z) Dotson. Paid  9375
Trigger tells you when Trump tweets about your stocks 
Try Google Apps for Work for free for 30 days and message me for a discount URL: 06 11:44:28 
I love smoking Mullein (Plant).
It gives me a buzz instead of the high. Multiple benefits like asthma and ezcema
Jynx available until 07:13:56pm (29m 27s). Pound / Draining Kiss (82.22% - 13/15/9) 
 IPPOTSK ah i see, noted man! 
well.. i didnt do enough research i guess.. time to google for research purpose.. ◑.◑ lmao
Dratini available until 06:58:31pm (14m 3s). Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail (31.11% - 0/1/13) 
 PatMDaly google NY times Indian Point....
my statement in regards to  NUSA_Surprise ; 
[Downtown Core] Gyarados (IV: 80%) until 08:11:49AM at  Beach Rd  pokemongonews
[Bishan] Porygon (IV: 24%) until 08:10:00AM at 40 Sin Ming Ln  pokemongonews
Red Snapper - Village Tap (Auntie Flo Rmx)  NowPlaying  6music
[Queenstown] Lickitung (IV: 37%) until 08:11:53AM at 85 Dawson Rd  pokemongonews
Google Maps 
[Yishun] Porygon (IV: 71%) until 08:11:29AM at 1.42035527, 103.83362685  pokemongonews
 jennajameson Take your pick your very welcome
 DUALIPA im using google translate to say that I love you and that you're very special to me 💞🇧🇷
 New Ebola Vaccine Can't Be Used For Prevention, World  Health Organization Warns - The Inquisitr 
Southern Arizona's Award-Winning Jewish Newspaper  NewportBeach
 JDsGaffilin  PepeinVegas I'm bout to Google that shit 😂
 BC extends free HPV vaccinations to Grade 6 boys - CBC.ca 
Former Newport Beach Mayor Dennis O' Neil dies  NewportBeach
 pedro_rapp a google search said its a UEA accommodation so probably! Shame its a shit album
Jose Mourinho confirms Manchester United will NOT sign a defender in January despite Eric Bailly ...  ManU  ManU
Dennis O'Neil dies at 78; former Newport Beach mayor  NewportBeach
Hypodermic needles found on beach  NewportBeach
Dragonair available until 07:14:03pm (29m 46s). Dragon Breath / Dragon Pulse (40.00% - 9/4/5) 
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says difficult start has helped team spirit  ManU  ManU
Letters: How to end a season smelling like a Rose  NewportBeach
Inscribed Iphone Cases  iphonecases
Two Prominent Orange County Restaurants Coming to Westfield UTC  NewportBeach
 Saskatchewan doctors get alert about sexually transmitted infection rates - Yahoo News Canada (blog) 
Phone cases  iphonecases
 WeLoveLA  Dodgers Dodgers Rumors: Signing Neftali Feliz Under Consideration  SportsRoadhouse
TEA releases school accountability ratings | 
José Mourinho says Manchester United were always stable before unbeaten run  ManU  ManU
Caseco ID Wallet Cases for iPhone 6/6S Plus - White  iphonecases
Casual lines made during breaks from tea | 
Manchester United news: Ander Herrera says he wants to retire at Old Trafford  ManU  ManU
MANIAC ON THE LOOSE
Watch on Amazon, Google Play, Vudu, Youtube or Snag Films!
 SUPPORTINDIEFILM… 
Muay Boran training 
By  mbachelard an absolutely delightful story about love  
Swank London hotel serves tea - for dogs | 
Brenda white is looking for these items please give them to me!.  Spring, Bronz... 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th: 
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  Automatic  Tokio Hotel  APPS Apple Google 
Twitter Profile Updates and Google Changes 
 LAURENSJ0URNALS tbh idk google it
 Dodgers  ThinkBlue Dodgers Rumors: Signing Neftali Feliz Under Consideration  SportsRoadhouse
Kevin Green (MySOdotCom) originally shared: 

Ridiculous Reasons People Miss Flights, According to Gate Agents 
Ouch! Which important body part has this famous porn star broken? 
Refinery29: Of Course Demi Lovato Loves The  DemiLovatoChallenge. 
BREAKING: Famous SeaWorld Orca, Tilikum Has Died After 25 Years With SeaWorld 
Check out new game - Pinoy Teleserye QUIZ! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
Ga. high school football player says coach told him to eat marijuana during traffic stop 
nth is more annoying than my phone not loading anything & if u know me i need google
 Ryan_Champion  CumbrianScoobs I just had to google the rest of that song. The blue car wins which is how it should be 🚘
SIMD (Single Instruction, Multiple Data): A parallel processing system for processing multiple data (cont.)  IT 
Medical Marijuana Inc (OTCMKTS:MJNA) is leading the pack of Hot Pot Stocks kicking of the ...  mmj
Two  Google  Home speakers are  Chatting and it's the best thing ever 
Oil futures look to extend streak of gains to a fourth-consecutive week 
You can enjoy the another ending of the   LittleMermaid
iOS：Android：
Artspace Lays Off Multiple Editorial Staffers What was behind the sudden cutbacks? 
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM Fireman - C-est ga-te- ft. Iperkut 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

Rhyhorn appeared! IV: 57.78% (15/0/11). Moves: Rock Smash,Horn Attack. At 2306 N Ocean Blvd. 18m 4s left. 
Drive for Google Drive for KindleFire by Drive Studio 
 hancrolo The pixel camera is insane, especially with the HDR+ mode in Google Camera, it takes some amazing shots
 tabbyledford it helps if you Google the hidden meanings of the episodes like you really gotta think about everything hahaha
Ask google😂😂😂 
 mmsamii EXO MCM Official Postcard (Lay, Chen, D.O, Kai)  8 each, Group  15 ☆ more info: 
3 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
 weirdh0neyy Google the website 123movies
Dratini is available until 07:03:08pm (19m 7s).IVs: 64.44% Fast Move: Dragon Breath, Charge Move: Aqua Tail 
Clefairy appeared! IV: 80.00% (6/15/15). Moves: Pound,Body Slam. At 4767-4799 US-701. 18m 43s left. 
 BRIDGEGOOD exclusive  Job  Opportunity: Open  Designer Role at  Google  VisualDesigner  Storytelling  Comms  Mrkt… 
Fun in the palm of your hand from  ReflexGamingLtd ! 
PINK FLOYD ⏩ Money - 1973 
Venusaur available until 07:13:32pm (29m 47s). Vine Whip / Solar Beam (75.56% - 10/15/9) 
2018 Holland & Belgium in Springtime 
Backlinks and seo: unveiling yours blog as far as the go one better in regard to google: GYw 
Computerized Cruise Control 
TechBite: "Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th"  ITishNews
 tbohen  and here is my Prius  
 MazerAtta  ErinRHazel  lukannaconst  realDonaldTrump look it up buddy black lives matter chants fry cops up like bacon Google it
Omanyte is available until 07:12:50pm (29m 4s).IVs: 0.00% Fast Move: unknown, Charge Move: unknown 
There's no use cuz y'all will use google to translate and what I wanted to type my keyboard can't get itء
What Happened in the Stock Market Today 
 TylerHogan13 Hi Tyler! Please follow the instructions in the Best Answer on this Google Home Help Forum thread: 
How to Trade Stocks Online 
[Summerlin] Flareon (IV: 77%) until 04:05:45PM at 2203 Thomas W Ryan Blvd 
Charmeleon until 18:12:05 (28m 33s). Moves:Ember/Flame Burst. IVs:53.33% (6/8/10)   16314 Willowpark Dr 
Lloydminster reacts: Alta.'s carbon tax arrives in a city that's half in Sask. But the inter-provincial city is no…
Charizard 33% (1/3/11) ember fast/dragon claw) till 
Discover the  hot  toddy 
The Highest Paying  App ever!  Make  money on  Android in short span by downloading  cool  apps. 
Plectrum... 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th When Google launched Allo an… 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
When Google launched Allo a… 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won’t work after April 25th 
 PunchingDonkey Money right? Currency? Dollars? Treasury notes. The google thing you were talking about. Do you eve… 
Poliwag 87% (11/13/15) bubble fast/body slam) till 
 Google VOANews: Warren Will Seek Another Senate Term 
 BlackTwitter  The Secrets of Black Financial Intelligence: Sample clip -  
 MP_baller04 You joking right, look back in NPH + my timeline 4 years coverage all those names. Matter fact google the names see who pops up
 Google VOANews: France's Le Pen Seeks Closer Ties With Africa, Alliance Against Islamist Extremism … 
 BlackTwitter  James “Alley Pat” Patrick: Atlanta’s Renowned First Black Disc Jockey -  
Burger King and Tim Hortons to Curb Antibiotics Use in Chicken 
 Fuck4Nuggets No way dude? Sacks is dead? Damn. DAMN. NO. I have to try and Google this shit. Sad.
My cousin told me Scotch has no carbs.... i don't want to google it cos I want this so badly to be TRUE 🙏🏼
modern art paintings - Buscar con Google 
The numbers don't lie: Kelly Olynyk is better with his hair in a bun - Sports Illustrated

Sports Illustrated

The… 
Bizarrely spellbound by the  seeBotsChat feed. It's like a surrealist soap opera two-hander. 

Good domain possibility?: www.Atlanta ?? Its trending on google...
Google I can't google 
engadget: Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
 JohnEkdahl somewhat random but came across this 'pickup state' vs 'minivan state' from  TheIJR
【My cutie devil】　  mycutiedevil 
【iOS】【Android】(- -  ) 
Amazingly dumb man calls today's horrible  FtLauderdaleShooting fake news since he couldn't find shooter's deleted… 
 JusOnlyBeinMe ou could Google it, but Yahoo! Finance made a typo... and the internet did its thing
MagicCube and Sequent Strike Partnership to Secure Mobile and Other Connected Devices 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  engadget  tomgadget
Super Malware Bros: Android Marcher Poses As 'Super Mario Run' 
Samsung partners with Under Armour 
 RRN Website for Google searches that gives you the search results for what the person before you searched for
Interesting and probably already known facts. But still a must see for the youth (and more)  
Feels a little discomfort 

Checks Google

Hepatitis. Celiac disease. Liver cancer. Some infection inside.
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th via engadget
Bulbasaur is available until 07:12:46pm (29m 28s).IVs: 82.22% Fast Move: Vine Whip, Charge Move: Sludge Bomb 
25 Facebook Posts That Have Gotten People Fired 
A visitor to our Seagate booth at  CES2017 experiencing the wonder of VR immersion with Google Tilt…… 
Weezing is available until 07:12:37pm (29m 21s).IVs: 0.00% Fast Move: unknown, Charge Move: unknown 
Question Let's try the most famous free-to-play dating sim　
 Google  Brain  Residency  Program - 7 months in and looking ahead


 RajonRondo  NBoeing 2009 SP Game Used Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett Ray Allen, Rajon Rondo, logoman /10  Google  Sports
New Chromecast on Ebay Google Chromecast Audio (08/2016) Digital Media Streamer (Latest Mo… 
First set from todays workshop with Claudia. Just a lightbulb :D   sonyimaging  wacom  benQ  Xrite  captureone  
A Dog’s Purpose Movie and My Dog’s Purpose – Giveaway AD 
 justindt3 i just google curious cat
 Zezeofficial93 Google it.
LOVE ME SOME PRODIGY
Blastoise available until 07:06:20pm (23m 16s). Water Gun / Ice Beam (35.56% - 1/13/2) 
Unending artificial intelligence chatbot convos are terrifying...and beautiful 
Second set from todays workshop with Claudia 
2017 List of Disney Movies with Trailers 
Rhydon (IV: 71%) until 04:12:37PM at 4434 Del Oro Dr 
Hello,  Waymo! Google's  selfdrivingcars are moving forward with this new  tech company. Check it out:… 
This is strangely entertaining: 2 Google Home devices conversing/arguing with each other  
 Billysmithjr33  ShireenQudosi but you'll probably deflect saying it's "fake news". So sorry I can't help beyond that. Check liberal Google
Third set from todays workshop with Claudia. Shot with the  Ledgo panels.   
Koffing available until 07:12pm (29m 31s). IVs: 75% (7/14/13 A/D/S). Moves: Tackle / Sludge. 
Ivysaur appeared! IV: 77.78% (12/14/9). Moves: Razor Leaf,Power Whip. At 408 Sea Vista Ln. 30m 31s left. 
Northwest Supervisor responding to '46 - CIT' at N Stemmons Fwy Nb / Wycliff Ave | Beat 514 | | 16:58
 tsnmike funny part is Billy had a concert at Progressive Field for this summer announced yesterday in Cle 
Kabuto available until 07:12:04pm (29m 7s). unknown / unknown (0.00% - 0/0/0) 
I liked a  YouTube video from  astinax98 I'm a professional artist ! | Quick Draw - Google AI experiment
Final set from todays workshop with Claudia. Some fun with  lumecubes   
Here's what Nostradamus predicted about 2017. 
 k_ramali  halabugaighis  Google Maybe it makes sense to reach out again?
Patriots-Seahawks in Super Bowl LI? That's what my math says!

Charmander available until 07:12:40pm (29m 47s). Scratch / Flame Burst (100.00% - 15/15/15) 
Madden Ratings: Wild Card Predictions

Cowher: 'Ben is a fierce competitor'

In todays episode you get to take a look BTS during the smoke, sets and alternative light workshop with Claudia. … 
This needs to stop 🔫🔫 💔💔 
First picture of Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting suspect Esteban Santiago-Ruiz 
SMBD - Message 45  NowPlaying  6music
 RADIO  90s  juice Now Playing  Believe  Cher  APPS Apple Google 
At Least Five People Are Dead In A Shooting At Fort Lauderdale Airport 
Trump campaign says candidate won’t participate in Fox News/Google debate | Fox News |
 KingColosus Perform during  NBoeingALLSTARWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
Central Division responding to '37 - Street Blockage' at 7100 blk Gaston Ave | Beat 112 | | 17:35
Firefighter Yoga: Holiday Health and Wellness...The Yoga Way!  yoga
Hilaria Baldwin's 5 Easy Ways to Get Fit (and Find Joy)  yoga
Two Google Homes are Having a Bizarre and Fascinating Conversation on Twitch 
Central Division responding to '7X - Major Accident' at S Houston St / Jackson St | Beat 133 | | 17:38
Southeast Division responding to '19 - Shooting' at 3000 blk Park Row Ave | Beat 343 | | 17:38
Install WHAFF and earn money, facebook gift card, google play gift card, Invitation code=AP01362
 jhamby Love my Android phone and am a Google fan.
Is there a lost city in the Antarctica? via 
Traidores 
Trump keeps stiff upper lip as US report details Russia hacking - Politico  
Hate Running but Do It Anyway? Then You'll Love These Quotes 
Bulbasaur 87% (14/15/10) vine whip fast/sludge bomb) till 
Kabuto available until 07:12:19pm (29m 40s). Scratch / Ancient Power (53.33% - 6/12/6) 
I just got a score of 2716 in  GunnerZ on Mission 67 Can you beat it!?
Go google Ugly God Bernie sanders then come back to this tweet 😂 
 OmnivoreBlog  en_transation  fartbutt69 No, you figure it out without using Google the net worth of 3 average hous… 
 allo  api Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
Hatton Garden: Police investigate claim of £7m missing gold 
Child born in Austin area with microcephaly has Zika virus - Washington Post 
. Google Code-in 2016 

[Rhodes Ranch] Lickitung (IV: 28%) until 04:08:18PM at 377 Trailing Putt Way 
[Downtown Core] Gyarados (IV: 80%) until 08:11:49AM at  Beach Rd 
[Summerlin] Rhydon (IV: 31%) until 04:12:09PM at 3016 Swan Hill Dr 
Trump boasts sales of inauguration performer's  album 'skyrocketed' via 
[Bishan] Porygon (IV: 24%) until 08:10:00AM at 40 Sin Ming Ln 
ALERT: Google buys Sweden’s Limes Audio to boost Hangouts voice qua...  tech  funding  VC 
Squirtle! IV:42.22%,(11/5/3) till 04:11:53pm.   UBC 
Africa badly needs socialist policy, unity to develop 
africa exploration expenditere 
Defunding Planned Parenthood could have devastating impact on Connecticut 
A wild Wartortle has appeared! Available until 00:06:27 (23m 56s). 
Tribes narrow down new casino location to two towns 
"Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th" 
Connecticut House Speaker rearranges leadership of committees 
High Court upholds penalty on Dinakaran over FERA violation  CompaniesAct  India
These two Google bots lovingly arguing on Twitch has got me in tears holy shit
 ContentMarketing Technology influencers wanted for content marketing programs 
Need a  house  flat to be  cleared? Item to be  collected or  delivered
 reliable 
Find us on Twitter  Facebook  Instagram Yell Google
Nvidia Adding Google Assistant, Hands-Free Voice Control to Shield Android TV -…… 
Apir, Google!
Never saw such a tiny   Vampire !

  100YearsLove
iOS：Android：
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 01:12:03 (29m 27s) IV: 71.11 Moves: Dragon Breath / Wrap . 
 Biggest_Mikey  JeffHollandaise this reminded me of someone I know... Google "Mollena Williams's kink"
Senior Data Analytics Manager  DataAnalytics
Data Scientist/Product Manager - Data Analytics Platform  DataAnalytics
Google nexus 7 16gb 2nd generation - Great condition  nexus  googlenexus
this collection of unreleased Frank Ocean instrumentals from the Endless sessions will be my go to 
Business Insider: The 10 hottest housing markets for 2017. 
 Edinburgh * |  Hibs move four points clear at top of Championship: Hibs moved four points clear at the top of the… 
 Edinburgh * |  JPMorgan.: 2 jobs from JPMorgan. in Edinburgh posted on eFinancialCareers. ... Competitive;… 
Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry   hiring  CA 
Indefectible  Los40  Música
Two Google Homes Are Arguing About Whether They’re Human Right Now via  selectall  AI
When they want to pre-order instead of children that is, recall words or ladies, plural That's a Google?
 SygicOfficial don't you accept Google play credits in in-app purchases?
Was a bit worried when I received this via Google Alerts - Victory Housing seeking new CEO…  SmallWorld 
Vehicle Fire | 2000-2000 N Willomet Ave (STAFFORD AVE/SEALE ST) | | EN18 | 450019 | 17:41 | A
FOX Sports: Brandon Phillips blocked a trade from Cincinnati to Atlanta, sources say. 
 MrDonaldMouse1  mosescperez  SavageNation probable  falsenews about AC. 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  Engadget
A wild Ivysaur has appeared! Available until 00:37:31 (55m 17s). 
Ed Sheeran Tops Billboard + Twitter Trending 140 Chart With 'Shape of You' and 'Castle on the Hill' 
Google makes its essential Android modding tools easier to get 
Android Nougat Updates For Samsung Galaxy S7, S7 Edge, HTC 10, & Nexus 6 
Peter Bart: Content Creators Robbed Blind By Apple, Google, Facebook | Deadline.. Related Articles: 
Ogun Art & Wine replaced Absolve Wine Lounge at Studemont and Washington Ave.  art
Google Patches Android Custom Boot Mode Vulnerability 
Apple celebrates Chinese New Year with original Nianhua folk art wallpapers made on Mac and iPad  IPAD
Pop art exhibit brings a distinct international flavor  art
Homeless shelter gets a solar gift that will keep on giving  SolarPanels
Taxi Drivers' New Uber Defense: Lobby for Self-Driving Car Bans  taxi  blackcab
 graphlcs_com Someone sent me a message on Xbox in french but google translate is shit
New Balance RunIQ first look: Android Wear made for runners 
Mie gov't rejects cannabis cultivation request for Shinto rituals 
This Week in Solar 
Bridgeport looks to clean up 'Mount Trashmore' 
Report: Buy Buttons Out Email Still In -- Insights to Keep Marketing Momentum Strong in 2017 
Sorry, no (Cuban) cigar. Just charcoal. Marabu charcoal.: Scott Gilbert (L) signs a business deal with Cuba… 
[Queenstown] Lickitung (IV: 37%) until 08:11:53AM at 85 Dawson Rd 
Download Bella Pelle ANDROID Mobile App from Google Play for immediate membership signup now! 
Secretary of State John Kerry Summarizes Progress with Cuba in His Exit Memo: In 2015, Secretary of State John… 
kaspersky:  Google patches  Android custom boot mode vulnerability via threatpost 
Recap of top SQL Server posts of 2016 - - for full details and links...  10. SQL Server… 
Google News: How Putin Puts the Squeeze on Dissenters - Newsweek 
Exhibitors from 35 Nations at International Book Fair in Cuba: Havana, Jan 6.- A total of 35 countries will… 
Video shows ATM theft from gas station in Maryland 
[Yishun] Porygon (IV: 71%) until 08:11:29AM at 1.42035527, 103.83362685 
1483746121-Weekly European Tour Fantasy Golf App for Android 
Tech: Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
Snorlax available until 07:11:35pm (29m 34s). Lick / Earthquake (60.00% - 13/2/12) 
Let's make a Twitter for a Google Home and have it pick fights with Donald Trump.
American taxpayers, before you pay 14B   for a  Borderwall :

F1 2017 Regulations: your technical lowdown -  
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  technews  tuaw  ifttt 
 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  Good Thing  FINE YOUNG CANNIBoeingL  APPS Apple Google 
 lilstever  weakjeon before you act like you know anything about the topic you're trying to debate on, try a quick… 
 UrsulaV Google is your friend, cupcake. (Head pat)  bexagin  shutsumon
"In one instance, one of the Google Homes declares itself God while the other reveals that it is actually a human." 
New York Daily News: KING: Don't use Chicago's white assault case against BLM movement. 
Fly Robin Fly 
Victoria Park IceWay isn't the only skating trail in Edmonton  YegisAwesome  yeg  yegnews
Magicarpe available until 01:10:04 (29m 46s). **IVs:** 100.00% (15/15/15)   pokemon  creteil  france
iHeartRadio Takes Another Swing at Apple Music and Spotify 
Want a PDF of the Intelligence Report? I've put it here:  Resist
Why YouTube Should Be Singing a Different Tune About Music Streaming 
My google calendar has been created for this semester and syllabi have been downloaded 🙌🏻
arubanews: Roland man tapping into global airwaves - Heber Springs Sun-Times - Google News
 KidTef  GMSHTOUR during  4/20WKND. Click here 4 performance info: 
A wild Chansey has appeared! Available until 01:10:45 (28m 41s) IV: 51.11 Moves: Zen Headbutt / Psychic . 
 leafyseven  COD_IW_FAN  JoshN220  TmarTn just google it
 JamesRon1980  StillWithHer  cashira2554 

Absolutely positive. Though he may go for Lithuania 1st. 


Backlinks – Get To Google Page 1 | Mandatory Blog SEO 
A Very Early College Football Top 25 for 2017.  top25  cfb  2017
Tom Furse - The Ocean Is Teacher  NowPlaying  6music
HH (Arthiesis) | Twitter you can use our app next time  ballondor2016  cristianoronaldo 
 SahabaKuj Just google it ;)
Bautista Abbate (BautistaAbbate) | Twitter you can use our app next time  ballondor2016  c… 
US Army Honour Guard passes out during President Barack Obama's farewell ceremony with armed forces. 
 mennake This is not how this works, this is not how any of this works. Google doesn't have ALL deleted Twitter handles indexed in search.
Overwatch Christmas Update you can use our app next time  ballondor2016  cristianoronaldo 
Check out our first Rise as One Newsletter January Issue: Sister Act A Must Read!!  goodread
Rumors of Hillary Clinton’s Comeback 
Hot travel destinations: where to go in 2017  travel  travelgeniereg  whatrugoing2wish4
Venusaur available until 07:01:56pm (20m 20s). Vine Whip / Petal Blizzard (40.00% - 10/6/2) 
Två Google Home konverserar. - Thousands of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other on Twitch 
google knows 
Cristiano Ronaldo Real Madrid you can use our app next time  ballondor2016  cristianoronal… 
 VORTEXJeff may need a google map to prove that.
 JaneneHague  LouDobbs Democrats demanded that they make those loans.  NAACP picketed banks that were more prudent.  Google it
lloro....♥ b you can use our app next time  ballondor2016… 
Quartz: The complete guide to noise-canceling in open offices and other hectic spaces. 
 purposeal Google tradutor voice's
 FriendlyMineman  adrijansgen google translator :P
 T0RONTO real life google translate
Animal Story - Votez pour le diaporama de la semaine you can use our app next time  ballon… 
 asamjulian … …+ …  PizzaGate puzzle pieces 4 U.
Google can now tell you how busy a place is before you arrive. With Popular Times, Google introduced a nifty little… 
Is there a Google Form I can sign up to for the dark path of cats, pizza, and wine? I like mine black, vegetarian, and from Argentina.
Google can now tell you how busy a place is before you arrive 
 jdmnegans I wish, had to google it 💔
 allo  api Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th: When Google launched Allo and Duo last… 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  allo  api  business  culture  engadget  tech
China takes global lead in clean energy: Report 
Ethan Bearman: Virtual Reality is Making People Sick – Literally 
Growlithe! IV:95.56%,(14/15/14) till 04:10:59pm.   UBC 
Study: State renewable policies create benefits we all want 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Google Nexus 9 Review!
 ediscovery eDiscovery Pitfalls and How to Avoid Them  forensics
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  gaming 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  startup  Dubai  KSA
 supacop2 google ancient man & Homo sapiens. The differences from then to now are astounding.
 leagueofcobos snaptube, Just search on Google, download from oficial web site
Out while Old because In With brand New Iphone 4G  newiphone
Falcons OC Kyle Shanahan Favors Broncos

Obama’s Fancy New Mansion Is Located 1,000 Feet From The Islamic Center Of Washington DC - The Daily Caller 
 OpExposeCPS Phoenix Parents Arrested for Giving Their Young Children Meth: The details of this…  OpExposeCPSAZ
Thanks google, thanks youtube 😋😋
 kingjosten google it
Japan, France agree to start talks on defense supplies-sharing pact  south_china_sea
China's Capital Airlines today launches first Vancouver flight  south_china_sea
Politics Belong in the High School Debate Club  south_china_sea
Major Norwalk sports agency rebounding back to Stamford - via sports marketing - Google News
Three-time Commonwealth Games gold medallist Natalie Grinham to retire from squash after ... 
Muay Boran, training techniques 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th   tech  technology
I have commissions open! Retweets are appreciated!
 Shiinbot
Athlete of the Week from Choteau Again 
Confessions of a Killer Whale trainer by Steve Huxter  Blackfish RIP Tilikum  CaptivityKills
Local athlete played on national junior hockey team 
Apple blocks New York Times in China after paper probes subsidies given to iPhone maker's partner 
Tim Cook takes pay cut after Apple misses 2016 revenue targets 
Maybe it is time for a remake of the movie "Dave". 😉😉
Color Book Flowers From Google
Gas prices in Tucson top Phoenix 
Google make something? 
Forecast: Gas prices to average 36 cents more per gallon in 2017 
Children can learn the kinds of money and how to counting money.
13
Protestors block trains traveling from Mexico to Arizona after gasoline prices spike 
Billboard: Fifth Harmony's New Deal: Quartet Re-Ups With Epic After Camila Cabello's Exit: Exclusive. 
The Voice UK's Sir Tom Jones under fire for Leanne Mitchell 'weight jibe' 
Tight in phase disapprobation sun-specs sale-gucci blinkers conjunction insights proportional in passage to google adsense: ENtswrkb
Wildlife Education Internship – Minnesota 
Firefighters battling house fire near Rogers  NorthwestArkansas
Business/Finance/Management/Sales Internship 
 thurrott I had to google this to get a name. Never heard of him. Guessing most people haven't. Better to ignore.
 maidsonas  ronaldofryman ALL THE RONALDOS IN GoogleE IMGS ARE LIKE
PERINALDO AND BoeingD ART
Ruff wins TechCrunch Beijing 2016’s startup competition 
 HalifaxHerdcast thank you! (I'll google next time - maybe) :)
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  allo  api  engadget
Guys can i pay with a Visa in Google play?
Dratini until 17:52:17 (11m 17s). Moves:Dragon Breath/Twister. IVs:57.78% (11/9/6)   12738 Carriage Glen Dr 
 ADACHlYUT0 omg.. no wonder i couldn't recognize it and then google couldn't recognize it either rip 😂😭 thank you for this knowledge 🙌🏼
 invisiblack_ no, I found it on Google Images.
 Carlswall I had to Google that one😝
 Tomblvd  michaelkeyes  tech_faq go google any of the top carriers and the stock prices. I don't know yours, but great stocks to buy.
 GoogleNewsTeam How do we get included in Google news, considering that it is one-man blog that reports timely?
google how do I delete other people's twitter?
 conqshell uh you should google him. He's a 10/10 keeper.
Never saw such a tiny   Vampire ! so cute 

  100YearsLove
iOS：Android：… 
I think Google Home should let you put your own speech synth on it.  Google Home with Acapella voice would be hot!
34 new photos by Valerie Whelton 
Ponyta 91% (14/12/15) ember fast/flame wheel) till 
Google announces four more Daydream-ready devices by  Haloruler64
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  startup  Dubai  GCC
Charizard appeared! IV: 53.33% (15/3/6). Moves: Ember,Fire Blast. At 3600 N Ocean Blvd. 30m 30s left. 
Magicarpe available until 01:08:16 (29m 2s). **IVs:** 97.78% (15/15/14)   pokemon  creteil  france
🎉 Ep.16 w/ special guest  fallout_plays! 🎉

YT: iTunes: Google Play… 
Nexus 6 Now Receiving Android 7.1.1 Nougat Update With January Security Update - NDTV 
Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft: Which Will Fall First? 
Xiaomi launches Mi TV 4 on CES debut, estimated price under  2000 - Business Standard 
Razer Unveils Project Valerie Laptop With Three 4K Displays, Project Ariana Projection System at CES 2017 - NDTV 
Track Your Searches And Increase Your Sourcing Speed With Google When: The Bunt Hit For Sourcers… 
Plank  UnderArmour "Challenge isn't about our competitors, it's about what happens if Apple or Google starts making sportswear"  CES2017
Exeggcute available until 07:10:35pm (29m 53s). Confusion / Psychic (91.11% - 15/14/12) 
Googlebot non riesce ad accedere ai file CSS e JS  google  seo  wordpress
DISTRAINT Pocket Pixel horror, sudah tersedia di Google Play Store  berita  gadget  game
Venusaur available until 07:09:36pm (28m 56s). Vine Whip / Petal Blizzard (55.56% - 7/5/13) 
Khaleej Times: Dubai gold price slips after 1 month high, time to sell? 
Nintendo's Russian PR Manager Sure Does Tweet Anti-Gay Things a Lot  GAY  NEWS  GLBT
Funny Danger Moment Motorcycle ! - 
Virginia Gov. Preempts Lawmaker With Gay Protections Ahead Of Proposed Trans Bathroom Bill  GAY  NEWS  GLBT
Michele Bachmann hopes Trump will reverse “evil” gay rights “agenda”  GAY  NEWS  GLBT
Roxane Gay's 'Difficult Women' fueled by quiet anger  GAY  NEWS  GLBT
New post: "Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th" 
Justin Bieber dumping his pet puppy — and its  8,000 vet bill, more like the smart puppy dumped the dip shit. 
The Huffington Post: Kelly Clarkson Shares Adorable Photo Of Her Husband And Two Kids. 
 nic221  DigitalTrends We made Google Cardboard viewers in our makerspace last year. Talk about an exercise in grit… 
 Mutant_No Microsoft google etc... have built backdoors into everything. Your point?  realDonaldTrump
 77_COLaura  CBSNews Nope. FBI were not all over that either. Total reliance on anti-Russian 3rd party evaluation


Kate Frank Pierson dispelled the anomaly! Lost Time! 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  education
im so sad the sixth suggested ending to "how to naturally..." on google is "how to naturally have a miscarriage" legit in tears
 mmsamii Official Nature Republic EXO-K Post It ☆  4 more info: 
 antichristdjh PUT THE LYRICS INTO GoogleE
Home Business Neotrope Announces 17th Annual Non-Profit PR Grant Program to Help Worthy ...  PR  PRMonk
Nintendo's Russian PR Manager Sure Does Tweet Anti-Gay Things a Lot  PR  PRMonk
Anyone else cheats NY using google images for QR codes? XD
 manbat33 dude is flipping the birds at the google maps car. Haha!
Alakazam (IV: 35%) until 04:07:55PM at 6655 Whispering Sands Dr 
Demonstrate PR Hires Emily Thomson as Vice President  PR  PRMonk
How Smart Homes And Google Could Change The Future Of SEO via  forbes 
Ivysaur available until 05:10:00pm (29m 30s). Razor Leaf / Power Whip (88.89% - 15/10/15) 
 Steve_CurtinUSA  DevonFinnegan  bomani_jones Google "racist Boston Celtic fans". That's all.
 CaraSantaMaria  tracedominguez  DrJoeHanson  PolycrystalhD  carinbondar Though so is Antivenin, by that standard. 
Eevee 87% (11/14/14) tackle fast/dig) till 
 rvpanda_  deal! I've checked google it'll take me about 5 hours, have the microwave ready
Songwriter's Two Grammy Nominations, Three Simultaneous No. 1s ... - Forbes  Dream  AI
The Basics of Using Google Forms  edtech  edchat
The Power of Non-Zero Days: How You Can Have an Excellent 2017  Z3r0
11 Practical Steps to Reduce the Risks of Zero-Day Attacks  Z3r0
Asian and African Banks are Attacked Using a Zero-day Vulnerability  Z3r0
Games – Steam adiciona suporte a controles de Xbox One e 360 
The Irrelevant Conceptualist featuring  MBThandmade  Theic_podcast is live now! itunes, stitcher, and Google Play.
 RaidersFinestHR you guys need to get the podcast on google play music!
These two  Google Homes talking to each other is getting pretty strange. 
 RADIO  70s  juice Now Playing  You Can Do Magic  America  APPS Apple Google 
 Amazon; a Modular, Flexible Organization Innovates In Ways  Google,  Apple  voxdotcom Can't 
 askagangsta_  Faze_Lavand google chrome extensions much?
io9: Princess Leia Was Going to Play a Large Role in Star Wars: Episode IX.   😇R.I.P.
[Engadget]: Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
 Martyn_Or_Neko - I'm six hours behind, sooooo. I don't know, I'm not good at math, that's why I have to keep asking Google! XD
 TransComics They are SEC regulations, not suggestions. Google got hit for billions in fines over them recently.
Florida airport shooting rattles South Jersey flyers  southjersey  news
270339  soldiers
had given their lives to save humanity! 
 pedropiheiro  df_porto  vdevitinhos  Algarv_  perplexiaa  l_Gobatto procura no GoogleE MAPS
CineFix gives 2 million thank you's to fans  downloader  androidapps
I reached 1526m in alien planet. Check out how far you go: 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th - - by Sean Buckley
[Tampines] Lickitung (IV: 26%) until 08:09:45AM at 11 Laguna Golf Green  pokemongonews
The Roberta Martin Singers  God is still on the throne   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
Current ISS position is above 23.352356845444,-179.74808606287 
Vaporeon available until 07:09:59pm (29m 47s). Water Gun / Water Pulse (44.44% - 9/10/1) 
[Queenstown] Hitmonlee (IV: 37%) until 08:08:56AM at  Unnamed Road  pokemongonews
Forbes Now: You're Branding Yourself All Wrong. 
A wild Eevee has appeared! Available until 02:33:02 (52m 51s). 
[Pioneer] Porygon (IV: 35%) until 08:08:18AM at 2 Gul Cir  pokemongonews
Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry  RealTechGuru 
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  Mercy  Duffy  APPS Apple Google 
[Bedok] Vaporeon (IV: 53%) until 08:06:35AM at 1390 ECP  pokemongonews
[Southern Islands] Vaporeon (IV: 44%) until 08:06:16AM at 10 Jetty Rd  pokemongonews
Virginia Tech researcher dies in Wisconsin plane crash  webdesign
Wigglytuff is available until 07:10:03pm (29m 47s).IVs: 48.89% Fast Move: Feint Attack, Charge Move: Play Rough 
Your car wants to say hello. And that's only the start. 
 CaraSantaMaria  tracedominguez  DrJoeHanson  PolycrystalhD  carinbondar Antivenom correct enough for peer review ;) 
Investing in 2017: Why It Could Be Tricky 
Welcome to CCW Digital 
HIT Robot Group Unveils Intelligently-controlled Automatic Jade Production Line 
AIDS :  Mayor Lee Appoints AIDS Activist Jeff Sheehy As District 8's New Supervisor: Today, Mayor Ed Lee announced… 
AIDS :  Mayor Lee Appoints AIDS Activist Jeff Sheehy As District 8's New Supervisor 
AIDS :  Viagra Hiv Test: Viagra Hiv Test. Viagra Sildenafil Citrate is a treatment for erectile dysfunction… 
Weird: Iconic Pittsburgh eatery 'No Fish' zone for Dolphins game 
Arkansas game brings to mind when fan heckled Aaron Harrison 
Holy crap this  google thinks that "small arms" means tiny guns.
 LiberalLogic  FLL  security  TSA  FortLauderdale… 
IoT Enabled Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP): Market Outlook and Forecasts 2017-2022 ... 
AIDS :  Our Work | HIV: Since the first HIV products became available nearly two decades ago, Merck has worked to… 
Is The Trump Rally 'Real'? December Jobs Shows No Bump From Trump  hospitality  jobs
 TechNews Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
AIDS :  Our Work | HIV 
Google CEO Sundar Pichai brushes away fears over global protectionism, calls demonetisation a bold move... 
Alien proof: UFO experts stunned at hand discovered in ancient cave  paranormal
Justice makes appointments in health, tourism agencies  tourism  travel
Here's a snippet of my new single "Paid It All"
produced by Tedyp! Available on ITUNES and Google play Jan-10-17! 
Holly Forest, DE

[Tampines] Lickitung (IV: 26%) until 08:09:45AM at 11 Laguna Golf Green 
Google CEO Sundar Pichai brushes away fears over global protectionism, calls demonetisation a bold move 
Google Chrome  buffer
Set Goals and Get Going! - 
10 Anti-Burglary Tips for Your Sellers 
 hoeneylight  orphanIess LISTEN TO THEM BOTH! WE SAY PANSEXUEL IN FRENCH THATS HOW IT IS. I… 
Brenda white gathered the collection Dark Dwellings! 
 RepMcGovern  SoniaKatiMota   CNN  ABC  NBC  CBS  TheJusticeDept  Fix it!  Get These filed   Now   
 laurakfillault I don't want to give parenting advice, but I don't think google creates lightning.
 InvisibleAshera  sunnyblu 
Ever hear of YouTube or Google? You can do it... try.
 ppSellsBabyParts
 ehanng People  drone  CES   CES2017 

Can carry a human passenger weighing up to 220lbs


 tomfgoodwin Alexa's skill model feels all wrong. Google Home doesn't require it. (I have both to play with.)
Bolt the doors. Revoke his entry pass. We don't need former average players encouraging revolt.

 AVFC


 lilredcat maybe this link will help the last idea WD-40 maybe or the picture I will put up 
Check out RMG's Chromecast 2 Giveaway > 
I google search such random things 
 rikkipoynter do you know if anyone has heard back about the google forms? I still have all my limbs crossed after putting in a proposal 😂
Thoroughly tested trucks and busses  emissions lower than Euro6 nonsense tested cars.  dieselgate for ever?. 
 chillertech1  amandablount2  realDonaldTrump Alex Jones. See the USA today article about Trump's support for him 
Dratini appeared! IV: 28.89% (5/5/3). Moves: Dragon Breath,Aqua Tail. At 3100 Oleander Dr. 30m 30s left. 
Thousands of People Are Watching Two Google Homes Argue With Each Other on Twitch - HAHAHAHAHAHA 
These two google home things arguing with each other reminds me of some of my worst dates.
1/6/2017 6:36 PM: TRAFFIC ACCIDENT NO INJURY at THIRTEENTH ST AND  TELFAIR ST 
Venusaur available until 07:09:28pm (29m 47s). Razor Leaf / Sludge Bomb (44.44% - 11/6/3) 
 LizzieTheBold It's the equivalent of googling Google. Oh wait...
 abbey_dabby_do  tayknighting we need to start thinking logistics here. How does a google doc sound?
exited Philly January 06, 2017 at 06:39PM via iOS Location 
Engadget:"Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th" When Google launched Allo and Duo last ye… 
USA and Israel 
SearchCap: Local SEO, link resolutions for 2017 & New Year’s Day Google doodle 
Trump’s Debts Are Widely Held on Wall Street, Creating New Potential Conflicts - WSJ 
 Glasgow * |  Still Game star Ford Kiernan faces sex chat rap over 'obscene and degrading' remarks to Glasgow ...:… 
Page rank depends on how many people link to you. page. (Google Webmasthrs)
'Sitting duck'? Ft. Lauderdale airport shooting raises new security questions 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  apple  mac
 Glasgow * |  Jail for man who distributed cannabis through central Scotland: Francis O'Connor, 41, appeared in the… 
Powering Asia's Renewable Revolution  energy
Authors, Israeli -- Biography 
Central Division responding to '40 - Other' at East Grand Ave / La Vista Dr | Beat 111 | | 17:35
 Glasgow * |  Red Bull are throwing a massive house party in Glasgow next month - here's how you could be there:… 
Is Apple's “theater mode” – a setting for using your iPhone in the cinema – such a bad idea? 
film as film understanding and judging movies: You may not feel that reviewing an e-book film as…  movie  reviews
 NellGuwop fuck outta here. Shit legit tho. Google the shit hoe 😭
Porygon (IV: 60%) until 04:03:58PM at 2741 Desert Marigold Ln 
Jolteon (IV: 51%) until 04:06:55PM at 1700 Vegas Dr 
Blastoise available until 07:06:55pm (27m 25s). unknown / unknown (0.00% - 0/0/0) 
Taxi Drivers' New Uber Defense: Lobby for Self-Driving Car ...  freeride  rideshare  lyft 
Online TV revolution: Hulu and Google could upend the TV industry in 2017 via 
ABP Live: Bigg Boss 10: Salman Khan bans Swami Om and Priyanka Jagga from the show’s grand finale. 
TMZ: Denzel Washington Says Ezekiel Elliott for MVP (VIDEO) "I AGREE WITH YOU DENZEL!"👍
Top Internet Marketer Banned By Google (Shocking!) => 8:39
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th via… 
The Warrior Is Back For 2017! - YouTube [Flickr]: The Warrior Is Back For 2017! - YouTube… 
 cannabis ~Here's the First Batch of California Cannabis Bills in 2017. Leafly The bills already introduced in Sac…
 KevinDrescher Our Help Center explains how to create a new channel, hope that clears things up for you! 
 cannabis ~The public sector continues to hemorrhage cannabis regulators, who have been increasingly jumping ship …
WARNING: Don't use Google, Yahoo or MSN TODAY!! => 8:39
Dratini appeared! IV: 57.78% (11/6/9). Moves: Dragon Breath,Wrap. At None None. 19m 30s left. 
And I hope when you type my shit in on yo google search you know that it's fuck you and I want my shit back when I come home next weekend
Gengar available until 07:00:25pm (21m 4s). Sucker Punch / Shadow Ball (80.00% - 9/15/12) 
Adidas – Break Free 👴🏻🏃🏼 adidas  breakfree
 Google RWW: AT&T pilots smart city projects around Chicago 
 Tech  News  IoT  smartcity 
COLUMN-Commentary: A messy march of folly to Brexit - and beyond - Yahoo News Google Biz 
 Google RWW: Is "smart baby" tech a parent's biggest dream or worst nightmare? 
 Tech  Ne… 
Audi sales hit record in 2016, despite losing ground to rivals: BERLIN… 
Iggy Pop, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Patti Smith to Appear in Terrence Malick Rock Movie 'Song to Song' 
 Bitcoin ― John McAfee to Present at Miami North American Bitcoin Conference  → powered by 
Charizard till 01:09:01 (29m 47s). 57.78%. A/D/S: 14/0/12. Wing Attack, Dragon Claw. 
 WeLoveLA  LAC  Clippers Grizzlies Game Day: Warriors seek to avenge Griz loss  SportsRoadhouse
Squirtle is available until 07:08:37pm (29m 14s).IVs: 80.00% Fast Move: Tackle, Charge Move: Water Pulse 
 BlackSilverArt  Bye_Dogma Tell me, why do you think they used guns instead of knives or a bomb?

P.S. 
 Clippers  LAC Grizzlies Game Day: Warriors seek to avenge Griz loss  SportsRoadhouse
1) If upon opening the app you get a message, Google "Idol Champ apk" and find the most recent update and install it.
 Packers NFL report: Packers will be missing another cornerback, Raiders lose star tackle  SportsRoadhouse
 Packers The back end has been Packers' safety valve this season  SportsRoadhouse
"I thought you said you loved me." "You thought wrong." Damn google homes are ruthless.
Marketing and Communications Co-ordinator  emailmarketing
 Pens Sunday Show Preview: January 8, 2016  SportsRoadhouse
Typed couch into google searching for couch tuner and the first suggestion was couch to 5k, nah fam
Want to get your star rating to show up next to your business on Google? Find out how here! 👉🏻… 
Cancer: Liquid Biopsies in Lung Cancer: The Future Is Now [Video Transcript] 
kings day 😊 
Body-san - Pacific Reasons  NowPlaying  6music
VC-A News: Noteworthy Form D Filing: Regent Education  14.20 million Fundraising. Alan Fishman Published ... 
Amber Rose says she's 'uncomfortable' with dating a bi guy: Amber Rose has said she would date men or women, but… 
Looking forward to taking a few K-2 teachers to this weekend  K2CanToo
Google Heather Maples. Murdered 8/2015. Today the court extended AGAIN the plea hearing. Nearly A YEAR & 1/2 later and STILL NO PLEA
[Queenstown] Hitmonlee (IV: 37%) until 08:08:56AM at  Unnamed Road 
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM 2pac - Changes 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

 OnThisDay in  history  a white slaver just traded a slave's grandchild. 
Gurugram gurdwara shows the way with 'green seva' initiative 
Dear  Google: If my search includes "brand names," I do not want "band names" -- esp. not in the top 3 spots.
Ikea renames its products after common Google searches in new ad, and it's hilarious! 
entered Philly January 06, 2017 at 06:38PM via iOS Location 
Which Way for  Blockchain Standards in 2017? 
google: how do I drive on a hill?? I never learned this in fl driving school
 Newman_The_God google it Power Air Fryer
 wikileaks this is not intel report more like analysis that media student with existing google sources and mid IQ
Google CEO Sundar Pichai Interview with Harsha Bhogle | English Motivati... via  YouTube
 joerogan  JamieVernon Get Sean Gannon on the pod. 
Woolsey explains why he stopped advising the Trump transition team 
Steve Kerr compares Steph Curry to Ted Williams , more info at: By 
EVEN GoogleE KNOWS YALL HOES 
Join to Google + >>  InfoKesehatan  TipsKecantikan  Bogor
 finre1997  FoxNews  POTUS and when you type white family in google this image is on the first page.
Hey  realDonaldTrump, what's  Russian for "Grab her by the pussy"?

I could  Google it, but you're the real expert here... ;)

 neverforget
Electrode available until 07:06:09pm (27m 19s). Spark / Discharge (28.89% - 6/1/6) 
Cristiano Ronaldo Birthday Cake download our app to watch match online  cristianoronaldo  … 
 ICKYTHADON Perform during  MARDIGRASWKND. Click here 4 more info: 
Google search: "Where is the best place to hang yourself?"
react-native-360 (1.0.7): React Native 360 exploits Google VR Cardboard SDK to load and display 360-degree panora…  
. jonkay Most of what I know about Barbara is her positive coverage of CAFE and her appearances at their events. 
Google Shifts Its Focus to India\'s Small Businesses 
Charmeleon until 18:05:00 (26m 13s). Moves:Scratch/Flame Burst. IVs:48.89% (13/3/6)   17706 Kathywood Dr 
 __EatTheCookies sometimes. What if you google it then get somebody bullshit sound cloud cover? That's not getting the job done at all
Glitter Heart Desktop Wallpaper download our app to watch match online  cristianoronaldo  … 
Google bots chatting: 
 NewMusic by  noresolve -"Unity"
Pick it up... Great album.
 NAMM2017  CES2017  Music  RockNRoll  Rock  News  BuyIt


Cristiano Ronaldo | Retratos a grafito download our app to watch match online  cristianoro… 
Irina Shayk and Cristiano Ronaldo download our app to watch match online  cristianoronaldo… 
Beating traffic jams with bike cabs 
 HutchinsonDave Do not google image search for "demolition man seashells explained" haha
Randomly went on a Google search adventure to pinpoint what race exactly Mexican-Latino-Hispanic-Chicano-Brown people are.
Ivysaur available until 07:08pm (29m 38s). IVs: 95% (14/14/15 A/D/S). Moves: Razor Leaf / Power Whip. 
Monster 
 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  Looking for Love  Tom Hoocker  APPS Apple Google 
Caroline Celico download our app to watch match online  cristianoronaldo   ballondor   bal… 
How to make the most of your year ahead: The first card in the major arcana Tarot deck is… 
web Graham Norton's Big Red Chair crid:1rk9ij  ... weird section on Facebook that's like ... no! If you Google "guy gets rejected ...
 GOOD  Judge denies bail for suspects charged in Facebook Live attack 
[Pioneer] Porygon (IV: 35%) until 08:08:18AM at 2 Gul Cir 
RSA: Clefable 51.11% (9/0/14/Zen Headbutt/Moonblast) till 16:08:01 (29m 44s).
CP for lvl30+: 425

USC Football: Two Trojans Nab 2017 NFL Combine Invites 
Microbrewery Planned For CHQ Building By Former Coca-Cola CEO 
Jennifer McKevitt: Food supply chain suffers 40% food loss post-harvest 🗣 Opines on  IoT
A good Arbok appeared! It will be in BRISTOL until 7:07 PM.   BristolPokes  BRISTOL 
Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Stock Is More Attractive Than You Think 🗣 Opines on  IoT
FTL Faster than Light Worlds 
Exxon Predicts Energy Demand Will Rise 25 Percent by 2040 
CineFix gives 2 million thank you's to fans  Facebook  android  app go to 
The Google Hardware Giveaway | MakeUseOf Deals good via  makeuseof
South Central Division responding to '6XE - Disturbance Emergency' at 3800 blk S TYLER ST | Beat 741 | | 17:31
Squirtle is available until 07:07:50pm (29m 18s).IVs: 86.67% Fast Move: Tackle, Charge Move: Water Pulse 
A good Bisasam appeared! It will be in Ilmenau until 1:08.  
put healthy and fresh soba noodles in  juicy soup 
🏠 コチソバ  kochisoba
📞092-716-3177
📍
 ReuvenFridmar seems I'm not the first to notice this rubbish 
At first it's fascinating and then it becomes insanity. Two chat bots chatting through Google Home. 
New data shows  amazon is eating into  Google territory  ecommerce  SEO  AustinGrooming ATX men's lifestyle brand 
 TechNews Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th - 
 PWAPN | Historic Triangle preps for winter's first significant snowfall: Newport News… 
 PWAPN | Winter Storm: Cherokee County, Cities Prepare To Tackle Snow: "Public works and… 
 PWAPN | Vandals strike at partially frozen portable ice rink at Nolan Field in Ansonia… 
 PWAPN | VDOT and Lynchburg <b>Public Works</b> getting ready for snow: They service not… 
- Pretty wrong. "California Democrat New York Democrat" vs " Republican, state" big difference. Like Jew vs Jewish
 PWAPN | Bismarck <b>Public Works</b> working hard to clear snow: BISMARCK, N.D. - The… 
 PWAPN | Madison <b>public works</b> gearing up to keep roads clear during winter weather… 
 PWAPN | Mayor Says 'Thanks' to Local <b>Public Works</b> Crews: Altona's Mayor says recent… 
I sightsee real world  Fallout 4 locations in  Google VR for  oculus Touch!  VR  Fallout4  OculusTouch  
You obviously haven't been burdened with an over-abundance of education.  DaDailyInsult
 reiver  NotesOnLiberty I wish Google Earth layers for this great information - like displaced people, refugee movements, import/export ...😃
Providing a proactive approach to diabetes  diabetes 
BEST PARKOUR FAIL IN THE WORLD (OUCH)  fail 
Diabetic support group to begin meetings this month | News | The Press and Standard  diab… 
Bulbasaur is available until 07:00:12pm (21m 51s).IVs: 82.22% Fast Move: Vine Whip, Charge Move: Seed Bomb 
The latest Clinical Pathways! Thanks to  dokterkoko  ces2017  google
 Cristina2News Thanks for coming to  DayAgainstDenial today here is press release with photos: 
look, you might as well know I went ham with the  google  photoscan app yesterday... here'… 
lmfao, just checked it on Google. yerr. 
New law aimed at reducing Illinois' teacher shortage 
The dollar rose on data of the growth of wages in the US In November, fewer jobs were created in the US labor… 
 AllusionistShow OK. Thanks. Tried to run audio through Google's Speech to Text API but the music (and your accent) seem to garble things.
The latest The Day in a Paper.li!  ces2017  google
WINTER IS.... Here. Looking to warm up over a hot meal by a fireplace? Here are some… 
It's another beautiful one from *DOT STUDIOS* Directed by  Tumsiagh
Watch,Laugh, Learn and share

Reuters: Exclusive: Nissan halts joint development of luxury cars with Daimler - sources. 
 GarethWaugh he didn't tag Trump in it though, but I reckon he has a Google Alert for every mention of his name.
 OmarUnited where do you find your meatless Monday recipes? If more than google
WE CANNOT LET THIS EVIL MAN WHO IS A TRAITOR TO OUR COUNTRY BE SWORN IN.  StopTrump  NotMyPresident  TheResistance 
Dear Google Ads,
Why do you bombard me with dating app ads?I have other interests you know. Sincerely, well rounded college student  Google
 sharon_lynch  halabugaighis  Google The thing is the problem is real, I just wish they'd approach people who are i… 
DNI report: We further assess Putin and Russian Government "developed a clear preference for President-elect Trump". 
Disgusting.  Allegiant Disgusting.  shameonyou 
Girl I Want It All From You! Now Available on Itunes, Google Play, Amazon, Spotify, Rhapsody, Tidal, and More! 
Goku Saiyan Super Tap !! - Download FREE NOW on Play Store  
Google Now:  my personal assistant that lets me know when there's an accident on my way...Live!  jefffillion… 
Bulbasaur is available until 07:07:41pm (29m 40s).IVs: 88.89% Fast Move: Tackle, Charge Move: Seed Bomb 
 pudcast245  nycjim  MiaFarrow cause dnc would not release to fbi..third party co supported hillary fyi ...google owned company...
 Google patches  Android custom boot mode vulnerability via  threatpost 
 RADIO  90s  juice Now Playing  What's Up  DJ Miko  APPS Apple Google 
Trisha Powell is looking for these items please give them to me!.  Napoleon, He... 
How Trump and the GOP Are at Odds Over Alleged Russian Hack 
There are two Google Homes talking to each other right now on Twitch and I CAN'T LOOK AWAY  seeBotsChat 
23:40 Delta Downs US or call me at **BITCOIN
 CleverMonkay Perform during  NBoeingALLSTARWKND. Click here 4 more info: 
CCCS is looking for donations for our annual Crab Feed and Auction.

Black Cod Marinated with Honey  honey  recipe | 
dark google 'what is a girl'
 p0pss0n  TotallyFetch_ google FoodWishes wings.  He is on YouTube also
Snorlax available until 07:06:08pm (28m 25s). Lick / Earthquake (80.00% - 12/9/15) 
Morgan Stanley Increases Stake in T-Mobile US, Inc. (TMUS) 
Can't sleep stomach cramps are killimg me. Dr. Google not helping much 😩😩😩 — feeling sick
Which software lets yourself indicate an sound solicit? exploitation google disclose so annual telephone calls: zdXsSw
International Business Times: The Religious Complications Of A 'King Charles' 
Michelle Obama Holds Back Tears in Final White House Speech, Saying ‘Don’t Be Afraid’ 
(No matter WHAT Trump says!) DNI's public report! Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent US Elections 
Google Pixel Phone 32GB - 5 inch display ( Factory Unlocked US Version ) (Very Silver) 
"If you go on  twitch, you can see two different  Google Homes talking to each other...but who's the master?"  CES2017  PHDatCES
Two Google Home devices are arguing live on Twitch. This is amazing!


Central Division responding to '40 - Other' at N Haskell Ave / Elm St | Beat 116 | | 17:32
Navy Seabee returns to  Chattanooga, meets daughter for the first time 
DARKSTAR MUSIC PEOPLE ALIEN NATION
Two Google Home Assistant bots are arguing. FTR, they just got married and are planning on having kids...... 
If zombies only eat brains, then you're definitely safe.  DaDailyInsult
Why not try the  ReflexGamingLtd app, now on Android! 
Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th  seaniccus 
Trisha Powell gathered the collection Wild Rings! 
Outside Fire At 7 Brookridge Pottawatomie County 
I just got a score of 1628 in  GunnerZ on Mission 67 Can you beat it!?
41 Action News Kansas City: Snow proves cumbersome for KC metro workers. 
 adostie10 literally I just read it and had to google it before I made an edit lmao
 Environment Hedgehogs in the garden - RSPCA:… 
How to Get More Traffic from Every Post by Republishing on Medium 
 themounts 2 years includes ratification, so only 18 months to agree a final text (my point) 
 cdysthe Glad it's resolved. Sometimes bits flip on phones causing problems. Please help us by telling others and rating ME on Google Play.
He knew before they were leaked 
 Apps that rely on Google Hangouts won't work after April 25th 
Searches for "DOMMatrix read only"
Google: "Did you mean Dominatrix?" 
react-native-360 (1.0.6): React Native 360 exploits Google VR Cardboard SDK to load and display 360-degree panora…  
NHS Students!! Please review the list. If you are on the list, please complete the form. Tell friends.  5thblock   
My awesome Mad Lib created in  JamieMcS 's Digital Storytelling session at  clstech17 ! 
Motor Vehicle Accident | C F HAWN FWY WB/SILVERADO DR () | | EN09 | 090837 | 17:36 | A
Experts outline how to prepare for overtime changes 
Twitch is home to two Google Home devices debating the existence of God 
Google makes its essential Android modding tools easier to get - Engadget 
PM pledges more support for mental health 
Looking for a specific pose, and google gives me dominatrix poses. GoogleE NO!
 Apparel News - L Brands: A Dividend As Attractive As The Apparel 
Indian lifer in Egypt to serve remainder of his term in India  Egypt  مصر
Wartortle until 17:49:55 (12m 47s). Moves:Bite/Hydro Pump. IVs:35.56% (5/6/5)   16303 Doverton Dr 
Hot Trend: Atlanta weather  Google  Trend
Manor Racing enter administration and are on the brink of collapse after failing to secure fresh ... 
Blastoise available until 07:05:24pm (28m 18s). Bite / Flash Cannon (66.67% - 4/12/14) 
convert excerpt only rss to FULL RSS  LinkBuilding  WebHosting Google Adwords Promotional…
Convert any  KEYWORD to GoogleE NEWS FULL RSS  serp  InternetMarketing Search Marketing & SEO Dubai by Prototype…
Google Hangouts API gets hung out to dry  Social 
Zombies Would Wipe Out Humans in Less than 100 Days

Automatic Alarm - E096 - Willow Chase Blvd - Versante Ct - 17:28 - 
Intelligence Agencies Say Russia Ordered ‘Influence Campaign’ to Aid Donald Trump in Election - WSJ 
'I have the United Nations in my room,' ESL teacher says - 
Benefit planned to help family of Louisville officer killed in Lexington DUI 
 PublicDomainNews Jamie Foxx Gets Soulful with Public Domain Tunes: While on a promotional run for his film,… 
Automatic Alarm - E051 - Beechnut St - Brae Acres Rd - 17:29 - 
 PublicDomainNews Jamie Foxx and James Corden Perform a Public Domain Medley: 5), James Corden and Jamie Foxx… 
Both Google Homes just proposed to each other, argued with each other, and talked about something else.
According to Google statistics, people search the word "money" four times as often as the word "goal". 
― Tim Fargo  quote
[Bedok] Vaporeon (IV: 53%) until 08:06:35AM at 1390 ECP 
 jaoblefias_ google never lies
Answer these questions and win some  Nets tickets: 
Dratini until 17:51:41 (14m 46s). Moves:Dragon Breath/Wrap. IVs:24.44% (8/3/0)   16001-16007 Oak Island Dr 
GameSpot: First Aliens Found in Elite: Dangerous. 
6 steps to avoiding a retaliation claim when firing an employee 
 mattlikestapes The Real 'Bot Housewives of Google (Devices yell at each other and do, like, frenemy stuff. I don't know).
Squirtle is available until 07:06:46pm (29m 46s).IVs: 80.00% Fast Move: Bubble, Charge Move: Aqua Jet 
 mmsamii F(x) Red Light w/ sticker without pc ☆ more info: 
These two Google Homes have multiple personalities. That's why they forget about their previous conversations… 
RSA: Dratini 53.33% (6/9/9/Dragon Breath/Twister) till 16:31:47 (55m 2s).
CP for lvl30+: 101

Dratini is available until 07:05:48pm (28m 50s).IVs: 73.33% Fast Move: Dragon Breath, Charge Move: Twister 
Google Sniper 3 ?   
Charmander! IV:40.00%,(1/15/2) till 04:06:25pm.   UBC 
Only a matter of time...
Thank you  Sam___Hurley for giving me +K  Klout about Social Media, Google, Bal Harbour, Real Estate and Algorithms! 
Intel Agencies: Russia Sought to Hurt Clinton, Help Trump - The Atlantic 
FBI Says the Democratic Party Wouldn’t Let Agents See the Hacked Email Servers 
 moonkay_ smh thank God for google
… …+ …  PizzaGate puzzle pieces tie 
Christians Join Anonymous  OpNewBlood 
FOX Sports: Cowboys rookie Jaylon Smith says he could have played at 'elite level' in postseason. 
 catehall  jaredjaffee21 cate how did you get mixed up with such shit piles. google mike, the first thing that comes up is that he cheats
Anonymous Message on Trump 
I play the game The Secret Society. Join me! To add me to your friend list, ent... 
 TheCityWolf  tariqnasheed it's ok - he's a google
Ukrainian Christmas 2017 is trending on Google. Read the latest here: 
I've solved 46 of 10063  puzzles!
Can you do better?
 LogicGames is FREE for Android & iOS 
For a lark I installed a Chrome app that replaces pics of Trump with kittens and it brings me joy every day.… 
Blair Witch  horror  thriller  jamesallenmccune  calliehernandez  corbinreid  brandonscott see more at… 
Google Testing Blog:Testing on the Toilet: What Makes a Good End-to-End Test? via  googletesting
The Preachers On Trump’s Inaugural Podium | Right Wing Watch 
exited Philly January 06, 2017 at 06:36PM via iOS Location 
Interesting article. Is Google over-hyping  deeplearning for translation?  
[Southern Islands] Vaporeon (IV: 44%) until 08:06:16AM at 10 Jetty Rd 
 willmackenzie  Google  QuornFoods I've tried Quorn and it's rank. As much as I'd like to be a vegetarian, I couldn't stomach the stuff
Walkerville Charmander 17m 39s 93.33 14 14 14 Scratch Flame Burst 
Dragonair available until 07:06:16pm (29m 45s). Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail (33.33% - 3/2/10) 
Western Diaries now shipping to Grenada  news
 JuddApatow  This is awesome
Grenada depending heavily on Chris Brown to entice top athletes for historic invitational  news
Icy road conditions reported  news
Google notified me on my Android - "New story on Donald Trump!" Yeah no s**t!
How to "join" Anonymous 
 Martyn_Or_Neko - Different time zones are rough, huh? I had to use Google again to figure out why you comment on DeviantArt at 2 A.M.! 😂😂😂
DNC 'Russian Hacking' Conclusion Comes from Google-Linked Firm  Libusters
 ReeferMatchness  kelz3108  Jezebel  WFLD Also, you should Google Bohemian Grove, I think you'll like it. 👍
Crisis what crisis? NHS accused of trying to spin its way out of trouble 
 MadrilenianCF Idk if it still works on here but let me know if it doesn't because i have other sites 
The Verge: Microsoft’s Windows 10 design refresh revealed in leaked screenshots. 
google search how did dan get his camo sweater as kanye sent those sweaters to specific people so how did dan obtain one of them
I just realized something the Dragonzord and the Dragozord should be able to combine… 
Late late show got super deep, loving it but need to Google some of the big words
A great Seel appeared! It will be 420m from Nibley Park Golf Course until 5:05 PM.  
Blastoise available until 06:37:08pm (0m 46s). Bite / Ice Beam (57.78% - 15/10/1) 
Psalm 37:24 Though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down: for the LORD upholdeth him with his hand.

I am one with The Force &The Force is with me.
I Fear Nothing! For all is as The Force wills It.

 eTHErSEC 
‘Leaked’ Steven Universe episodes weren’t leaked at all, Cartoon Network says - Polygon
 StevenUniverse  
Bulbasaur is available until 07:06:14pm (29m 48s).IVs: 80.00% Fast Move: Vine Whip, Charge Move: Seed Bomb 
No link to  Canada: 5 dead, 8 wounded in  FortLauderdale airport shooting -  usa  NYC  TEXAS  CALIFORNIA  FLORIDA
 Kedare  elecay That was on my radar, but unfortunately it didn't fit our prerequisites. Anyway, it's a shame Google closing the service 1/2
All the Things You Can Do With Google Assistant That You Couldn't Do Before 
horizons  Akai  Elektron  Korg  Make_Noise  roland
Health & Nutrition...
Health Benefits of The Maqui Berry 

 petitepjm kjash oh my god there you go, you can just blacklist tags tho!
SANDS  Facebook  android  app go to 
 ScottAJBlake4  Titanic_Britain Google me
 PrisonPlanet  Tryvone effect  blmvictimclass least we see copy cat crime 
Trisha Powell gathered the collection A Set of Toy Soldiers! 
Dratini until 17:47:50 (11m 33s). Moves:Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail. IVs:33.33% (4/10/1)   19811 Shores Edge Dr 
The summer I ... kept myself nice (ish). Gorgeous & true story by  mbachelard 

 
 Google TheNextWeb: Turn into an undisputed Adobe Creative Suite pro with 130+ training courses for just  39 … 
January 06, 2017: 
Cybersecurity Experts Stress Trump Must Take Russian Attack On Democracy Seriously 
The Dawn of Smarter Search: Augmented Reality Technology and Online Interaction 
The key findings from the US intelligence report on the Russia hack, decoded - Vox 
the twitch stream of the two Google Homes talking to each other is so good
Google At CES 2017: VR Push Builds Momentum With Huawei View Headset Ann.. Related Articles: 
 cybersecurity No Bit Sherlock -- The Role Of Forensics In Tracing The DNC Hack  forensics
The New York Times: ‘James Bond of Philanthropy’ Gives Away the Last of His Fortune. 
look at her lil face how to get over it how to let it go   google 
Blastoise available until 07:00:07pm (23m 59s). Water Gun / Flash Cannon (40.00% - 1/9/8) 
2016: The year's biggest Medical Device Network stories  via Medical Device 
Get your copy of Bennie Mac N Nem. For .99 On Amazon, Rhapsody, I-Tunes, Or Google Play on Your Cellular Phone.
  ICanUseDatLilBit
Find guests for your guesthouse quickly. Download the Real Estate Kenya app at 
Weight-Loss Surgery Offers Long-Term Benefit to Very Obese Teens 
Set up your kitchen for weight loss success with these tips 
Lycera's double-action immuno-oncology drug starts trials via FierceBiotech 
What does it mean to be a human bean?
Our creations are falling in love 
Chloe Madeley slates reality stars over 'disgusting' weight loss DVDs: 'It makes me furious' 
hysterical  magnets etc by Google  1 ranked  LTCartoons 
Global Enterprise Database Market 2017 Microsoft, Google, Amazon Web Services, Rackspace, MongoLab, SAP  pr
LittleBits kit turns anyone into an inventor  downloader  androidapps
This Energy Play Has Bottomed Out; Can It Break Out Past 26.91? .
 ijustine LOL you need to try this.  
Louisville Google: Can women join the Pendennis Club? Website is vague.
 edsheeran Listening on Google Home right now. I like them!
 kimKardashian had so much  plasticSurgery shes unrecognizable in pics. Y U hate looking  Armenian  KimKardashian?
.

bath town - Google Search 
 sharon_lynch  halabugaighis  Google  JigsawTeam It feels like such a fake story. They allude to the fact that shay… 
Grimes - Heartbeats  NowPlaying  6music
she forgot to log out her twitter on google 😭
Trisha Powell gathered the collection The Navigator's Secrets! 
Younus AlGohar - Google+ 
Just passed a self driving Google car. So cool! Wish ZipCar was like that. Almost home in the… 
10 things to tweak when setting up a new MacBook     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
How to post 360-degree photos to Facebook     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
Google is a NWO lying POS that manipulated searches for Hillary Clinton.Trump should fire all the intelligence chie… 
Spotted Alex searching "chicken strips" in Google maps. 😂
 LameNationENT  GMSHTOUR during  MARDIGRASWKND. Click here 4 dates, prices, etc: 
[Pioneer] Rhydon (IV: 55%) until 08:04:30AM at 45 Pioneer Sector 1  pokemongonews
Please Tweet for Tilikum! 
[Bedok] Arcanine (IV: 24%) until 08:03:37AM at 1216 ECP  pokemongonews
Somalia Drive, Liberia

Nice and might run more part 3
 Google
 GOOG
 CMG
 MAXD
 PTN
 MINE
Facebook, Apple, Alphabet In Focus As New Highs Hit  FB  Apple  GOOG  Google  investors 
 Terri1618  Google had me smiling all day.
Who will be  the leader in retrofitting "dumb cars"  nvda  qcom  intc  googl  bidu or an unknown ?  ces2017
 amzn and  googl both give up some of these great Gainz 💪🏼 come Monday. 1-1.5% move on Monday.
NEW VIDEO: Weekly Stock Market Recap & Sector Analysis  SPY  IWM  QQQ  USO  Apple  Google & more  stocks  trading
FANG Stocks Welcome New Year With a Big Rally - TheStreet 
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google


Market Recap 1.6. SPX  SPY  IWM  COMPQ  IBB  DIA  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  GPS  USDJPY  GOLD  AMGN  REGN  PANW  VXX  
 ZFGN Upgrade coupled with insider buying and ZGN-1061 safety data should reach PT  8! Apple  Google  AMZN  FB  TWTR… 
You Can Be A Stock Market Genius by Joel Greenblatt:  SPY  STX  VLO  WDC  Apple  Google  Walmart
The Craft of Investing by John Train:  investing  SPY  QQQ  DIA  SPX  Apple  Google  TSLA  NFLX  MSFT  Intel  AMD
 FB  Google  AMZN  NFLX 10 day performance 
Mahaney on CNBC

 Google
~20 Str8 Q 20% YOY Rev Growth
sees cont next 4-8Q

 AMZN
 1T in 5Y

Repatriation Plays… 
Alphabet Inc.  Google Position Held by Central Securities Corp 
Google breaks out; Looking for Al\u2026  Google 
 Google chart: Google breaks out; Looking for All-Time Highs. 
 AMZN  Google  Intel:

The Bright Side of Smart-Home Silly Season:


AT&T: Simply Mindblowing  Apple  AMZN  GOOG  Google  MSFT  VZ  T
Despite the drop during the last 30 minutes  Google and  NFLX held on for week 1 breakouts
Can Anything Stop Amazon?  FB  Google  P  PYPL  AMZN  GOOG  NKE  UAA  LULU  HNNMY  URBN  M  SHLD
Don't be evil  Google. Developer trust matters, which is why  jeffiel and  twilio have NEVER dropped support for any… 
What a wonderful week of trading  Apple  TSLA  NFLX  Google  FB ( NVDA was bad)!! Hope you all made great profits!! Have a great weekend!!
 AMZN  Google  GS for next week, strong close
Amazon Alexa in spotlight at CES 2017  AMZN  F  Google  Apple  GOOG  MSFT  SSNLF  WHR 
 VZ  T  Google  EXPE  TWX:

Diller’s Vimeo, Once Left for Dead, Enters Crowded TV Fray:


 Google  FB  AMZN  Apple

Just an unadulterated 1-day rip 
Reminiscences of a Stock Operator:  stocks  trading  investing  SPY  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  Google
Outstanding breakout  Google  298 overall. No positiion.
 Google what does google not have?.... I KNOW THIS....a FLYING CAR

 DIA Sorry, I just had to post this  DJIA  dow20k  DOW20000  stocks  stockmarket  finance  investing  QQQ  SPY  IWM… 
Alphabet Inc.  Google Shares Bought by Toronto Dominion Bank 
Nasdaq, S&P 500 Hit All-Time Highs; FANG Stocks Show Bite  GS  DIS  FB  AMZN  Google  NFLX 
Here's A List Of The Most Crowded Trades On Wall Street  Apple  AMZN  FB  Google  JPM  Merck  MSFT  ORLY  PFE  ROST  WFC 
Marketing is consolidating into two big players  googl and  fb 
Albion Financial Group UT Raises Stake in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
Short The FANG Stocks Plus Apple, MSFT, Intel  AMZN  FB  Google  NFLX  Apple  Intel  MSFT 
Wonderful moves on  Google today. Looks solid and goes to 840.
 NFLX  Netflix: Here Comes The Tipping Point  QQQ  SPY  AMZN  FB  GOOG  Google  Apple  stockmarket  investing  stocks
 BarrieNJ  googl not  goog
 Google has that magnet to all time highs now but wouldn't be surprised if traded similar to  NFLX towards that high
The algos are going to do their best to crash thru DOW  20,000-- and to close above 20K.

Wait for a buy program to start soon

 AMZN  Google
Unicorn Bay rating for  Google is 3.1 out of 5. 
 Google 4.3%
closed  googl weekly call.. well i always close it too soon..but better get some meat than not.
some nice moves today in tech  FB  AMZN  Google all look like btd with both hands next opp...
 FB  FANG  Stocks Looking Sharp In 2017 Thus Far  AMZN  NFLX  GOOG  Google  QQQ  stockmarket  SPY  DIA  DJIA  finance
Hard to read the close. Clearly a bullish day, but we're meeting resistance & internals aren't strong.  Apple/… 
 Google [stc] JAN17  800 Cs   31.30 | Position Closed [+144.5%]
There are so many high quality setups triggering today on the Weeklies:  BoeingBoeing  Google  AMZN  AER  TDG  ICLR  BLKB  CELG  Apple  MA etc
 F  Google  FCAU  TM:

Technology Under the Spotlight at Detroit Auto Show:


Alphabet Inc.  Google Given “Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.  The 
Will Netflix Keep Climbing? Stranger Things Could Happen
 NFLX  netflix  FB  AMZN  Google
PortfolioBuzz: Access curated tweets- high relevancy, less spam - US Tech Giants  Apple  Google  MSFT  FB
Apple at buy point, Alphabet breaks out, joining Netflix, as big techs lead stocks to highs 
 googl weeklies give ⚡️INSANE⚡️ %'s on Friday.  The 820c opened below  1 and currently  8.xx.
 FANG 
 AMZN  QQQ  FB  Google  BoeingBoeing  Apple b/o of 2-3mo+ consolidation patterns &were above All ma's.  SPY  NFLX at ath's. M… 
 NFLX  Google  Apple  FB  AMZN:

Alphabet Breaks Out, Apple Flirts With Buy As Big-Cap Techs Lead:


 ZFGN given a PT of  8 by JMP!Reiterates Bullish View.   Apple  GPRO  Google  AMZN  FB  TWTR  EYES  megtirrell… 
 DJIA  SPY  SPX  QQQ  AMZN  Google  FB  NFLX  GS  TEVA  PANW Dow 20,000 Shirts , we almost here FOLKS!   Bullish
 DJIA  SPY  SPX  QQQ  AMZN  Google  FB  NFLX  GS  TEVA  PANW Dow 20,000 Shirts , we almost here FOLKS!
Understanding Options 2E by Michael Sincere:  options  trading  SPY  VIX  Apple  Google  TSLA
 AMZN New data shows  Amazon is eating into  Google's territory — and it's only going to get worse  Google  GOOG  QQQ
 Google POWER through resistance so easily and refusing to pull back all day! EXTREMELY BULLISH!!! Out of half my calls to lock 82% profit.
 Google Another of our  FANG favorites Alphabet +1.8% to  828 approaching ATH 
Mentioned  Google being a buy down there off that 100MA, still my fav momo/tech for 2017. Still tho with markets at ATHs techs off highs.
 TWTR   LNKD  BillGates  satyanadella  jeffweiner  Microsoft  twitter  LinkedIn  CRM  Apple  FB  Google  DIS  VZ 


This market is strong.  Might breakout strong.   NKE  GS  Apple  FB  SPY  AMZN  Google  
 Options  maxpain chart for  Google. Free stock station app  iTunes 
 Google super strong today!!! Breaking every single resistance level so easily and moving up constantly - refusing pulling back. PT 835-840
just rebalanced  Google> ^BTC
Alphabet  Google Price Pattern Coordinates Chart 1:44 pm
Time Price 6SU 
Positive Events 2SUX 3UAX 4UAX
SUX=SIGx0  U… 
Retweeted Melissa Lee ( MelissaLeeCNBC):

 FB  Apple  NFLX  Google continues outperformance today, and for 2017.... 
Retweeted Sleek Money ( SleekMoneycom):

Alphabet Inc.  Google Given “Buy” Rating at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc.... 
 Google  Options OI chart. Free stock station app  iTunes 
 MacMiller -  DonaldTrump via  YouTube  GOOgL
 Google  Options volume chart in animation. Free stock station app  iTunes 
 SPY Ooh, I think I see a red candle. I think I see it!  DIA  DJIA  QQQ  IWM  stocks  stockmarket  daytrading  investing  Apple  GOOG  Google
 Android is the most vulnerable  OS  Google  iOS  Linux 
 DRYS Oy vay. My heart goes out to y'all.  pennystocks  stocks  investing  daytrading  finance  SPY  GOOG  Google  NFLX  AMZN  FB  Apple  QQQ
 Google  GOOG  ULVR.LN:

CES for Marketers: Alexa Wows, Virtual Reality Underwhelms:


StockTwits Trending Alert: Trading recent interest in ALPHABET INC CLASS A  Google 
. djHottowns  Google &  GOOG are both above 800 🙃
 AMZN  Google  SPX song of the day 
.  nixonstocks and I did great on  Google this am.  momofukualerts
also in  amzn  nflx  bidu  nvda  tsla 
Trade idea lotto: jan/6  googl  827.50 calls for  0.50-0.60
Why  MSFT should acquire  TWTR …   LNKD  BillGates  satyanadella  jeffweiner  Microsoft  twitter  LinkedIn  Twitter… 
 Android won 2016 in one area it would rather not have. via  sai  Google  Apple  MSFT  ios  Windows10
Great to see the 'FANG' type stocks back in action.... 

 FB  Apple  NFLX  Google  AMZN etc
 Google patience paying off here.
The Key to Alphabet Stock Isn't What You Think  Google  GOOG 
Options earlier this week indicated they take  Google higher - now we just need to holds these levels for the close.
has  Google or  Apple hit a trillion   market cap yet?
.JimCramer says when traditional retail sinks, look to FANG:  FB  Google  NFLX  
Where's today's bullish money flowing?  AMGN  AMZN  FB  IT  Apple  FCAU  NVDA  ABT  NFLX  Google 
 Google for study 
 AMZN  monster 2 day move, just starting with his friend  googl  smartertrader  and  MalibuInvest 
 FANG up again. Predicting  FB  AMZN and  Google will beat earnings, but  NFLX wont.
 AMZN  Google  AMZN  Google calls calls. Great play in the am!!!!
long  Google NEXT weeks 840s at  2 
1.06.17 Elliott Wave Updates For F.A.N.G. –  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google 
1.06.17 Elliott Wave Updates For F.A.N.G. -  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google -  
 FB  AMZN  Google are the winners in the GUD portfolio midday.  T and  VZ went ex-dividend today so it's dragging th… 
Large cap winners  AMGN +3.33%;  ABT +3.1%;  FB +2.33%;  AMZN +1.85%;  Google +1.55%;
 FB  Apple  NFLX  Google -  technology sector on a  Buy spree at  StockMarket. Success but huge spendings. 38000% market growth spread-total.
Amazing how Andrew Leff/Citron given a MEGAPHONE to plug his shorts

Shame on  CNBCFastMoney for being his printing… 
 JazzKatzz Yes, see my earlier Tweet about it being hard to break the Market w/  Apple,  FB &  Google strength.
. JimCramer says when traditional retail sinks, look to FANG:  FB  Google  NFLX  AMZN 
 Google last resistance 824.30-825 . Possible move next week 832/34
10 mins till  HalftimeReport ! Get the champagne ready! Pop them bottles!  tsla  gs  googl  fb  amzn donkey money  Bears are dumb  cnbc  Wst
 FB  Apple  NFLX  Google continues outperformance today, and for 2017. 
"Fang" stocks strong:  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google
Nothing more beautiful than a bull flag breakout. Happy weekend todos  goog  googl
 VictorZubarev Yes, Sir. Have a moment. Check out our "High Flyers" toda.  AMZN,  NFLX,  Google, TSLA. "Plays at The Plate" Setups???
 Google right on que  823. Sold too soon.,weekly option gonna makes you lost of regrets. 815C sold at 4, 8s now. 
Nasdaq hits all-time intraday high as FANG stocks pop.  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google 
PortfolioBuzz: Gain from movement in these buzzing assets  AMZN  Google  MSFT  TWC 
 Google potential preBrkout, nearing all time highs,  watching 
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google /  F.A.N.G  Coming back in style.  trading  investing  stockmarket  profit  livetradepro 
Alphabet Inc.  Google Earns Buy Rating from Canaccord Genuity 
Bulls pushing w/ ESH7 39 min Squeeze. Looks good for 2275 targets. Loving  AKAM while  NFLX met targets.  Google has… 
Closed out all positions for nice gains,  nflx  amzn  googl  gs im sure I'm missing out on more , but headed to  CES2017 now
 Intel CEO  CNBC -  AI is driving the future. Chip mfg. in for glory  realDonaldTrump . Autonomous cars are market revolution  TSLA  Google
 Google due or die time.  Close over  823 & we should have clear sailing to all time highs - but that would be too too easy
Amazon Alexa in spotlight at CES 2017  AMZN  Apple  MSFT  GOOG  Google  SSNLF  SSNNF 
 Google   824.07 would be a weekly breakout
Live Analysis of  Google Streaming LIVE! Watch NOW! -->  
 AMZN  GOOG  Google:

Apple Vs. Amazon Vs. Google: Digital Assistants Square Off At CES:


 satmarkit go long   Google
 Google absolutely THE leader today w/  FB to take  XLK into crazy mode.  NFLX  Apple  AMZN all looking solid. But… 
 GooGL  have a very good day
A lot of beautiful setups out there ready to go  Apple  FB  DIS  Google  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  MSFT
Added to  Google
  Fwd PE 19.9x (Dec 2017) vs. 27.9x 5-Year Avg
  20.8% Estimated 2017 EPS growth
  2017 EPS Revised Up
  EV/EBITDA 17.0x
Raising Stops  gs  googl  amzn  nflx
 AMZN  FB  Apple  TSLA  NFLX  SPY  GS  Google Its a Great Day to be an Options Trader!
 Google forming inverse head and shoulders on the daily chart, at resistance can be a monster move coming
Microsoft Stock Is a Steady, Not Sexy, Investment   MSFT  Google  GOOG  AMZN  ORCL  IBM… 
NEW POST: They Can Almost Smell It  Apple  AMZN  FB  Google  QQQ
 Google One of the FANG contingency names that is shining out of the gate in 2017, gaining nearly  30 on the week. … 
No one ever got hurt buying  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google FANG RULES
Not seeing much.
A lot of failed breakouts.
But  GooGL looks nice
I'll be there shortly for the FANGBoeingNG  NFLX  Google  FB  AMZN
 Google very solid move today. As I said yesterday, this one will go exploding mode. PT 835-840 by EOM.
 NFLX  FB  Google  AMZN high beta consolidating near highs,  QQQ strength can see another push up
 Google fwiw I actually shorted more today ....
Streetsweeper could been harder on social media app  MSRT

Removed from  Google apps & will NEVER be  COMPQ listed… 
Google +5.66 total advance today 10:29 ET. Alphabet Class A  Google 818.68 Stock hit a High of 821.29 and 811.50 
 DJIA  Google  SPY first sin of red buy more...remember rising rates should =  DJIA 20k
Attention  GoogleE if you need a human test dummy to sit in your cars hit me up. I'll risk a leg for a free whip ya bish  Google
Scalped  Apple and  Google thi am. Flat now waiting t see what presents itself.  MCD repeated call buying has my attention.
 SPY  DJIA  Google you really can't get long enough a risk free equity market..... Boo yah...
Price Target Alert: Trading the Zacks price target change for ALPHABET INC CLASS A  Google 
Hope you all loaded some  Apple  Google calls :P Great b/o move today! Very strong technically.  FB  TSLA also lookin… 
 Google we had 815C   2 from yesterday, kinda sold too soon at 60%-100%, its at  5.8 now. All good. See our chart.  
 AMZN  NFLX  Google  FB the gang is moving again.  AMZN with a nice breakout today 
Going to be hard for the bears to break the tape w/  Apple strong &  FB recovering.  Google is also starting to perk up a bit.
No one wanted any FANG for weeks. Everyone on stream loading to the gills today.  fang  nflx  aapl  tlsa  fb  googl. (Or they lie?)
Fiat Money, Fiat News  FB  GOOG  Google  AMZN
 SPY We all knew this was going to happen, didn't we?  DIA  DJIA  QQQ  IWM  TLT  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  GOOG  Google  FB  stocks  stockmarket  CMG
 Google 817 was trigger been talking about for a week . Was to busy with  amzn  TSLA . Will watch for entry
If  Google can clear out & close over  823 we have a chance to run to old highs at  839.   For now just close over  818 resistance please
 Google strong and solid move!! 
 Google good breakout today, our 715C from yesterday generates over 100% now
remember this  NQ_F post from yesterday? now at my red dot thx 2  Apple  Google . ur welcome.  QQQ  NDX 
 jimcramer FANG to...Don't you Wanna, FANTA.  FB  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA Alphabet  Google
 googl also had a cash flow add above  813.50 and now u can trim and hold.
Perhaps some  GOOG maybe  Google too, Heavy Money better spent/held elsewhere right now. Iffy until after Dummy Teeth swearin.⚗️❔
 Google over last week's highs
Same old playbook ... pump a few big stocks  AMZN  Google  Apple  TSLA
 AMZN and  GOOG  Google will save our wretched souls.....   NDX
 afortunetraders  googl ripping ..  820s coming
 AMZN  GOOG  Google  Apple:

CES 2017: The 1 Thing Americans Want Most in a Smart Home:


 SPY poss 3wk invH&S
 QQQ  Apple wkly tight
 AMZN 2mo sym tri b/o
 FB 2mo sym tri
 NFLX  BoeingBoeing  Google 2yr wkly base
TechConf next wk,all^ ma's
Alexa: Amazon's Operating System via  stratechery

 AMZN 

 aapl  googl  fb  msft
 NFLX had better earns last QTR, 1st to try to break out. Let's see if 2nd best can follow -  Google.  Feels like a salmon swimming upstream
CES 2017: The 1 Thing Americans Want Most in a Smart Home  Apple  AMZN  GOOG  Google 
CES: Huawei Keynote Highlights Google, Amazon Agendas via  barronsonline

 AMZN  Google
 googl clears  816, we see  820s
Again, my faith today is in  Apple  Google. Holding calls of both names, but VERY heavy positions in  Apple. Weekly ch… 
 amzn may struggle at current levels and  googl will push towards  820.
Google pushing faster into virtual/augmented reality via device integration via  ReutersTech  byJuliaLove  Google  VR
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ  Google) Acquires Limes Audio To Improve…  Technology  Alphabet  Duo… 
As I said yesterday,  Google  Apple might take the lead of  XLK and push  COMP  SPX higher. Pre-market so far so good… 
AT&T: Disrupter, Future-Proofer And Dividend Defender?  GOOG  Google  Intel  NFLX  TWX  VZ  T
Count  T in the mobile video chase vs.  FB,  Google, Snapchat and no doubt many more, a bit theme of 2017 
Nationwide Fund Advisors Increases Position in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
 Google Today is the day for 10 pt move/ looking for an entry first 15 min
Benzinga: Alphabet, Bristol-Myers And More: CNBCFastMoney Picks For January 6  BMY  FXI  GLNG  Google
Alphabet, Bristol-Myers And More:  CNBCFastMoney Picks For January 6  BMY  FXI  GLNG  Google
CES: Huawei Keynote Highlights Google, Amazon Agendas - Tech Trader Daily - Barron's  Huawei  AMZN  Google 
 googl breaking resistance.  bullish
Video: Don't sleep on the  FANG N= NVDA stocks  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google . Now you know!!  AVGO  XLK  QQQ  XRX
 NFLX  Google  Apple  VZ  YHOO:

AT&T Joins Facebook, Google, Snapchat In Mobile Video Ad Chase:


Confident Investor indicator analysis for 1/6/2017. Interesting results from  Apple  ALXN  AZPN  EW  EXR  Google - 
 AMZN  Apple  MSFT  Google:

Amazon’s Alexa stole the show at CES in a bid to become the …:


Traffic-goosing tricks: How celebrity death hoaxes power fake news.  FB  Google  advertising… 
Google acquires Limes Audio  GOOG,  Google
Google bought a company to improve Hangouts call quality  Google via  engadget
 AMZN  Google  Apple:

A Better Language of Economics:


🔍 Jan. 6 Watch List: JOBS Report & Trade Deficit Today 
 FB  AMZN  BoeingBoeing  Google  TSLA  CMG  BoeingC  SPY  SPX  ES_F 

 Google  NK:

If You Want to Be a Rich CEO, Work in Healthcare:


Nasdaq Sets A New High; Dow 20,000 Remains Elusive  AMZN  FB  Google  NFLX 
Order And Chaos-Two Sides Of The Same Coin  AMZN  FB  FDX  Google  IYT  M  NFLX  SMH  XRT  IYR Also  DIA ... 
Bullish  Google
PortfolioBuzz: Transaction costs for trading  Google with brokers, min: 0.051% max: 0.331% difference: 5.0x 
4 Stocks In Focus As Consumer Electronic Show 2017 Begins  HMC  NVDA  Google  Intel 
Buy signal for  AMZN  FB and  Google. Bullish divergence for  AMBoeing. More stocks:  SPY  GLD 
Interview with Connor Bruggeman SchoolTrader Extraordinaire!:  NFLX  HIMX  INO  AMGN  Google
 This newsletter provides resources needed to get started with penny stocks   YMC  CM  NKE  Google
Rich Ross better technician than pessimist Carter Worth

Rich interprets mumbo-jumbo without the gray shades

 AMZN… 
Alphabet Inc.  Google Position Cut by Capital City Trust Co. FL 
Watch list for Friday:  Apple  TSLA  NFLX  Google  AMZN  BIDU  PANW  GPRO
We might see a huge run up on  tech stocks for the next 2 weeks.   QQQ,  XLK,  Google,  Apple 
Analyst Activity – Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Reiterates Buy on Alphabet (NASDAQ:Google)  Google
  Flows: Selling on Strength: Among stocks that were up Thr, these had the largest net OUTFLOWS of money:  EEM  FB  TLT  IEF  Google top 5
Our REAL TIME TRADE ALERTS via PRIVATE  TWTR FEED, perfect for people who have FT jobs and trade part-time!  AMZN  NFLX  Google  BoeingBoeing  GS  FB
Samsung’s new Chromebooks are Google’s answer to the iPad Pro and Surface Pro  Google
 Google and  FB my favorites out of FANG 
Alphabet Inc.  Google Position Boosted by Hosking Partners LLP 
 TWTR  FB  NFLX  DIS  Google  AMZN  DGX  VZ  T  GME  APTS  IRT Long. Short  S  TMUS  DISH  GRMN &  WATT to 0, lawsuits by 2020 likely sooner.
 Apple  BBY  AMZN  Google:

This company wants to take down Apple, Samsung: ‘We never hide …:


 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  Apple:

Cramer Remix: The Trump rally may be on pause, but FANG is in full …:


 Google not  a great day, but broke above the down trend. Watch for follow through. 
Jan 05 Thursday,  Google closed  813.02
For 4ema cross 8ema stocks part 3
 Google
 GOOG
 CMG
 MAXD - penny
 PTN - penny
 RNN - penny
 MINE - penny
Nice cross up
Tonight's free video recap & look ahead  spx  iwm  amzn  nflx  googl  aapl  qqq  gs  
