LIPPS - Tulip (M STER VERSION)  nowplaying  bluedot 
FBI, other agencies probing possible Russian aid for Trump: report | TheHill  mgranville1  morgfair  MrDane1982  
New patents hint that Amazon and Google have plans to compete with Uber 
 _iSmokeTheJoke ☹️ lawd Ima just google it
 127 Pinsir (Rock Smash/Submission 5/3/12 - 44.44%) 319 King St W L9H 1W5, 07:14:53pm (15m 4s left) 
I don't know what's scarier, getting my Nexplanon implant removed or getting an IUD. Google image search wasn't smart of me.
 Trumpified_King  cowellp  DenyseLake  CLK54321 i know isnt this great! I found it last night by accident.  U won me back google!
Wente = buddy of  AliceDreger = buddy of  BlanchardPhD = buddy of Kenneth Zucker =  nigelsleftboot  smallworld 
Lovin' the new look <3 
Mag-update na po... :D B-) 


Is Google Penguin 4.0 Fully Rolled Out? 
I think  fabric is joining  google. 
Did  Twitter sell  fabric to  Google when I wasn't looking? 
 spacepiss google how i delet comment on m tweet
1/18/2017 6:58 PM: MISSING PERSON / RUNAWAY at 1115 HORSESHOE RD 
Google Pixel XL International Giveaway  androidauth  giveaway 
President Bush 41 moved to ICU; Mrs. Bush also hospitalized 
"Data Driven Cleaning Services" Closer to Reality with Intelligent Building IOT Solution  iot  InternetofThings
Dratini has appeared in Webster/Nassau! Despawn:07:29:19pm(29m 36s)IV:46.67% (2/6/13) Moves:Dragon Breath, Twister 
5 Best Internet of Things Companies to Invest in  iot  InternetofThings
 illinoispolicy Police Protect DAPL using repressive tactics- activists demand accountability for using IL resources 
The Google Hardware Giveaway | Tech Deals via  androidauth
YOOOOOO THIS IS SO COOL TO SEE ON GoogleE OMG :O My video :D 
Computingmicrosoft has the amazon echo and google  TechNews  Tech  News  Gadget  Apps 
 chintu30 your feature request directly to the Google Photos team: (2/2)
 RADIO  70s  juice Now Playing  Happy Radio  Edwin Starr  APPS Apple Google 
Wow!
The Firebase Blog: Welcoming Fabric to Google 
 verge  chriswelch Statement should read  HTC is doing a terrible job building Google Pixels as they are better than HTC phones.
on google ofc. and then i found this *rene pic again and bitch i was shook..that's when i realized that i've always been an irene enthusiast
Google’s newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google)  Busin…
Seadra appeared! IV: 73.33% (15/15/3). Moves: Dragon Breath,Dragon Pulse. At 769 Robert Edge Parkway. 19m 25s left. 
Local SEO Benefits For Small Businesses  <-- Read    SEO  SMB  Google  Search  Local  Bing 
Pantry purge: 10 things you need to toss today     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
How to install Chrome extensions manually     - CNET  Facebook  android  app go to 
Just read "The death of writing – if James Joyce were alive today he’d be working for Google" (via  pocket)
RSA: Hypno 35.56% (0/13/3/Zen Headbutt/Psyshock) till 16:29:08 (29m 47s).

 LaurieHosken  matthaig1  realDonaldTrump Trying to use google translate to find out what Vlad put in my inaugurati… 
Google images is trash lol
[Gateway District] Porygon (IV: 42%) until 04:19:22PM at 1519 S Main St 
 pigeon_ferguson  SovereignTwit  JetpackClam  Sargon_of_Akkad  thebloodyban Have so much ground, say "this is what… 
 chintu30  gHelp Hopefully! Public 360 photos on Google Photos should be viewable as photo spheres, but for full support, you can send (1/2)
District Dispatch: Getting connected with Google Fiber at Midwinter 2017 
 RADIO  90s  juice Now Playing  When Love Breaks Down  Prefab Sprout  APPS Apple Google 
Until Her is now available on Google Play and Barnes! WOOT!... 
Shellder available until 07:28:46pm (29m 24s). Tackle / Icy Wind (60.00% - 6/6/15) 
Jose Canseco calls out PED 'hypocrisy' in Hall of Fame voting | FOX Sports <~~~ fucking guy! Once a rat always a rat 
Mark my words, I will work for  Google
Marketing and investment firm Wareness expands beyond hardware 
CNN: Obama meets press for final time as President. 
Jobs couldn't stand the google brothers
THIS IS A SMALL CROWD    TRUMPRALLY ON THE  TRUMPTRAIN X'S THIS BY 50 STATES FOR  TRUMPPENCE  INAUGURATION2017
 gwestr google Inbox bruh
 LetsRabbit there's those olympics google doodles from 2012 that are all little games
 ECON202online Tonight's Hangout URL is Click to join!
You know what they say, "if it isn't on google?" Or something like that? I am talking about automation. That should… 
Blue Springs is always awesome 
FUCK 'A Dog's Purpose.' Don't go see this movie. 
My dad won't pay for anything like taking the online driving schools, yet wants me to google how to drive?? I need proper resources?? What??
Bert Jansch - Instrumental II (Rough, With John Renbourn, Unreleased)  NowPlaying  6music
Chansey (55.56%-13/3/9,Zen Headbutt/Dazzling Gleam) Until 16:23:45 (24m 26s) 
Chula Vista: Tangela (60.00%IV 12/4/11 Vine Whip/Sludge Bomb). TTH: 04:29:04pm. 
Support vaccines, science, &  autistic people? Please take a few minutes to tell  Voices4Vaccines why:
 vaccineswork
 iiKiDxGhosT  stadiumgoods ok. U shop listed on google as a retail shop for some reason.
Tauros 93% (13/15/14) tackle fast/earthquake) till 16:12:27 (13m 12s) 
Chansey 89% (14/14/12) pound fast/dazzling gleam) till 16:05:15 (6m 1s) 
In retraction request to CNN, Trump team confirms CNN story  TomPrice  Endoracrat  SDzzz  Alasscan_  mgranville1  
DON'T QUIT! fitness campaign kicks off 
Branding Consulting | Creative Agency  creativeagency
Amazon Locker comes to Blink Fitness locations in NYC 
The most expensive 100 Google Adwords keywords in the US  
Dry Creek Rancheria is an American Indian reservation. 
 IoT: Neurala raises  14m to expand market for NASA-tested AI into drones and cars 
 IoT: Global Smart Infrastructure - A Smart Approach to Smart Cities in 2016 
AI Throwdown: Google Assistant vs. Siri [Infographic]  Marketing 
 IoT: Antenna Technology Continues Fast Evolution 
 IoT: Who is Anna-Senpai, the Mirai Worm Author? 
 titus757  KevinWatson1025  Seanlawler91 In 2 weeks! Fire Emblem for your phone. Dunno if it's just Google Play or… 
DJs Live/Chatroom/Great Tunes Get Our Google App & IPhone App
Let's see what's all the fuss all about  
Voltorb available until 07:28:47pm (29m 50s). Tackle / Discharge (48.89% - 10/0/12) 
How to Write  SEO Friendly Articles.🌏   semrushchat  Google  socialmedia  digitalmarketing 
[Glen Iris] Hitmonlee (IV: 37%) until 11:27:27AM at 10 Anthony St 
[Mosman] Venusaur (IV: 57%) until 11:28:23AM at 40 Bay St 
Check this game out!  android
Art imitates life? Kim Kardashian films cameo for jewel heist movie 
Grimer 67% (13/13/4) 
mud slap fast/sludge bomb
till 19:26:05 (0s) 
 magisshupp  TheMaineTeacher That’s awesome! It seems strange not to be planning for the Google Sites lesson with your Latin IVs...
"Google acquires Fabric from Twitter  TWTR  GOOG  Google" Google- Twitter coming soon 🤔🤔🤔💭 
A wild Eevee has appeared! Available until 02:28:42 (29m 45s). 
Become a subscriber for a chance to win a  25 Apple Store or Google Play Store e-gift card!

Subscribe:… 
8 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
Fabric is joining Google 
Dragonair appeared! IV: 71.11% (9/10/13). Moves: Dragon Breath,Wrap. At 201 Swan Lake Dr. 31m 2s left. 
A great Arbok appeared! It will be 52m from the Huntsman Center until 5:28 PM.  
Exeggcute available until 07:28:43pm (29m 58s). Confusion / Psychic (93.33% - 13/15/14) 
A wild Magikarp has appeared! Available until 02:28:37 (29m 46s). 
To remind you how important inauguration performances are, ask who performed for Obama (and do NOT Google the answer). TRUTH? Don’t matter!
Ein Dratini mit 46.67% (1/6/14)! Dovenfleet None. 
GoogleE THAT SHIT B
 LetsRabbit Google feud is always fun.
Well, if you open Google maps you'll be amazed at how fast that little blue dot goes down the runway. 
fabric is joining google だと？！
I've just played Cops 'n' Robbers from  mazooma_ available on the App Store, it was awesome! Try it out free : 
 crashlytics team w  jeffseibert is brilliant. They'll fit better in Google. 
CNN: Banks begin moving thousands of jobs out of Britain. 
Google Image Result for 
omo i remember when i was a full army i was stalking taehyung pics on google and then i found this *rene pic (without me knowing back then -
Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team from Twitter via  techcrunch
Fashionista's Favorite Stories of 2016 
 MikeTokes not to mention that abortions are disproportionate across race. 
Rottn UKgov&laws deny noneu spouses of UKCITS spse visas if Brit can't meet HO demnds.UK fams torn aprt by own gov.

The latest the  googlediary!  measure  inspiredbydata
CNN panelist says fellow panelist is ‘mediocre Negro’ 4 supporting Trump – TheBlaze OK comment 4 Left?? 
 JimmyKimmelLive 👈😲WHAT do you know for sure about climate change? Nothing! 

Quick vid on easily creating charts and graphs with Google Sheets.  gafe  edtech 

 terrymendozer  RuthBLee  FoxNews why don't you google Republicans skipping 2013 inauguration and get off your fucking high hirse
But actually what I was talking about was a serious topic. Here is me on a  jvplive webinar talking white supremacy 
【The Cat of Happiness】　  TheCatofHappiness 
【iOS】【Android】
307 is not a "lie". 307 is a server based temporary redirects. And yes, Google Chrome shows "Fake 307" sometimes.… 
Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team from Twitter 
Obama rebukes claims of voter fraud as 'fake news'  scam  fraud
Huntsville Utilities issues alert to customers after receiving spike in scam reports  scam  fraud
Gmail Phishing Scam: What to do if you've been duped and what steps to take next  scam  fraud
Obama Gets Fired Up Over Voting Rights: Voter Fraud Is 'Fake News'  scam  fraud
Singapore Airlines at 70: promo fares to US, Europe, South Africa at travel fair  travel  travelgeniereg  whatrugo…
 RADIO  TOP40 Now Playing  If I Were Sorry  frans  APPS Apple Google 
Wow pretty unprecedented. 
 Stakely_ here's my old review from a few years back. I should have something done this weekend for you 
Donald Trump 2020 campaign ready with 'Keep America Great' slogan 🇺🇸 
 lfortewilliams Here is what the current voting status is. 
Where to Eat this CNY 2017 
Nintendo says new 'Fire Emblem Heroes' game coming to iPhone and iPad 'soon'  ios  game
Fire Emblem: Heroes headed to Android in February, iOS 'soon'  ios  game
'Fire Emblem Heroes' iPhone Release Date: When to expect the Android app on iOS  ios  game
Here's How the Fire Emblem Mobile Game Works  ios  game
Fire Emblem Heroes “Choose Your Legends” event is now live!  ios  game
Nintendo Debuts New 'Fire: Emblem Heroes' Smartphone Game, Coming Soon to iOS Devices  ios  game
BlackBerry Priv Review Re-Do [2017]  downloader  androidapps
 GlitchDeity If google and apple are paying the big bucks then Nintendo will take the offer with how unstable mobile gaming can be.
'Fire Emblem: Heroes' Looks Promising, Coming Feb. 2 on iOS and Android  ios  game
 michaeljbassett My friend Mac's Siri actually argues with him & never answers the question! It's hysterical! Google gets it done.
NBoeing All-Star voting 
 infinityhannxh I have Google Play Music because I also get YouTube Red which means there's no YouTube adds on any… 
"Canon Granted More Patents in 2016 than Google, Microsoft, and Apple" DL Cade

If you look at patents awarded as …
Sometimes, Google is really helpful. Other times, Google is the… 
Disgusting. Google  Adsense ought to be ashamed at themselves. From Headline to Photograph, a Fake News Masterpiece 
Victreebel 42% (7/2/10) 
acid fast/sludge bomb
till 18:23:28 (0s) 
Scaly head moth with weird dick named in honor of Trump. Truth.
 cantmakethisup  cantbuildamothwall  poeticjustice?


Why we should leave the UN. 
Snorlax 42% (7/8/4) zen headbutt fast/body slam) till 15:58:42 (27s) 
Google explains how Android detects malware before it gets out of hand:  android
Mid Atlantic ridge greenpeace  
 maytevs just reach level 3 on  Google  :) thank you for info! :) 
Never saw such a tiny   Vampire !
  100YearsLove
iOS：Android：
South Windsor Muk 29m 9s 57.78 13 12 1 Lick Sludge Wave 
VaShawn Mitchell - Favor (Ain't Fair)   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
Google has provided us with a very good definition of "highbrow". 
 108 Lickitung (Zen Headbutt/Hyper Beam 2/9/0 - 24.44%) 137 Sherman Ave S L8M 2R1, 07:27:53pm (29m 47s left) 
Josh Grant – Jimmy Albertson – Jake Weimer   MonsterEnergyCup 
No visit to  brentwood is complete without a play date with pip_pip_pippa !! I LOVE this  dog… 
Ghost Dogs : Watch Recon 
Dratini 56% (7/13/5) dragon breath fast/wrap) till 19:19:47 (21m 40s) 
"An Interview with Saba" by Ebro Darden  nowplaying  beats1 
[Macquarie Park] Porygon (IV: 68%) until 11:27:59AM at  Macquarie Walk 
If you are sad.. please google pictures of dogs with bee stings. You won't regret it. 😌
Don't Rely on Google or Facebook and Misconceptions About Content Marketing - 
Lickitung (IV: 48%) until 04:27:31PM at 10512 Midnight Gleam Ave 
web Film 2017 crid:23vau2  ... help being a huge slab of product for Google Earth. Because he is trying use that track ...
He will be greatly missed from the sociology community🙁 can't believe this didn't get more press! 
[Rhodes Ranch] Snorlax (IV: 26%) until 04:17:45PM at 5675 S Grand Canyon Dr 
New Patents Hint at Amazon and Google’s Plans to Compete with Uber  tech 
[Manly] Snorlax (IV: 64%) until 11:25:09AM at 3 Craig Ave 
Lickitung (IV: 37%) until 04:13:20PM at 4670 San Vito St 
Lickitung 62% (11/11/6) zen headbutt fast/hyper beam) till 16:18:26 (20m 25s) 
What is LipSense?! THE last lip color you will have to buy. Order here:  lipboss  LipSense… 
PLS click HERE⏩tweet> GovInslee
Encourage him to support breaching 4 lower Snake River dams… 
Life is full of questions but for every question there is a Google page
 TheEllenShow Don't want to overcharge your android device?

Finished "Track Changes" about word processing. Now I have to read "My Petition For More Space" written w/ a PDP-10 
64% Hitmonchan
11/15/3
Exp:07:27:34pm
Lower Manhattan,10038 
Elephant protein destroys human cancer cells, Utah researchers say - via 
Machamp available until 07:27:49pm (29m 57s). Karate Chop / Stone Edge (33.33% - 1/5/9) 
Eventbrite | Boston Women's March For America 
This Is Us Creator: You Won’t Find Out How Jack Died for a While 
Google maps just opened itself & set a route to my job and idk if it was a ghost or som dirt but I gotta tell ya I didn't  like it
Lickitung! IV:46.67%,(0/10/11) till 04:27:38pm.   UBC 
Sandshrew 100% (15/15/15) mud shot fast/rock tomb) till 16:26:42 (28m 48s) 
Dogs r not here 4 ur entertainment, they're here 2 b loved. Dnt go n see this film
 BeardedPixelTV  rawrsnacks So, I fired up google calendar, and blocked out every minute of the day with *something* until it was all full!
Chansey 64% (13/6/10) zen headbutt fast/hyper beam) till 16:17:33 (19m 44s) 
Ninetales available until 05:27:27pm (29m 48s). Ember / Heat Wave (68.89% - 14/3/14) 
"How Slack brought its desktop app to the Windows Store"  microsoft  feedly
 nicole_mox1  qsthread Google and check out the characteristics. It's pretty spot on. 😃
Trump's inauguration will be protested in all 50 states and 32 countries 
just paint d a bfue square in my yard to trtck people viewing Google Earth into thinking I have a swimminm pool!
Check out our latest collaboration with  LewPortPEC featuring our  lewportms
Drama Club's "Young Actors Workshop"!… 
   You have been blessed.
Thanks to google I kno the real from fake now 
Great piece on high ded plans featuring  ashishkjha AND  amitabhchandra2 AMP | Marketplace 
 pigeon_ferguson  SovereignTwit  JetpackClam  Sargon_of_Akkad  thebloodyban Become AnCapistan, Google promesses saf… 
The people in this documentary have gotta stop using such big words, ive gotta keep pausing every 2 minutes to google what they mean
BOT0855]BBC LIVE NEWS AP*TALK CHAT AP*
Free! In-game chat, news, and more!  PTL  C9WIN  LCSBigPlays  LCS  LeagueOfLegends  lol op
What Wilbur Ross Said About Trump and Cybersecurity at His Confirmation Hearing 
Chicago colleges to host 1st federal cybersecurity training 
The Firebase Blog: Welcoming Fabric to Google 
Gostei de um vídeo do  YouTube de  thekubzscouts IS IT WEIRD TO LIKE THE SMELL OF YOUR BoeingLLS? | Google Feud
Nelson to lead new Senate panel on cybersecurity 
Lewis Hamilton: Mercedes driver backs new team-mate Valtteri Bottas 
A Department of Defense Cybersecurity Bootcamp is Coming to Chicago's City Colleges 
Recently a quiet announcement that Keras will be an integrated high level API in Google's TensorFlow… 
Fox Rock Rio 
Google Android search app will keep trying your searches when your internet connection is poor… 
Raichu available until 07:27:09pm (29m 40s). Thunder Shock / Thunder (4.44% - 2/0/0) 
Trump's Pick for Education Secretary Refused to Disavow Teaching 'Intelligent Design' in Public ...  design
 beatsbyju they're easy to make. Google is the shit
 domehouselakes there is a lot SEO spam on google, so annoying.
San Francisco Design Agency JUNIOR to Shut Down  design
Rock 
Ths leftist states30%of Chobani employees r Muslm refugees &says BuyBuyBuy,what he doesnt sayALL othrs r Muslim also

DJI acquires Hasselblad, the iconic Swedish camera company 
 KindLadyAdilah someone was telling me about it so I Googled it. If you google is Broccoli man made the first link will tell you all
 The_Episiarch Pterospora andromedea illustration is from here: 
 H5N8 map update Backyard Farm Bauchi Nigeria  H5N5  H5N1  H5N2  H5N6  birdflu 
SEO Specialist 
Yoast SEO 
Wordpress SEO + Security Support 
Debra Daun completed the achievement and received rewards Warden! 
 MegaWaffle  SiriusWakita well i just it on google no need to be rude
Cybersecurity Issues Among Key Challenges to Enterprise Mobility 
Cybersecurity Issues Am…
Grimer available until 07:26:46pm (29m 27s). Mud Slap / Sludge (48.89% - 1/13/8) 
RENEWABLE ENERGY Interior approves first phase of massive Wyo. wind project - Environment & Energy Publishing ☄  v… 
Everyone Google STEVE BoeingNNON and Lady Gaga delivers a heartfelt performance of Lady Gaga's discography” by
Google and the smaller search eng:nes put extra importance on the yords in your H1 text. (HubSpot)
You can google me. Soundcloud me. Jango me. iTunes me. Spotify me. Google Play me. More to come.
 Visit_Madison What are some things to do in Madison in the winter. Here's my list. 
Pre-Reg on Google Play tomorrow.  Guess I'm finally reaping the benefits of switching.  FireEmblemHeroes
Seadra 40% (9/2/7) dragon breath fast/hydro pump) till 18:22:16 (24m 55s) 
Primeape available until 07:27pm (29m 47s). IVs: 84% (15/10/13 A/D/S). Moves: Low Kick / Night Slash. 
Son writes honest death notice lamenting mother's smoking - Chicago...  Qwit  StopSmoking 
Polyamory: The relationship structure where you don't make booty calls, you make booty appointments. Thx Google Calendar!
everytime i google suicide tips google tells me to call a suicide hotline
Acronis Employs Heuristics and Blockchain Technologies to Combat Ransomware 
Google Makes a Wonderful Concierge 
RSA: Dragonite 68.89% (7/12/12/Dragon Breath/Dragon Pulse) till 16:18:07 (20m 58s).
CP for lvl30+: 2448

 TimeDazu ACCORDING TO GoogleE YOU HAVE CANCER
 weather news: Brisbane weather: Record numbers crank air conditioning 
Debra Daun reached new skill level in exploring the picture "Palatial office"! 
 andyguy Not evidence for demons. I'll let you Google the more plausible explanations for this phenomenon if you haven't already done so.
"Cheap holidays 2017: On The Beach SLASHES package prices to Thailand to UNDER £500" 
 OfficialJoshA Just bought Google Play Music for 3 Years to listen to these dope albums that are LIT ASF🔥👌 
Sassy Lady completed the quest Sweet sugar candy! 
【 Google Alert - iasb 】 Virginia launches search for new superintendent 
65 News • 'Nexus 10 returning to sale 'soon', Google Play listing says' via  233liveOnline. Full story at 
Lifelong Google endorsement or Lifelong Apple endorsement?
Washington state suing student loan giant Navient 
Today's Essential Travel Tips For Paris 
Once you've opened Pandora's Box...
 SocialMedia  SMM  Marketing  Business  Google  Facebook  Twitter  Manchester 
Easy ways to make money online 
Puerto Rico oversight board favors more time for restructuring talks 
Earn fast money 
 RobinMae1  barefootboomer  DanKaszeta  JimmyRushmore Oh and does that include the tanks in South Korea? 
More Google greed. Google testing new look for local inventory ads in place of local pack via  sengineland
Business internet 
Sky-high immigration 'may continue for two years after Britain leaves EU' says Brexit Secretary ...  RipEuropa
High School Aquaponics  aquaponics
1500 US rabbis urge Trump to support refugees  RipEuropa
Small craft and high surf advisories  craft
Same Day Cash 
 Harryyy_15 google just told me
Cybersecurity Issues Among Key Challenges to Enterprise Mobility 
Craft, LEGOs and more at Conant Library  craft
I really like the Google Pixel. For being my first smartphone, it's very good.
IBM partners with Bell to launch enterprise mobility platform in Canada 
The Detroit Start-Up Helping Women Craft a Path Out of Homelessness  craft
Marketing An Introduction Read Download PDF/Audiobook id:kvramn1 lkui: Marketing An Introduction Read Download… 
 RealDrGina don't forget to google Elizabeth Warren in 2003...she was FOR school vouchers...don't let her off the hook w/her lying
"Microsoft to continue to partner with Baidu, following former VP Lu's move"  microsoft  feedly
Methods For Community Based Participatory Research For Health: File Name: Methods For Community Based Participatory… 
Get tested for the 'forgotten virus' today 
official newcastle united fc nufc crest kit hard back case for htc phones 1  NUFC  ashleyout
Forex: J 128.67 to one US dollar 
Digi Dhan Mela to promote e-transactions: In order to promote digital transactions, NITI Aayog and the…  telangana
[Altona North] Snorlax (IV: 42%) until 11:23:12AM at 2 Cooper Ave 
Hearst Connecticut Media Boys Cross Country All-Stars 
In times of turmoil, the Vocal Seniority group forms to once again speak truth to power 
FOREX-Dollar rises as Yellen remarks suggest quick rate hikes 
Telangana State govt to avail Bridging of Irrigation gap Ayacut scheme: Hyderabad: As part of…  telangana
GBP/JPY momentum is supportive for attempt higher  TradeGoX
Job Creation Could Fall off a Cliff in the Months Ahead 
Man charged in car-pedestrian crash that killed Rome man 
Somber Antonio Brown faces the media music over his now infamous video 
Mexican singer Anahi gives birth to her first child, a boy 
Expect Everything To Change In 2017 
FOREX-Dollar edges up after hitting nearly six-week low 
Telangana CM bats for development and welfare of minorities: Pitching for the development of the…  telangana
Intel Invests in IoT Retail Platform for a Smart Shopping Experience 
Joey Diaz: Sociably Unacceptable is coming to CD, iTunes, Google Play & more! Preorder it here:… 
Dad killed in horror road crash in Lucan named locally as Martin Finn 
Alzheimer's Disease: Untapped Potential for Pharmacy 
[Essendon] Blastoise (IV: 17%) until 11:26:25AM at 22 Richardson St 
Irish pop star Morgan Deane reveals her South African prison hell after she was threatened with ... 
[Croydon Park] Venusaur (IV: 44%) until 11:26:52AM at 2 Clyde St 
Watervliet Arsenal job fair part of outreach to next generation 
The Latest: George HW Bush, Barbara, in hospital overnight 
Twisted foot so sleeping on sofa. Get to watch  w/o ear plugs 😁
Meet China's Sharp Sword, a stealth drone that can likely carry 2 tons of bombs 
 Sustainablehero +20
COMMENTARY/
EPIC! 
 Solar
 SolarPower
 CarPark  SolarParking  SolarPowerPlant 
 EV
 EVPlugNStay

 NowPlayingOnXIVFM C4 BOYZ - C4 Boys 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

[Braybrook] Hitmonchan (IV: 57%) until 11:26:08AM at 24 Cremorne St 
 ShellSheddy  SupaReaper  bradheath dear dimwit. Google dnc wikileaks. Brooklyn election indictments. Wapo/cnn/msnbc/dnc coord. Etc
Track exit clicks using Google Tag Manager in 10 steps -   orbiteers 
 Kauaigold no shit, google me
Trump University 'Alums' Talk Getting 'Scammed' as President-Elec 
Venusaur available until 07:26:21pm (29m 28s). Vine Whip / Petal Blizzard (55.56% - 2/13/10) 
Anyone at Apple retail have access to the current screensaver running on demo Macs?


This app called mCent gives you free airtime for trying new apps: 
 USA_Jedi Once again, you're wrong. Like dead wrong. And you celebrate your own ignorance with photos you found on Google. You're very sad.
 realDonaldTrump levisteveholt
 Your so fat when I go on Google Earth all I see is your belly button
Google Shares Details on How They Spot Malicious Apps in the Play Store via  xdadevelopers
 xAmelieMayx You're welcome, Amelie. Give us a shout if you have any other Google Play questions in the future.
University of Louisville board similar to last year 
<-download Train Masturbation  naked  teen  porn  xxx
New UofL board similar to board Bevin appointed last year 
 infowars  RealPIW  DRUDGE  BreitbartNews  Bitcoin ACCEPTED!  WakeUp  PayPal  Patreon  Twitter  YouTube  Google  
The art of poetry on a new plan, illustrated with a great variety of ...
By Art:... 
Dragonite 69% (15/13/3) steel wing fast/dragon pulse) till 16:04:46 (7m 57s) 
Welcome to the next premier of NSW. 99.9% called by the ABC just now. Stuffed up the transport portfolio, failed... 
Calling all med students involved in geriatrics research! NGIG JL Research Award apps are now open, due March 31st! 
 nsroundtable  MahirZeynalov no source was Google, and you are angry bully, who accuses much and contributes little...
 business  retail Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (G… 
This cat owner said it looked as though their pet is wearing t… via 
Google is buying most of Twitter’s developer products, including Crashlytics  social  feedly
Dewgong appeared! IV: 51.11% (9/13/1). Moves: Frost Breath,Icy Wind. At 1500 N Ocean Blvd. 27m 31s left. 
Google Firebase ซื้อ Fabric!!!
"Yeah I've never read your menu what do you have?" EVER HEARD OF GoogleE?????
Google is going to be dethroned as the  1 Search Engine by YouTube so better pay attention!   MLM
I wonder if there are other Twitter parts for sale...


Real Madrid loses again and is on the verge of being eliminated from Copa del Rey 
From Glitter To Free Joints, Trump Protesters Plan To Get Their Message Out  ResistTrump
Discontent in DC: Lawmakers, citizens protest Trump inauguration  ResistTrump
It's Lit: Legal Weed Advocates Roll 4200 Joints to Protest Trump at His Inauguration  ResistTrump
All eyes on Trump protest bra designed by Halifax woman  ResistTrump
Importance of protest in a Trump United States  ResistTrump
THANK YOU GOD!!! 
solitaire diamond drop earrings – Google Search 
An app to teach your children to read.

Free license_Teach your children to read 

Find it in GAMESdrop:… 
 jamfan40 I finally ditched Google maps and switched to Waze. I like it a lot better.
*tweets and then has to google whether or not athlete she just praised has been accused of domestic violence/sexual assault*
This is a sad day... Mike Baird quits as NSW premier 
Google is really smart...  wirelesscharging  batterylife  battery  google  lowpower  charging 
 _WildlifePlanet I did a google earth search of this property, that photo shows areas that are not a part of the actual zoo
On Friday,  washingtonpost is to run ads that protestors can use as signs. It's a fascinating distribution method: 
Google "Is Broccoli man-made." First link that comes up will tell you everything. 
A year ago I showed my mom this picture of a Goldendoodle I found on Google Images and now this dog is in my house… 
 di7067  JButing  ZellnerLaw  carrollj539 Not as well as Ken Kratz worst lies nor sick Sexts  MakingAMurderer  Ugly
Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones  smartphone
Fire Emblem Heroes announced for smartphones  smartphone
Got an Android phone? Give the  ReflexGamingLtd app a try! 
Pops! Diabetes Care raises  1.2M for smartphone-connected glucometer  smartphone
 Coimbatore : Four elephants dead in <b>Coimbatore</b> within 24 hours 
Watching  Incorporated on  PickBox 📺🙋🏻‍♂️ 
 heartless_pe + sentence, type it into google &find YOUR ENTIRE "PAPER" verbatim, I wouldn't/couldn't be held responsible for my actions lol
If you haven't seen this Google Classroom Cheat Sheet  hyperdoc from  cogswell_ben yet, you need to NOW!  GAFE… 
Look, I got a Rabbit Meat!
( ・ω・ )
⊃(::::)=3⊂

+ Carrot

= …!?

 HuntCookGame 
 POTUS no way to justify this...
 keithlenclark use google to search for verses where babies can believe.
 SenSanders retweet! 
China’s Top Economic Official Braces for Possible Trade War - 
Fabric Blog | Build. Understand. Grow. 
New HB 1060 Bill Would Allow Medical Marijuana in Washington Schools - MERRY JANE  PotBot 
Hands on BlackBerry DTEK60 vs Google Pixel  DTEK60  GooglePixel  Comparison  HandsOn  BlackBerry  BBRY  Google
Farm ready to take on new frontier of medical marijuana - WJXT Jacksonville  PotBot 
 realDonaldTrump drgoodspine ivanka
 Hey, unless your name is Google, stop acting like you know everything.
This Drone Camera Sees in the Dark and Could Save Your Life - Outside Magazine  thermal  camera
 realDonaldTrump ..you are a HUUGE LIAR 🤥 According to Google image search, this picture was taken in Mexico on 1/13

 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  Beat It  Michael Jackson  APPS Apple Google 
Chula Vista: Dragonite (84.44%IV 15/8/15 Dragon Breath/Dragon Pulse). TTH: 04:26:03pm. 
Africa's object lesson in democracy  diplomacy  africa
Delays, dispute hamper plans for UN regional force for South Sudan  diplomacy  africa
Here's The Official Spirit Roster


Education department fee panel remains headless - Times of India  education  india
The BCI wants to nominate an “expert” for all faculty selection committees + more - Bar & Bench  education  india
 realDonaldTrump  NBCNews pretty sure spokesman for Fiat-Chrysler said you had nothing to do with their deal 
 matt Brickman google Bob Sabes. He was associated with the mob. No kidding. Why did they name the JCC after him? He fled to Las Vegas
i'm deep into a cheren related search and google keeps giving me pictures of sans.
Call Types: Accident

Location: 1 blk S RANDALL RD

Map Link: 
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  Slow  Kylie Minogue  APPS Apple Google 
What is Google RankBrain and How Does It Affect Your Website’s SERP Rankings? - 
 RealMikeWilbon would love to hear PTI's take on this subject 
Upcoming  webinar: Understand & Fix Google Blacklist Warnings. Jan 25th, at 11am PST, w/  artdecotech. Register now… 
 Google reveals how it flagged 25,000  Android  apps for malware - The Next Web 
6 Basic Google Scholar Tips Every Teacher Should Know about via EducatorsTechnology via  bbsutton… 
Rafflesia 91% (14/13/14) razor leaf fast/solar beam) till 01:17:36 (21m 31s) 
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Lawmakers find things they like, dislike in proposed spending plan S…
I'm very bad people, with youtube and girls, and I know you used google translate to see this message=D
 Oddish despawn 01:25:40 (29m 31s). 91.11%. A/D/S: 15/13/13. Acid, Sludge Bomb. 
Sounds like it could be social anxiety. Check in w/ this article to see if it resonates. 
Plz explain this earth shift or gimmie some keywords to google cus I'm interested af. I can't do hard liq no more.… 
Check out our google search add.. 
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: E cig companies usa Although buying any e-cigarette within the Unite…
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: E-cigarette explosions prompt reminder from Lyndhurst officials Two …
[Blackburn South] Hitmonchan (IV: 73%) until 11:25:58AM at 6 Chandler St 
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Which brand electronic cigarette can you use dry marijuana in A comp…
 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: Wismec RX75 E-cigarette Kit The Wismec RX75 E-cigarette Kit from TEC…
My professor is using in 2017 I can't make this stuff up... LADY ITS 2017 JUST USE GoogleE LIKE EVERYONE ELSE
SIGN👏UP👏AND👏SING👏FOR👏US👏

 vapingsaveslives  ivapeivote This just in..: You vape, bro? Cuomo wants a tax ALBoeingNY - The liquid used in e-cigar…
Don't worry folks, it's just a liberal/ Chinese hoax.  WWC is on top of it.  
[London] Lickitung (IV: 22%) until 12:21:56AM at  Blackheath Ave 
Alanis Morissette Manager Admits to Stealing Nearly  5M From Singer - Hollywood Reporter

Hollywood Reporter

Alan… 
 msmith2327 multiple sources and the easiest way to confirm is to google. Here is one. 
Trump Budget Nominee Did Not Pay Taxes for Employee  HunterHRC2016  mgranville1  Shoq  KasiaMikurda  JohnSmithChgo  
[Pasir Ris] Lickitung (IV: 6%) until 08:22:46AM at 218 Loyang Ave 
Snorlax (IV: 22%) until 04:12:26PM at 4945 N El Capitan Way 
Porygon (IV: 33%) until 04:12:17PM at 3101 Spring Mountain Rd 
 Netflix's 'Abstract: The  Art of  Design' Will Spotlight the World's Most  Creative Minds 
Jynx appeared! IV: 57.78% (10/15/1). Moves: Pound,Draining Kiss. At 112 Sadler Way. 15m 27s left. 
What will humans look like in 100 years| Juan Enriquez  greenpeace  
Google moves to own whole ecosystem for its driverless cars 
11 Expert Tips For Making Walking In Heels Less Painful 
Samsung Has Patented A Flip Cover With An E-Ink Display  Android  news  Google... by  RRavt10 via  c0nvey
 joshgad  GeorgeTakei  KeithOlbermann  kurteichenwald This is powerful. Retweet!! 
Watch Out for This Frighteningly Effective Gmail Scam 
 smartphonesGoogle is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones - The Verge 
Vaporeon 58% (12/10/4) water gun fast/aqua tail) till 
 afc_weller  SHITCUNT__ there's always Google with a lot of explanation if you search for something with WiFi channels. It's pretty easy
Snorlax 71% (8/9/15) lick fast/earthquake) till 16:10:48 (14m 53s) 
Wilbur Ross, Trump's Commerce Pick, Fired Undocumented Household Worker Before Confirmation Hearing. Trump =fraud  
Welcoming Fabric to Google's Developer Product Group 
Tangela available until 07:25pm (29m 47s). IVs: 20% (5/1/3 A/D/S). Moves: Vine Whip / Sludge Bomb. 
Just used 
This is what we use Google home for lol 
thanks google 
Referral spam and invalid data in  googleanalytics sucks. Check out  carlosesal's NEW ultimate guide to get the fix: 
Late to the party 🎉......invest in an African correspondence and not google news only 🤦‍♂️ 
When your purpose exceededs your dream  InspireYoungsters
World's Youngest Boxing Champion the Pride of Baltimore

 RADIO  90s  juice Now Playing  The Riddle  Nik Kershaw  APPS Apple Google 
Nas Launches Black History Month Collection In Support Children's Development. 
Snorlax 31% (5/6/3) zen headbutt fast/body slam) till 16:03:42 (7m 57s) 
Yay for google having slogans for acid deposition 😂
People have it in their head that Google is perfect and they're REALLY not.
google black porno latoya jackson fucks 
Blastoise available until 07:25:01pm (29m 24s). Water Gun / Flash Cannon (68.89% - 15/5/11) 
1st Draft of Top 100  Sabres. Give me feedback 
Remington Park Dratini 29m 45s 44.44 2 12 6 Dragon Breath Aqua Tail 
I voted for Donald Trump, and I already regret it 
Google Maps Starts Showing Parking Availability vía  xdadevelopers
Top story: College fires IT admin, loses access to Google email, successfully s… see more 
 PaulWellman_EG  LondonYIMBY Reminds me of a big scheme in Arnos Grove do the time-travel streetview 
01/18 18:54 / 1100 New Bern Ave, RA / Medical Unknown (32B9) / T14 / 062Y / EMS7
Diamcor Provides Update on Operational Expansions and Rough Diamond Tenders for Third ... 
 Kittencab00dles  trillharris  BrassHearts This is pretty close to the recipe my friend's mom & aunt used: 
Next Weeks Broker Price Targets For Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited (NYSE:HMY) 
Recognize him? Police seek suspect after NYPD Pizza on North Avenue robbed at gunpoint - --=
Man killed in Chesapeake Drive shooting - WZTV --
Cur decorator proposal (st2) only works inside class def. But—proposal (st0) for func expr by  IgorMinar: + pamasaur
Suffolk Capital Management LLC Sells 37948 Shares of Electronics for Imaging, Inc. (EFII) 
 stannah  usa Stannah 420 Remote Control Problem? 
Jim Hill High School broken into overnight, electronics stolen 
Chubby shoplifter returned to steal from Essendon electronics store one month later 
Wheel Chair Lift Harmar AL 500  harmar  stairlift
Check out new game - 4 Pics 1 Footballer! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
You might be able to unlock 2017's 'iPhone X' with a look 
01/18 18:54 / 1100 New Bern Ave, RA / Medical (FMED) / T14 / 062Y / RFE3
Benchmark Electronics Inc. (BHE) Moves Higher on Volume Spike for January 18 
Run Android OS On Iphone 5 Models Using Our Platform 
NowPlaying : Brock Berrigan - The Celebration Song 

 Android App 
 PeripouWebRadio
Post-holiday iPhone sales fears 'overblown,' analyst says 
Michigan unemployment ticks up to 5 percent 
Will Apple's Entire 2017 iPhone Lineup Feature OLED Displays? 
Nimble Software Systems Launches Ximble Workforce Management Platform  timemanagement
Top story: Google Acquires Twitter Assets Fabric, Crashlytics, Answers, Digits,… see more 
just painted a blue square in my yard to trick people viewing Google Earth into thinking I have a swimming boolg
This is the month Twitter sold Fabric to Google, shut down Vine, and lost many of its best people. What next?
Rhydon 67% (10/5/15) rock smash fast/megahorn) till 16:16:19 (20m 47s) 
Poliwrath available until 07:53:18pm (57m 52s). Mud Shot / Submission (17.78% - 4/4/0) 
i think my most frequent google search is 'how to write a cover letter'
World’s First App Ranks Sites Page 1 On Google For Thousands Of Locations 
Dratini available until 07:25:15pm (29m 53s). Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail (75.56% - 12/7/15) 
 Pamela_Moore13 But math... 
 Media  Oligarchs  MegaBanks vs  Union  Occupy  BLM  Humanity
 FrancesFields.
She was the teacher from England I wrote abt in  pmharper letters.
Removed from  google search. EastPass NS
 CSIS
So fabric is being acquired by Google! That's great.
Coming soon to a cluster near you: Seamless healthcare 🗣 Opines on  Healthcare
From Google Alerts: NOPD deputy chief of staff resigns amid probe of hiring misconduct 
From Google Alerts: Former Bourbon Street stripper booked with hotel armed robbery of Boston tourist 
Throwback to when you actually had to google memes. Now they're just about everywhere😂
The model 1edelweiss is now live! En vivo por  camgirl  sex  webcam 
BookTweeter is on Google+:  bktwtr
South Korean court dismisses arrest warrant for Samsung chief - The Indian Express News!
Found possible Google API key(s)  infoleak
 I_Am_Simplex Btw, judging by google, you and me have different definitions of a "small city", haha. I live in a town with 50.000 people.
CBS News shocked to report local man cured his cancer with  cannabis oil 
Is the world ready for Ryan Lochte's 'new image'? - New York Post  Hollywood 
Central Division responding to '32 - Suspicious Person' at 5500 blk Vanderbilt Ave | Beat 141 | | 17:51
 Thalia_Nyx <--- "Saddam Hussein Life Of Butality"  criticalthinkrs  denisedavis1976  TRafaelCimino 
Chrisette Michele set to join Trump's D-list inauguration line-up - New York Daily News 
Developers trust Google -  Google is taking over Twitter’s mobile app developer platform Fabric.… 
Go to these benefit and anti-inauguration concerts in NYC  nyc  music
 MoElleithee HRC on lying (plus lied to the FBI about her private server) 
Greetings and a happy  MondayMotivation day! 
Sundance Chief John Cooper on Diversity, Trump Protests, and Why Indie Film Is Going Strong - Variety… 
Silence is golden: How Google hunts Android malware in the wild - The Register 
Busch Gardens Tampa Bay’s third annual Food & Wine Festival 
Love the breakfast at this hotel! 
Approach Google with caution! 
Why stay in two hotel rooms? 
Who has tried Japanese Tempura? 
Beyonce on Anti-Trump Women's March: 'We Can Make Our Voices Heard' - 
Google grabs Twitter app platform Fabric via  DesiForce News
【My cutie devil】　  mycutiedevil 
【iOS】【Android】
URGENT!! PLEASE tweet for starving  Blackfish & help convince  POTUS to  FreeTheSnake before he leaves. 
 Ten9Promo Purchase 'Forward' by  FLAME314 HERE:
Google Play: Cop=|||||||||||||!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ClearSightMusic
Using Google Analytics might feel exhausting. Focus on your goal & look for ways to use the data to your advantage.… 
My water bottle blew up in my bag and got my computer wet so now I'm upload 5k+ pictures to google drive and buying a hard drive tomorrow
Creating a new destination for cruise ships in Bluff 
Credit Card Industry to See New Regulations and Higher Interest Rates in 2017 
Resolution adopted against Modi in Senate  India  Pakistan
Desire Nude Cruises to Set Sail in Europe in 2017-18 
 Joshawott huh, maybe they rushed this deal for google to appease some ruffled execs
Don't Want to Get Sick? Now There's a Fitbit® App for That - achu™! 
Get your  thegame on with the new  GooglePlay playlist Turn Up Time 💯


IoT's Growing Pains Put Devices at Risk for Ransomware 
お？fabric is joining Google???
Lesson from Jeff Moore  Google "Networking is more about giving, not just receiving"  PaulPride  StudentAmbassadors
Cubs' fans get a look at World Series trophy: More than 500 Cubs' fans turned out to get a… 
Blackhawks Ratings Down Despite Team's Success: The Blackhawks have "posted an average… 
New Fantasy Sports App on iTunes and Google Play! 
Reshared post from RAVEN SHAQQUILLE: 
Google and AIGA asked 9,000 designers to describe their work. Here’s what they heard back. 
New & Gently Used Stair Lifts, Wheelchair Lifts & More| Buy Sell Rent 
Love this article about  googlemaps! Have you heard that I'm on google street view? (See pinned tweet) 
Pumping the Brakes as Stock Dragged Lower Mid-Session: Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ ... 
Global Genetic Testing Market Outlook 2022 
Shooting From the Hip, Stock Reaches Most Volatile List: Tandem Diabetes Care, Inc. (NASDAQ ... 
California announces voluntary lead testing in schools 
Treasury Project Analyst - Capital Stress Testing 
 vainglorystatus Google app store also not allowing to download......
'The Big Bang Theory' season 10 episode 13 spoilers: Leonard and Penny deal with marital issues ...: Sheldon (Jim… 
Grimer available until 07:52:10pm (57m 17s). Poison Jab / Sludge (40.00% - 1/9/8) 
Oh Pretty Woman The Legend Himself The Big O
The Guardian: Bregrets? I’ve found very few. Polls show remainers are getting over it. 
O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me. 
Psalm 25:2. 

 WGNNews IL Police Protect DAPL using repressive tactics, activists demand accountability for use of IL resources 
 striminal  AntMan_TM there's early register or somethin happenin for google play tomorrow
Dratini has appeared in ClearLake! Despawn:07:24:44pm(29m 46s)IV:33.33% (0/2/13) Moves:Dragon Breath, Wrap 
Google chill I just like the song 
 sandycann2 they try to put everyone on clozapine irrespective of their mental state at the National Psychosis Unit 
Someone has placed a lure on a Pokestop! Lure will expire at 04:24:05pm.  UBC 
Snorlax available until 07:24:11pm (29m 25s). Zen Headbutt / Earthquake (64.44% - 13/4/12) 
Jamie Oliver: Trump Should Keep Michelle Obama Vegetable Garden | Davos 2017 
If you do not know how economics works, you can look up "how does economics works for dummies" on google and YouTube. There is a run down
Some Major Changes Are Being Made To 'The Walking Dead' 
Checkout and  subscribe to the top story Google acquires Fabric developer platf… see more 
How Amazon, Google, and Facebook Will Bring Down Telcos 
SMART to offer free route service to veterans 
1/18/2017 6:53 PM: HAZARD IN HIGH TRAFFIC AREA at NEWSPRINT RD AND  DOUG BoeingRNARD PKWY 
Iowa veterans remind legislators to focus on necessary benefits 
You can pay google to push up the search results.  b_ofrights  JBE_Zorg_  rslnrdnk  kittenninja42  RobKeeganWalker  POLITICOMag
1/18/2017 6:48 PM: HAZARD IN HIGH TRAFFIC AREA at WHEELER RD AND  ROBERT C DANIEL JR PKWY 
THV11, Snell Laboratory team up to raise  3000 for AR Veterans 
But Northern California is a whole different story 
Good news for mobile developers... 
PRCC designated as military friendly school 
The latest The Independent Daily!  google
 JenBriney plan 2 make Israel imperial power in M.E. by destabilizing & changing muslim state borders. Google it! It's a clue!
 sammystopit IDK GoogleE IT YOU RAT
 erinstan here's a full report and the actual video. As if I needed another reason not to see this movie.
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google) … 
57% Dratini
11/3/12
Exp:07:50:12pm
Midtown,10104 
Try Subscribers for Youtube!  Get 1000+ REAL Subscribers for your YouTube channels! Google Play:… 
 PWAPN | Dewey <b>Public Works</b> Authority: The Dewey Public Works Authority met after… 
_NewsTechnology: Increase your website visitors AUTOMATICALLY  serp  OnlineMarketing Google's newly spun-out self …
 PWAPN | Beatrice Board of <b>Public Works</b> Recommending Power Contract Extension, With… 
 UckfayRumptay  Th3RightIsWrong  katmancon  realDonaldTrump 
John, where the hell have you been? Google it.
 PWAPN | Topeka <b>public works</b> seeks more funding for street maintenance: Topeka… 
Working with our partners on our Google Slide presentation for War With Grandpa. 
 PWAPN | Sanders, Leahy Come Down Hard On EPA Nominee Scott Pruitt: During the Senate… 
 PWAPN | In break with Donald Trump, EPA pick says climate change isn't hoax: At the… 
 Irish_Learner Hi. Tá mé ag foghlaim Gaeilge. I'd be interested in joining your group on Google Hangouts. You will find me under Ian Heaton.
When u put all ur trust in google maps to get u home. Here's hoping the n89 gets me home xx
 Peters_smiths how can you be a race science devotee if you can't even google words properly. Sad!
don't Google urself. the worldwide web can't find a single photo of me but can find all my old XC race times... which is definitely worse
Ninetales 80% (10/13/13) ember fast/heat wave) till 16:10:58 (16m 24s) 
 ProfKMorrell  IsolatedBrit And more of them turned out 
Fiona Apple and composer Michael Whalen share “Tiny Hands” chant for Women’s March on Washington — listen  
Does defunding Planned Parenthood really threaten women's health? via  skinnergj
 Use of computeDistanceBetween gives error : '"cannot resolve 'google'"
 Tech  News  HowTo

Fired IT Staffer Offered to Unlock Google Account — for  200K 
Can one have 2 channels on youtube under the same google account? Or would I need to get another gmail? 

Dá pra... 
 cocoadelica well Google VS Twitter is it any different?
Check out new game - Guess the child footballer! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
Fabric joining Google Firebase! Looking forward!  fabric  firebase  google 
Tuiguang123 English Online Marketing Co. Ltd Presents High-End English SEO Services To All ...  seo
 TaylorLorenz it was gone but I was a resourceful kid and used the google: 
Hypnotherapy, Psychic, Tarot, Reiki, Lomi Lomi 
Zeiterion celebrates dance with two events 
Google explains how Android detects malware before it gets out of hand 
 CarlosKillface do U know what valid proof is? Like something from Qaran  a Hadith a strong Hadith not guru Google
Credit Card Industry to See New Regulations and Higher Interest Rates in 2017  iot
8 Great Matt Cutts SEO Quotes <--- Read    SEO  Keywords  UI  UX  Content  SEM  Google  Bing 
Google Pixel XL International Giveaway  androidauth  giveaway
Don't Want to Get Sick? Now There's a Fitbit® App for That - achu™!  iot
Didn't get to talk to someone who works in Google but oh wellz in the end I earn more ha
IoT's Growing Pains Put Devices at Risk for Ransomware  iot
Researchers prove that smartwatches know you're sick even before you do  iot
The astounding irony of Trump being elected in the warmest year on record - Washington Post  Science  News  Today 
*Hears Trumps new slogan: Keep America Great*

Me: Where have I heard that before?

*Quick Google search* 
 Abra despawn 01:23:10 (28m 52s). 82.22%. A/D/S: 12/14/11. Zen Headbutt, Psyshock. 
Google Bill MUFON MAN Schroeder for more info 
Trump's EPA Nominee Struggles To Defend Oily Environmental And Ethics Records. 
Meeting with Karren Brady: Resolving stadium issues - 
Aleppo ‘haunted by violence and death’ 
Brady supporter meeting update - 
Dragons in the Department of Corrections - Waypoint 
javascript:; 【from Next Browser】 
Three arrests after Fulham takeaway killing 
Alibaba Steps Up Efforts to Fight Fake Goods  Facebook  android  app go to 
bing translate sucks the heck i went back and forth on google and it was right 
Interesting article/thoughts from Don Norman: What Apple, Google, and Tesla get wrong by  ctrlzee via  FastCoDesign
//Sexual assault

This is disgusting and such a double standard. 


Canon granted 3rd most patents in 2016, more than Google, Intel, Microsoft and Apple 
Australian Open 2017: Dan Evans hopes to move on from 'dark times' 
NBCNews: Fired IT employee offered to help unlock school's Google account for  200K 
Updated my persona doc (again)!


WHO DFISLIKED THE VIDEO I MADE OF GoogleE TRANSLATE SINGINF TO RLILLA GO 
The best phone you can't find 
 minugys make a gif of a fake skype call + google a depressing caption. also a theme +edit ur pictures make sure th… 
300 bps speech codec, almost legible, without cheating with a 16 GB codebook 
i havent submitted my baby pic to yearbook but i kinda dont want to bc im kinda hoping they google "asian baby" & use that in my place lol
Google bought Fabric. No action required for app developers.
Snorlax available until 07:23:53pm (29m 53s). Zen Headbutt / Earthquake (35.56% - 11/2/3) 
News: Gun Owners Gain Powerful Ally in Suicide Prevention Groups hope urgent new outreach saves lives - LifeZette …
Nintendo's 'Fire Emblem Heroes' arrives on Android next month 
◦ Google: Painting helps Swain County artist heal - Smoky Mountain News: Painting helps Swain County artist heal… 
Google could bring supercheap Android One phones to the US 
News: Speaker shares powerful suicide story in Ridgewood -  TrutherBot  Bot
South Korea won't arrest Samsung heir on bribery charges 
Rapidash 36% (0/13/3) low kick fast/heat wave) till 16:20:56 (26m 51s) 
The raid of gotcha questions ensued throughout hearing for  BetsyDeVos   secretaryofeducation  devos  schoolchoice 
'How gaining weight changed my life' 
Take Uber on Thursday and get free (and really good) fitness stuff 
How Your Smartphone Ruins Your Workout 
Commission mulls allowing medical marijuana businesses in Adrian 
[London] Vaporeon (IV: 35%) until 12:22:59AM at 101 Sixth Ave 
Growlithe is available until 07:23:20pm (28m 47s). 
SilverSneakers offers local fitness options 
Porygon (IV: 48%) until 04:22:36PM at 300-348 Misty Isle Ln 
Interesting article, but the fact that Spotify pay 69%+ of their revenue is a misleading statistic: 
Downloaded my Vines. Uploaded to Google Photos. They made a movie out of them. Like watching Pink Floyd's The Wall  
Insider Intelligence: Be Ready for Blockchain 
Google Killing Off Google+ on January 24th, But it Won’t Be Gone For Good - Search Engine Journal  socialmedia
Image: My Angel, My Friend 
If it's 67 degrees or warmer   in NYC, I could win up to  100,000! 
Decided to check Google Analytics today. I guess someone in Russia built a bot, set the browser language to the fol… 
Chansey 40% (3/3/12) zen headbutt fast/psychic) till 
I liked a  YouTube video from  akidearest What Happens If You Google Translate Anime Subtitles?
I Just Earned ₹ 5 Paytm Cash From NewsWallet, Download NewsWallet App and use my referral code 3VNAAG
Trump Budget Nominee Did Not Pay Taxes for Employee. Trump =fraud if you brake the law come and work for Trump  
I'm normally against the death penalty but student loan companies bring out my baser instincts 
Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google 
Does Google store Analytics IP logs even if website owner deletes them? Asking for a 🔒ed account.
Maybe we can get some google ads up on our bandcamp pages, eh
President Barack Obama Says The Press Is Needed For Democracy To Work. 
 ochocinco  sambrownjr77  rolinthrudahood  BOTHETRAINER Check out our podcast iTunes: Droid… 
 backlon  chriswelch Is this a  google problem or is this an  HTC problem though?
Westend Onix 24m 46s 33.33 10 4 1 Rock Throw Stone Edge 
I suppose that getting bought by Google was the best option for  fabric. Firebase+Fabric seems like good match.
Boycott Jan 27th CBS movie 
A Dog's Purpose

 Things4WhitePpl  take pictures of coffee and post meaningless quotes they looked up on google
So glad to see Musuems killing it with AR "Explore museums in a new way with Tango"  vr  ar
 FBI  CIA  Upwork I sent this to Feldman and recovered from Google Vaults from mail server. I was hacked, this was… 
Vote here! 
 Omanyte despawn 01:22:49 (29m 7s). 82.22%. A/D/S: 15/13/9. Water Gun, Rock Tomb. 
 tasomaniac  Mauin  TwitterEng  fabric the whole thing is mostly free for users, but costs   to run. twttr focusing… 
Twitter Reacts to Donald Trump Writing His Inaugural Address - Just Jared ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ⏳℅  web 
Google Maps will soon get you where you need to go, then help you park  SmartNews
New Chromecast on Ebay Google Chromecast Ultra Premium TV Streaming Device - 4K HDR Capabl… 
New Chromecast on Ebay Google Chromecast Ultra 4K- Black (GA3A00403A14) 
From 3D-printed cake toppers to camera drones, weddings are becoming high tech  downloader  androidapps
Everyone is falling for this scarily effective Gmail scam 
Everyone Is Falling For This Frighteningly Effective Gmail Scam - Fortune 
New Chromecast on Ebay Google Chromecast Digital HD Media Streamer 
Image: Timothy Patrick Clark (December 31, 1991 - July 13, 2007) - Online ... 
It's official, Super Mario Run will arrive in March for Android users. And you can pre-register here… 
I Just Earned ₹ 10 Paytm Cash From NewsWallet, Download NewsWallet App and use my referral code 8FZV9X
 DeadlineDayLive get your facts right seriously man, dude is opening talk with the Federation. Damn use google translate if u need to.
Mitch Buchannon and CJ Parker Baywatch Pop! Vinyl figures unveiled  vinyl  news  vinylnews
Someone has placed a lure on a Pokestop! Lure will expire at 04:23:21pm.  UBC 
the resource doc I made after the election has only gotten better with your help. feel free to share and add to it: 
Top 10: NVIDIA SHIELD Android TV Apps – January 2017 
Foreign Exchange Market Commentary - Action Forex  V ☄  vrai777  Global  FOREX  BreakingNews ☛  BNews 
'Google explains how Android detects malware before it gets out of hand' 
I'm now an E-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
Google details how its 'Verify Apps' feature has identified over 25k potentially dangerous apps 
Loonie rises in unsettled currency market - Waterloo Chronicle  V ☄  vrai777  Global  FOREX  BreakingNews ☛  BNews 
The  architects for Google's wholly-owned building in  London have been decided. 
 MariaChicaia AHAHA right like .. I always Google my bfs names, u neva know who they are. Delusional imo.
New Study Highlights Growing Risk, Lack of Urgency with Mobile and IoT Application Security 
I just received a reward: Economical  Androidgames  Android  Gameinsight
ECE technology expertise shared with support of NZTC  nztech
E-gaming loan included in  13 million government debt writeoff 
Golem 96% (14/14/15) rock throw fast/stone edge) till 16:00:16 (6m 53s) 
 AI: Distributed Trust Ecosystem key to autonomous driving future 
DownloadAtoZ - More Apps than Google Play - dSploit 
Catholic Bishops Are Urging Congress To Halt Obamacare Repeal. 
 AI: Houston's Freeways May Soon be a Testing Ground for Autonomous Vehicles 
A New Gmail Phishing Attack Is Faking The Login Screen  Android  news  Google  Smartphones 
 LetsGoMagic Magic Wands: Orlando Magic at New Orleans Pelicans  SportsRoadhouse
considering a job in substitute teaching
*google search: substitute chilling in nj*
Multiple agencies investigating if Russia paid hackers to undermine Clinton  downloader  androidapps
Google and Facebook gave more to Republicans than to Democrats: reports 
 Garlic bread recall offers a rare insight into supermarket house brands - 
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident repo… 
 OrlandoMagic Magic Wands: Orlando Magic at New Orleans Pelicans  SportsRoadhouse
 Packers Local leaders betting on Packers-Falcons game  SportsRoadhouse
 Packers Governors bet on Packers, Falcons game  SportsRoadhouse
 Xbox  VideoGames Microsoft Xbox One Fallout 4 Bundle 1 TB Black Console W/ 2 Extra Games  Yahoo  Google
12 tips and tricks for Google's Daydream View - CNET  cnet  howto  breakingnews
Sumner Redstone's Ex-Companion Asks Court To Appoint Medical Experts To Examine Mogul 
. Twitter just sold its developer platform to  Google 
Sumner Redstone Ex Asks Court to Order Independent Medical Evaluation 
 Packers Ahman Green thought the Packers were 'dead in the water' at 4-6  SportsRoadhouse
Sumner Redstone's Ex-Girlfriend Asks Court to Assess His Health 
Twitter's Fabric joins Google
Sumner Redstone's ex-girlfriend wants his 'physical and mental capacity' evaluated by experts 
Be a  CCC Club Member -  Share Jan15/2017 - Share and be shared. »»» To JOIN, just share this post >>>To add… 
Quickbooks Number    QuickBooks NumbEr 
Let me start a list of stupid design and feature decisions and hope that someone from Google is watching (and care… 
Google BOLD summer internship 2017 
Is there way to make hangouts calls ring to a different app than your main line on your google pixel? 
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident… 
 Juliess31  fzaman93 really right now? Google news doesn't know.  snopes says he's an "I" 
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google) 
Magikarp 93% (14/13/15) splash fast/struggle) till 16:21:28 (28m 18s) 
Tap Into a Series of Updates on the Google+ Platform for  SocialNetworking:  GooglePlus |  GooglePlus  Tech  News
Google Maps has begun showing parking availability - 
Multiple agencies investigating if Russia paid hackers to undermine Clinton  Facebook  android  app go to 
Designer Rachel Comey Is Rallying the Fashion Industry for the Women's March on Washington  Fashion
Wal-Mart, General Motors reaffirm jobs long planned, Trump says thanks | Article [AMP] | Reuters 
India Sees Rise in Cybercrime  Financialinclusion
Envestnet | Yodlee Partners with Empire Startups to Support FinTech Communities 
White House: We Didn't Coordinate Flynn Call to Russian Ambassador 
Diagnosing deadly epidemics via  skinnergj
Like our Facebook page  Financialinclusion
 areardon  TheMaineTeacher - You would both be proud of me! I am using Google Hangouts for an online study group for the midterm.  shslatin
 NASAgangP_A_T can you tell me what you were saying though? Why should we care that we can google Melania nudes on Monday?
3 Ways to Ease the Pain of High Gas Prices in 2017 
Coal outlook brightens in 2017, but spread to gas looms: analyst 
Magic Submitter  Software - Dominate The Search Engines - - All On AutoPilot Top Of  Google 
Social Media and Fake News in the 2016 Election 
6617  soldiers
had given their lives to save humanity! 
National Gas Average Increases To Highest Price Since June, AAA Reports 
Amid Gas Price Spike, Mexican President's Approval Rating Drops To 12% 
This amazing picture was created using Ultimate Photo Mixer. Make your own .. 


Gas Price Increase Pushes Mexican President's Approval Rating to Record Low 
Lickitung 53% (13/3/8) zen headbutt fast/power whip) till 16:21:13 (28m 9s) 
Upstream Oil & Gas Services Market: China to Remain the Dominant Market Through 2021: Asia ... 
“12 Advanced  GoogleTricks That Will Change How You  Search” by  larrykim 
Nationwide Pump Prices Seeing Downward Trend 
Google acquires Fabric from Twitter...
 TWTR,  GOOG,  Google
[Pioneer] Arcanine (IV: 28%) until 08:22:34AM at 15 Benoi Rd 
[Sydney] Vaporeon (IV: 40%) until 11:20:01AM at 2A Macquarie St 
Chansey 38% (8/8/1) pound fast/dazzling gleam) till 15:59:42 (6m 40s) 
[Balwyn North] Hitmonlee (IV: 53%) until 11:19:22AM at 16 Lemon Rd 
[Downtown Core] Hitmonchan (IV: 82%) until 08:22:21AM at 328 North Bridge Rd 
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM Kmg Feat Middle - Purpcup 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

 MissMovies Here's a question: Why do you use Google Hangouts for your videos?
 riomarmccartney their messenger app with an AI assistant built in. 
So, you can't drag and drop files between Google Drive windows.
Don't forget to register for LEADStrong, Cabrini's Campus-wide Leadership Certificate program.  It's free and... 
Accident   I-75-85 NB EXPY NE / ANDREW YOUNG INTERNA BLVD NE 
Twitter Just Sold Its Developer Platform To Google - Slashdot 
Pictish Trail - Strange Sun - Riley Session 180117  NowPlaying  6music
best of edm 2013  EDM
Trying to help a parent with  googlechrome "Exit and Childlock" button is missing even though we set up supervision. Help  google
EDM is life  edm  edmlifestyle  edmlove  edmlife  rave  rolling  partytime  love  peace  freedom  EDM
 gooddaytoburybadnews Massive impact on access to education. EA considers ending free school transport  UNCRC Art28 
A couple of weather stories from across the globe that I wrote for this week's World Weatherwatch...  guardian 


Apparently Google doesn't care about spoilers. via /r/StarWars  starwars  tfa 
Top  Tracks - Young Fait: .

GoogleE... 
Onix available until 07:20:32pm (27m 45s). Rock Throw / Iron Head (53.33% - 7/5/12) 
Early  Tracimas orchids from the best team, the  localguides team. ❤   Google NYC 
 antguterres as  NextSG will you support  TheGirlAgenda and make girls and women a  1 priority? 
148441  soldiers
had given their lives to save humanity! 
Preparations!! 🎺 
Magmar (60.00%-7/13/7,Ember/Fire Blast) Until 16:21:20 (28m 33s) 
Webinar Replay-Lisa Louise Cooke & "Create a Free Google Earth Historic Map Collection for Your Research"… 
It Seems The Nintendo Switch Lacks Performance 
 Google's  149  Photo Editing  Software now  Free

The Nintendo Switch comes with a new online service — but it sounds terrible 
'Arms' Is My Favorite Nintendo Switch Game So Far, But It Will Cost  420 To Play It 
Nintendo confirms the Switch won't run Zelda: Breath of the Wild at 1080p 
Nintendo Switch vs Wii U: Zelda's resolution reveals big difference between the two 
Cushing's Disease: 5 Ways to Naturally Treat This Adrenal Condition - Dr. Axe  
[ARTICLE] How to add Google Web Fonts to your WordPress in an Optimized Way  WordPress… 
Do you think Google will add a visual showing what activity is connected to what like Xcode?  Android  AndroidDev
Stuff That Sucks: Nintendo Switch 
Exeggcute available until 07:01:19pm (8m 47s). Confusion / Seed Bomb (93.33% - 15/12/15) 
JOIN US FOR THE PARTY!!! It's the 100th episode of Here's Why, and we're… 
🆕Paid Content spreadsheet update.
 netflix just had earnings. So new subscriber count:
* 93.8M (+7M/this quarter)… 
How Cheap Internet Access Could Be SpaceX's Secret Weapon 
I just looked up my symptoms on google & apparently i have a seasonal affective disorder 😂🙄
Nintendo Switch Ain't for Mom and Pop—It's for Die-Hard Fans 
Slate must eat a whole lot of  pizzagate 
. 
Dracolosse 49% (0/14/8) dragon breath fast/dragon claw) till 01:16:02 (23m 26s) 
Nintendo Switch: 5 Questions We Still Need Answered About Virtual Console, Online Service … 
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  Wash My World  Eric Carter - Laurent Wolf  APPS Apple Google 
If you plan to attend the NYC Women's March Saturday, you have to show up at a certain hour according to the 1st... 
Reserve your spot to attend the  SOIN2017 live broadcast. Space is limited, RSVP today! 
Nintendo Switch's touchscreen looks toward the past, not the future 
Commission Procedure 


Game Scoop! 420: Can Nintendo Convince You to Switch? 
Dratini appeared! IV: 57.78% (10/7/9). Moves: Dragon Breath,Aqua Tail. At None None. 25m 50s left. 
Want to know how much power Switch has? Zelda runs at 900p, 30 fps 
Agents of SHIELD: Director Mace's secret revealed! 
Lickitung (IV: 37%) until 04:19:29PM at 3304 Taylor Ave 
 Grimmy_Coyote You're right!  O-O
And I verified this just by using google and it showed me of a pinup of Mr Peanutbutter's naked backside.
Nintendo Switch vs Nvidia Shield K1: the weigh-in 
Also I'd want my google play back because Spotify is limited as fuck. But I need a google acct. kinda touchy subject 😕
 thehill Has anyone read the Ghost writers story on him. Very eye opening! Google it.
 unboundedspace hmmm google pixel?
Silence is golden: How Google hunts Android  malware in the wild  
I'm looking for signups to host the release of my erotic novel "Allison In Wonderland"  MTWPromotions  ASMSG  IARTG
Google.
 tattoolady1969 eh so few  heard of them but if u google them...long insane story how a billionaires son, nick kroll + this "tig" set me up
Tweet with Us! Join Us !  PalmOilKills Daily changing Sheets ! 
Microsoft Warns Windows 7 Is Dangerous To Use 
Cubone 100% (15/15/15) rock smash fast/bulldoze) till 16:07:57 (15m 33s) 
In case you missed it - Google has officially killed off their link command 
Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones 
01/18 18:51 / 4705 Matt Dr, RA / Breathing Difficulty (6D2) / -NO- / 050H / MEDIC95
Indian Railways 'Smart Stations' on waiting list till 2019  SmartCities
Global Smart Infrastructure - A Smart Approach to Smart Cities in 2016  SmartCities
01/18 18:49 / 4628 Silverdene St, RA / Breathing Difficulty (6B9) / T19 / 051G / EMS64
Intelligent men and women are easily annoyed by people in general. 
CPT records Rs 96.4-cr operating profit  SmartCities
Millions Of People Aren’t Getting Enough Of This Vitamin. 
Yes - he's my uncle. 

Here's a statement I made months ago on TV:


 hot girls having sex with boys videos adult google videos 
Yes Bank in Association With T-Hub & Anthill Launched Business Accelerator Program 'Yes Fintech... via  DailySpinIO
Rhyhorn 100% (15/15/15) mud slap fast/stomp) till 16:02:25 (10m 5s) 
Google+ 
 AppFlyer  VincePagano calendar alert in Google,  I'm on it!
Traffic From Google Home App Considered Direct Traffic in Google Analytics - Search Engine Journal 
 GuntarsRacs Your poetry is often poignant, always delightful. Liels paldies from a non-Lat-I give thanks for google translate! ☀️☀️☀️
Patient engagement technology an innovative tool for healthcare IT providers illuminated by new ...  patientengage…
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports  Tech
I scored 137 in this IQ Test!
Try it out to see how smart you are!

Oculus Co-Founder Denies Wrongdoing In ZeniMax Court Case  oculusrift  VR
The lesser information people find about you in google, the better. 👍
Oculus' controversial founder Palmer Luckey emerges from shadows at ZeniMax trial  oculusrift  VR
Credit Card Industry to See New Regulations and Higher Interest Rates in 2017  Wearables  WearableTechnology
MARY MARY - Walking   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
still it seems that my accent is good, siri can understand me, google can too :333
The ZeniMax/Oculus lawsuit could have a huge impact on VR industry  oculusrift  VR
Don't Want to Get Sick? Now There's a Fitbit® App for That - achu™!  Wearables  WearableTechnology
Did Agents of SHIELD Make a Luke Cage Connection? 
Mark Zuckerberg says VR growth slower than expected  oculusrift  VR
The World's First Pro Gamer and the Multi-Billion-Dollar Opportunity of Esports  gamer
That Twitter And Google Merger Is Coming.
Rapidash available until 05:21:47pm (29m 43s). Low Kick / Fire Blast (82.22% - 12/11/14) 
Rawlings Gamer Inf Conv/Grill Basket Right Handed Baseball Glove  gamer
South Korean court dismisses arrest warrant for Samsung chief - The Indian Express 
Pocket Gamer Connects: STAY is a narrative adventure game with a bunch of delicious detail  gamer
Central Windsor Lickitung 9m 24s 55.56 12 11 2 Zen Headbutt Hyper Beam 
Snorlax available until 07:21:45pm (29m 43s). Lick / Body Slam (60.00% - 5/7/15) 
THERE is  EricBraverman he isn't teaching afterall he is going to be working with  google watch  GeorgWebb… 
btw if you're on android and didn't preregister for FE Heroes 
US army wants to fire swarm of weaponised drones from a missile  London  
I just completed Day 18 using  30DayPushUpChallenge App. 
 oceanAHS correct answer key up on Google classroom. Problem with the upload, it's now fixed! Happy studying😁
 Design and  UX Trends to Boost Conversions in 2017 [ INFOGRAPHIC] 
Automatic Alarm - E051 - Fondren Rd - Sharpview Dr - 17:47 - 
Obama designates two national monuments, outrages Republicans | Fox News  loveit  Chris_Meloni  sacca  LeoDiCaprio  
Enlightenment on Casanova's sexual preferences , bisexual not a surprise. Most are.  
[London] Blastoise (IV: 71%) until 12:21:37AM at 155 Brenchley Gardens 
Redirect Notice 
when people tweet questions that could have easily gone into a google search... 🤔
[Padstow] Porygon (IV: 6%) until 11:20:47AM at 110 Gow St 
Dratini 73% (6/14/13) 
dragon breath fast/wrap
till 18:11:35 (0s) 
 wbaltv11 analysis of Md lawmaker participation at inauguration  EubieBee  publicaffairsub 
This  Google SERP change could have big ramifications for  Automotive. 
2 Working Poor by  MusicNegrito  from The Last days of Oakland  bestsongs2016  bestsongs  bestmusic2016 
 google acquiring  fabric - hopefully it's for the better. Fabric is awesome!
 youngthug loaded

Google it!!! Command line promp

Dufus… 
Twitter sells its developer platform Fabric to Google via  ZDNet &  stephcondoncbs
So Fabric is being bought by Google? Twitter piece by piece? So long and thanks for all the fish!
 Google CNN I'm a technician I know how this works, your company has a great reputation but support for your main product sucks. ErinBurnett
Researchers prove that smartwatches know you're sick even before you do 
 Shiiuga the entire thing is at this link and Maxey was obv. playing Reina hence the extra cred  
Twitter's Fabric joins Google  Programming   submitted by   /u/sdesimonebcn[link]   [comments]
I earned 50 points by sharing my local knowledge on Google and I've got an official  LocalGuides badge to prove it. 
Geodude 100% (15/15/15) tackle fast/rock slide) till 
Get Money Maker to Make Money! Enter My Invite ID to Earn More:.
Exeggcute available until 07:20:20pm (28m 41s). Confusion / Psychic (95.56% - 15/15/13) 
 chaz1944 Santorum has whining since his name became a common word.


iRULU eXpro X1 7 Inch Quad Core Google Android 4.4 KitKat Tablet PC, 1024*600 Resolution, Wi-Fi,.. 
Ice Bears' Jake Flegel skates through Type 1 diabetes  diabetes 
TheOLD National Bancorp IN Buys Shares of 41316 Tandem Diabetes Care Inc. (TNDM)  diabetes 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Discover How Local Businesses Are Doubling Their Sales Using Google
Researchers prove that smartwatches know you’re sick even before you do 
There you have it! Segmentors are happier than integrators according to a Google research. Which are you and why? An…
GJC HuffPostCanada WELL YOU CAN GET A JOB IN BC BUT IT WONT PAY ENOUGH TO OWN A HOUSE!!google"CHINESE LAUNDERED MONEY IN CANADA!?" Hmm??
 MissBrassique Google is your friend! 🙄
 winteriscoming 
What Apple, Google, and Tesla get wrong by  ctrlzee via  FastCoDesign
Why Paul Ryan should be ashamed as a Catholic of endorsing Donald Trump 
 Buzz Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications via  globalbuzzlive 
 ShunoJaan Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications  Nrnhr 
 Breaking_News Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications via  Indilens 
 USA Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications  India 
 Modi Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications  India 
Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications 
Bailey Rich - From Nothing To Something  CBB 
Exeggutor available until 07:44:55pm (53m 23s). Confusion / Seed Bomb (53.33% - 0/15/9) 
 CanadaGreat  ScottMonty  MikeElgan this has been analyzed by linguists/experts to discern the nice and mean tweets.
 leagueoflegends One of the strangest Fire Emblem games being remade as Fire Emblem Echoes, coming to…  lol  riot
 leagueoflegends Fire Emblem Heroes brings the tactical RP&G series to Android on February 2 
Three practical ways Google Site Search offers a superior experience  webdevfeeds
Rhydon 51% (9/5/9) rock smash fast/megahorn) till 
We won't accept boardroom candidates for Nairobi governor, says Sonko's team 
More water rationing for Nairobi as dam level drops – Wamalwa 
Robbers shoot dead M-Pesa agent in city estate 
Where We Go From Here: A Women’s Town Hall & Reception on Livestream 
Weather bomb spreads after gusts hit 154kmh in Wellington -  
The Google Pixel Phone - Gospel Herald

Like us  edgylabsdotcom for daily news updates!
 pizzagate 
: Pardon Hillary Clinton. 
Get  0.05 for every download.  5.00 for every biz.  blackowned  BuyBlack  melanin 
NowPlaying : deeB - The Model 

 Android App 
 PeripouWebRadio
Remembering Eagles Guitarist Glenn Frey: Calling A Dodgers Game With Vin Scully - JamBase

JamBase

Remembering Ea… 
 mrgeefun  aliciamstory  TheWeirdTeacher 
Here is a Google form link you can copy and give to your kids.

Over 10,000,000 downloads.
 BigTruck on iPhone,
On android dev,

State's fishing fleet facing potentially 'disastrous' quota cuts for fluke 
 IWasInBowfinger  MarkusUSA  Yujto424  MattWalshBlog it's called Google broski. It some website that's kinda popula… 
 Carbanak Using  GoogleServices For  CommandAndControl -  Mike_Mimoso via  threatpost  phishing  infosec  malware
 Indilens Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications 
Seems I'm not the only one! 
Google Recommends No Longer Using the Link: Operator via  MattGSouthern,  sejournal
 BCSDTechTeam  bcsdschools Great opportunity from  googlestudents! Share this with any high school senior.  Google 
Google reveals how it flagged 25,000 Android apps for malware 
Tim Raines, Jeff Bagwell, Ivan Rodriguez elected to Baseball Hall of Fame - USA TODAY 
Obama calls voter fraud claims 'fake news' - Fox News 
How to hack itunes money jailbreak! "jailbreakiphone
Apple Silicone Case for iPhone 7 Plus Review "jailbreakiphone
Alachua farm grows first of county's medical cannabis  MedicalDagga
Google Developers Blog: Welcoming Fabric to Google 
Medical Marijuana Grower to Build Huge Plant at Canadian Airport  MedicalDagga
We Could Not Make This Up! Donald Trump's Reelection Slogan Is The One From The Purge! 
 Mi_chiamo_Rene oops wait Google tells me it was Nixon.
Obama calls voter fraud fears 'fake news' - via 
Teen shoots four, self at American school in northern Mexico - Yahoo News 
One year in, New Hampshire's medical marijuana program helps thousands  MedicalDagga
 Trump's DC hotel refuses to comment on press ban…… 
Snorlax 40% (9/5/4) zen headbutt fast/body slam) till 16:45:15 (54m ) 
Ask Google 
Antenna Technology Continues Fast Evolution 🗣 Opines on  IoT
 BenBerkon <---Still thinks  ObamaCare is the BEST the USA can do
 TheKeithAvila  ZoitsMcGoity 
 realAlexaPark  JordanUhl  realDonaldTrump Google it.  If there was a shred of truth, CNN would be blasting it all day everyday.
Search operations no bar under PMGKY - Times of India  wnn7 
How the  Google Tax grew . . . and grew - The  Australian Financial Review : 
 2 Ivysaur (Razor Leaf/Sludge Bomb 11/6/13 - 66.67%) 760 Greenhill Ave L8K 6G4, 06:55:49pm (4m 44s left) 
Twitter users parody photo of Trump writing his own inaugural speech 
Lithuanian Politicians Push for Defense Spending Hike Over NATO ... - Newsweek 
Walkerville Dratini 29m 32s 37.78 12 3 2 Dragon Breath Wrap 
Google Buys Fabric App Developer Tool From Twitter 
Researchers prove that smartwatches know you're sick even before you do  Wearables  Smartwatch
An app to teach your children to read.
Free_Teach your children to read
Also in GAMESdrop:… 
YouTube Reveals Top 20 Super Bowl Ads From 2008-16  Google
 amazon so angry w you 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 also had to use google translate to understand what ur customer service employee was saying 😡
Report: Fulham, Rotherham United and Peterborough United in battle for Roarie Deacon (Google  AFCW)
Arcanine 91% (12/15/14) fire fang fast/fire blast) till 16:18:41 (27m 34s) 
need help migrating my old site into new google site platform. Here is my old site  MTBoS  iledchat
Non League Sutton United and Lincoln City through to FA Cup 4th round (Google  AFCW)
Breaking down carbon tax: how will it affect Stettler and area residents 
Thank you  mmatp for a great session on Google Bootcamp today at  ATIA17
Sutton United manager Paul Doswell fancies side's chances against Leeds United after setting up ... (Google  AFCW)
💥Announcing!💥
UNION Presents!
2.12.17
🌹Gavlyn
🌹Sahtyre
🌹Blimes Brixton
🌹King Klio
🌹Butterscotch
🌹DJ Dubplates
tix  … 
Consumers brace for higher gas prices in 2017 
Govt says  1.77 billion FDI equity came into Indian renewable sector between Apr 14 to Sep 16  energy
Google "young Orlando Bloom" and tell me you didn't convulse
Thriving kelp forests impress 
FA Cup: Allardyce's Palace wins; 2 non-league teams through (Google  AFCW)
[Burwood] Dragonite (IV: 42%) until 11:19:57AM at 42 Gillard St 
BuzzFeed News: India Is Considering Giving Apple A 15-Year Exemption On Customs Duty "With An Open Mind" 
Tuiguang123 English Online Marketing Co. Ltd Presents High-End English SEO Services To All ... 
Porygon (IV: 55%) until 04:08:46PM at 3540 S Decatur Blvd 
You can find  StephanieGmusic music on
Google  
Amazon  
  Itunes 
 Apparel News - Saipan Apparel, Ol'Aces near finals 
Google Chromecast Ultra 
 SharonHuxford "barbardian" like that dont even sound right. they shoulda double checked w/ google 😬
Accident   PHARR RD NE / PIEDMONT RD NE 
 USA   Google - - Surfing takes a great deal of practice - Practice makes perfect!

 
 blamewayzz2k17 can you,, google pls
 ECOSOCpbc the startup names are there google them  ...
Onix available until 07:20:29pm (29m 43s). Rock Throw / Rock Slide (53.33% - 8/12/4) 
Tesla Motors, Inc. Will Produce Its Model 3 Drive Unit at Its Gigafactory 
01/18 18:49 / 4628 Silverdene St, RA / Breathing Diff (FBD) / T19 / 051G / RFE27
Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. 
Scyther 42% (3/5/11) 
fury cutter fast/bug buzz
till 18:19:21 (0s) 
Google Plus not dying rolling out updates 
 sexcmichonne omg really? 💀💀 DJDJD google her 🏃‍♀️
I just received a reward: Tidy Up the Warehouse  Gameinsight  Androidgames  Android
Google explains how Android detects malware before it gets out of hand  android
Responding to MVA near E Belmont Ave & N Abby St in Fresno

Fabric joining Google - strange times
Smite adds Doge skin for god via /r/ dogecoin 
Google app now saves offline searches and delivers results when connection is reestablished 
Central Division responding to '20 - Robbery' at 1900 blk N Prairie Ave | Beat 146 | | 17:47
VAULT | 20Jan16: Google URL Submission tool Q&A:  DSQLive  SEO
Nintendo's next big smartphone game is coming to Android first, iPhone later 
 Apparel News - Swiss National Bank Cuts Stake in G-III Apparel Group, LTD. (GIII) 
Nintendo Announces Fire Emblem Games for Mobile, Nintendo Switch, Nintendo 3DS 
New Core 'Fire Emblem' Games Coming To 3DS, Mobile And Nintendo Switch 
A wild Rhyhorn has appeared! Available until 02:20:22 (29m 45s). 
えええーっ / “The Firebase Blog: Welcoming Fabric to Google” 
DeVos' Power To Do Nothing - via 
 rydhprobetting1 Just tried to sign up again but still not working on Google Play. Any more news yet? 🙂
I just found my brother on google!!!
Second winner of environmental prize killed months after Berta Cáceres death 
The Great British cake plan is no more – that's what Brussels heard May say 
Dewgong 56% (10/8/7) 
ice shard fast/aqua jet
till 17:56:16 (0s) 
Google and Spoken Queries: Understanding Stressed Pronouns ^RH
Tauros 96% (13/15/15) tackle fast/iron head) till 16:19:51 (29m 21s) 
So Google buys Fabric. Along with the current firebase, that's now the most compelling set of tools for mobile devs! 
This Grandma Had The Most Epic Burn For Trump 
We're Out: Black Americans Leaving the Country Before Trump Takes Office - NBC News 😂 take celebrities with you! 
1934 Ford Pickup – Rod & Custom Magazine: google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1837596250745322… 
 53 Persian (Scratch/Night Slash 7/7/14 - 62.22%) 76 Greyfriar Dr L9C 4S2, 07:15:01pm (24m 38s left) 
Salmon industry workers to have their say 
Farm succession to care for generations past and future 
Our  aoptech elem webinar begins in just over 10 mins! Looking frwd to  gcarboni presenting on Google Classroom  aoptech  edtech  gsuite
My farming week: Michael Kennedy, Tuam, Co Galway 
Sammy Davis Jr.’s Estate Gives Long-Gestating Biopic the Green Light 
Sustainable farming consultants acquired by food verification firm 
The  PresidentialPaycheck - Where  Obama and previous Presidents Gets their  Money 
Revisiting the Antarctica Trip 
Pokemon Leaf Green Nuzlocke: Part 30 - "Google It": via  YouTube
Why doesn't google have artificial intelligence?
Brand New Google Pixel 32gb UNLOCKED 5" 12.3MP- Very Silver ON SALE! FREE SHIP! 
The model sexyts1225 is now live! En vivo por  Ts  Tranny  Shemale 
 Apparel News - Patagonia, NIKE Got a Major Shoutout in Davos 
 breaking_news  Indilen  Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications via  India via  Indilens 
The complete list of Google Home commands so far 
Brexit Fears: How Will it Affect the Arts and Fashion Industries? - Newsweek

Newsweek

Brexit Fears: How Will it … 
 DieJamesMalcolm u cn go nd check his signatures,then google him..Thats it
PBoeing stats, live play by play and game recaps? Download the PBoeing App! Available on Google Play and App Store.… 
Turn Google into the best thesaurus ever. Learn how    TightWriting Master Class w  AnnWylie on 4/6-7 in D.C.

Dratini 69% (6/14/11) 
dragon breath fast/wrap

 WeLoveLA  Angels Los Angeles Angels Sign Kole Calhoun to Three-Year Extension  SportsRoadhouse
China installed 34 GW of solar in 2016 (US installed 9 GW).… 
Yay  Twitter... I think 🤔
 WeLoveLA  Angels Angels and Kole Calhoun agree on three-year contract extension  SportsRoadhouse
 WeLoveLA  Angels Angels agree to three-year extension with OF Kole Calhoun  SportsRoadhouse
Cloyster available until 07:18:49pm (28m 42s). Ice Shard / Icy Wind (17.78% - 6/2/0) 
Vote for  port_cities "Back To The Bottom" on the Radio2 Top 20 here:  
 USFBulls Bulls Move Up to No. 24 in National Rankings  SportsRoadhouse
 USF Bulls Move Up to No. 24 in National Rankings  SportsRoadhouse
Google App for Android gets a refresh with new shortcuts to frequently used features 
 MKBHD any reason Spotify over Google Music?
Looking for an affordable alternative to  Google Adwords? Go to 
Cloyster available until 07:19:58pm (29m 53s). Frost Breath / Blizzard (73.33% - 15/6/12) 
Also this shit really on happens in the mid west like what is going on lmao GoogleE IMAGE SEARCH PEOPLE CMON
Getting Started with Android Things - Google’s new IoT platform 
7 Highly Productive Google Apps For Education |  fpslearn  GSuiteEdu
 Soccer  Highlight Reel: Top soccer performances last week  SportsRoadhouse
"How Google Tracks You" 
 Soccer  Notre Dame soccer owes birth to Mansfielder  SportsRoadhouse
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports  biz  tech  fintech …
 LAA  Angels Los Angeles Angels Sign Kole Calhoun to Three-Year Extension  SportsRoadhouse
Download Sorabanime for Android App here. 
No decision yet in Tonga's extradition bid of Fletcher - Radio New Zealand 
 LAA  Angels Angels and Kole Calhoun agree on three-year contract extension  SportsRoadhouse
 Soccer  Could better eye training help reduce concussion in women's soccer? University of…  SportsRoadhouse
 NowPlaying Shawn Mendes - Treat You Better on  RadioITB86 Link: 
 LAA  Angels Angels agree to three-year extension with OF Kole Calhoun  SportsRoadhouse
NYPD Arrests Construction Workers Protesting for Safety Regulations to Protect Them 
How your  startup should be using  Google  AdWords via  sengineland [ ppc  SEM  marketing  businesssuccess]
The 5 Stages Startups Must Go Through to Make That First  1 Million   marketing strategy 
Mankey 100% (15/15/15) karate chop fast/low sweep) till 16:03:24 (13m 16s) 
Check it out at   gaming  smartphone  appgame  gamedev 
 mKc_9 you made me Google it
Come join me in an epic adventure. Invite ID: 2742153358 AppStore：Google Play： DarkSummoner
[Ashwood] Hitmonchan (IV: 31%) until 11:19:32AM at 45 Closter Ave 
[Collaroy] Jolteon (IV: 46%) until 11:19:23AM at 10 Graylind Cl 
[Black Rock] Hitmonlee (IV: 33%) until 11:19:20AM at 216-218 Beach Rd 
(For real though, syncing Slack and Google Calendar is a blessing)
Interesting GRC industry news: Sex offender arrested for non-compliance, multiple charges - KALB News (press release)
Google Play and iOS apps demand surges in India and China - BBC News 
LISTEN: Costa would be a huge success in China - it would have been very hard for him to turn down ‘ludicrous’ off 
Android will now store Google searches offline and deliver them when you get a signal via  Verge
 Sala_Macemer I...found this at the beginning of google search of bunny sex toys- Ok.
Ugh. Man. This new thread view thing in  SlackHQ … I thought Google Wave had died a good death, but no. And theres no way to turn it off.
Vibes watch me boo..  google me gollow me  delitefulstar   delitefulstar 
Obama cites daughters as example for how to react to election outcome.  p2  TheResitance  UniteBlue  USLatino
 ssegraves  PhilDernerJr  WandrMe  it has been a while since I’ve tried Google Photos, but last time I tried the “full res” option was not.
 muziek Suggestie : Soundcloud , Hype music, Mixcloud, Audio mack, en Sleeve. Dank u. 
should i ask this girl who looks like my friend on what to do or will she give me bad advice
[Tampines] Hitmonchan (IV: 48%) until 08:18:25AM at  ECP  pokemongonews
La Jolla: Dragonair (66.67%IV 11/9/10 Dragon Breath/Dragon Pulse). TTH: 04:14:31pm. 
 Dataviz of  google searches for food shows trends in  cooking &  cuisine around the world: 
 FoodLover 
Sharon Van Etten, Julia Holter, Marissa Nadler, Laurel Halo on Comp of Unreleased Karen Dalton Songs • Pitchfork… 
[Queenstown] Porygon (IV: 37%) until 08:14:53AM at 1.30299482, 103.78309504  pokemongonews
Paul McCartney, in His Never-ending Battle for the Rights to Beatles Songs, Is Suing Sony 
Kabuto available until 07:19:23pm (29m 37s). Mud Shot / Ancient Power (73.33% - 5/13/15) 
[Changi] Snorlax (IV: 40%) until 08:12:25AM at  W Perimeter Rd  pokemongonews
[Jurong East] Exeggutor (IV: 73%) until 08:12:48AM at 17A Pandan Rd  pokemongonews
[Tampines] Lickitung (IV: 33%) until 08:11:44AM at 21 Tampines North Drive 2  pokemongone…
 POTUS voter fraud fake news? Trying reading..  duffus  seansmithlifematters 
[Boon Lay] Snorlax (IV: 28%) until 08:08:13AM at 26 Tanjong Kling Rd  pokemongonews
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports 
 YouTube is testing in-app messaging to take on  Facebook 
Great story 
 
EXPECT  MARIJUANA FLAT TAX -- To guarantee consistent state tax revenue from  cannabis sales  Alaska  50 per OZ

 Shea7703 just search anime on netflix then look up age requirements on it on google
I don't know let me google it. 
Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 
 XorillaTV  OMGOhzilez  Banks  hernameisbanks  YouTube I think he means since google made google+ because before YouTube was its own thing.
The man who revolutionized Google’s hiring is joining a handyman startup


Google’s  20 Project Fi referral program has been extended ‘indefinitely’ - 
 RADIO  70s  juice Now Playing  Gotta Go Home  Boney M  APPS Apple Google 
10 Greatest Womanizers in History, who would of known Fidel Castro and more. 
Smartphones should have a “Google this Phone Number” button when you get an unknown caller.
 ZachZaidman - Bears should invite Tulsa QB Evans Miami Beach Bowl MVP TO CAMP - google and look at highlights !
 BenBerkon <---Ben would never wish a Republican "get better soon" 
Quick Settings; Twilight and Night mode: I can't find any settings for these 2 quick settings options. What do they… 
I liked a  YouTube video My Google Drive Tour!!
Unified Remote Full on sale for 10p on Google Play  Android 
If you like  vampire stories, let's say with a difference, read this review and see what you think:  comedy  IARTG
Dratini appeared! IV: 57.78% (11/10/5). Moves: Dragon Breath,Aqua Tail. At 1140 Celebrity Cir. 30m 22s left. 
Leonard David: " Mars: Our Future on the Red Planet" | Talks at Google 
Dragonair available until 07:18:44pm (29m 23s). Dragon Breath / Dragon Pulse (73.33% - 11/12/10) 
Please don't google me
Google Maps For Web Now Has Notifications  Indilens  India  technology
01/18 18:48 / 4705 Matt Dr, RA / Breathing Difficulty (6B9) / T18 / 050H / EMS66
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google): 
You may need to explain what purveyor means, doubt he's smart enough to know without google. 
Job Application: 
 KSLcom  slcmayor  I'd also like to see solar panels in our desert w/ graphene lines prevent bleed off. Mat Sci ftw

Google is buying fabric.io from Twitter. Not surprised Google want it but more interesting that Twitter seems to be refocusing
This was inevitable and predictable given their successful story -  fabric is joining  Google. Read more here: 
Breaking: Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its...  icymi  socialmedia  trending 
 Fixallman58  PikeElizabeth  IvankaTrump what exactly is a lie?? can u google
Meet China's Sharp Sword,a stealth drone that can likely carry 2 tons of bombs  London  
Check out the photos from our today's meeting.

Hottest Restaurants in Atlanta. 
 Setting4Success Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google)  News  smallbu…
 williedills coming from someone who has some major health problems... DON'T GoogleE CRAP... WebMD will convince you that you died yesterday
So basically I just made a google account, and I subscribed to Brennen, Liked his new vlog and turned notifs on 😛… 
jamaica: You Can Now Vacation in Princess Margaret's Legendary Caribbean Party Villa 
jamaica: Rupee Has Been Signed to International Label, ULTRA Music, Signaling Major Possibilities for Soca 
 MacInnisN maybe take the suggestion you offerered me and google bud
I scored 0 on  trampolineman. My best is 43! iOS - Android - 
01/18 18:48 / 4705 Matt Dr, RA / Breathing Diff (FBD) / T18 / 050H / RFE19
Injury Crash

Location: I 95 SB & DELAWARE AV OVERPASS

Map Link: 
Virtual Reality Headsets To Allow Tennis Fans To Watch Matches In Real-Time  vr  virtualreality
I Experienced "Virtually Real" 3D-Printed Art, Made in Virtual Reality  vr  virtualreality
Virtual reality teaches students about distracted driving  vr  virtualreality
Hey y'all! Here are the lyrics for tonight! 
I've received the email that says "Fabric is joining Google."
Crash Citation & Sesame    1 veh       fcsotraffic   
Google is buying most of Twitter’s developer products, including Crashlytics - 
Snorlax available until 07:18:38pm (29m 33s). Zen Headbutt / Hyper Beam (53.33% - 10/10/4) 
i'm gonna stream some ark for a bit, get started on a new island, some new mods etc, come say hi :)  JasonPlaysPKMN 
Google 666
To be a success, a thousand things must go right. To be a failure, it only takes one thing to go wrong. 
As Trump Inauguration Approaches, Calls to Canadian Muslim Helplines Spike Beyond Capacity - NBC News 
Southeast Supervisor responding to '40/01 - Other' at Elam Rd / Ezekial Ave | Beat 331 | | 17:45
[Docklands] Hitmonchan (IV: 35%) until 11:18:58AM at 2 Aquitania Way 
BuzzFeed's Latest Body Positive Photo Series Focuses On Plus Size Athletes who totally rock their sport 👏🏾… 
Google assistant is so much better than Siri lol wyd  Apple
[PEOPLE] Winner announced in Dhawa Cayo Santa Maria contest 
[Parramatta] Chansey (IV: 66%) until 11:18:10AM at 201 Victoria Rd 
See The Kiko Mizuhara x won i closed Collab From Google
Qatar- QA extends Travel Festival until midnight 
How anima assorted not.1 versus google modernistic 40 days - my underhand automation agency: ZhoU
[Alfords Point] Rhydon (IV: 68%) until 11:18:45AM at 2 Lemongum Pl 
8 Roswell Restaurant Week Reservations to Make Right Now. 
[Tampines] Hitmonchan (IV: 48%) until 08:18:25AM at  ECP 
 Google  Going straight with CNN on this maybe tonight. How do 4 phones vet wiped and then the 4th not get in there account again??  CNN
[Bondi Beach] Venusaur (IV: 46%) until 11:18:04AM at 48 Francis St 
4th GIS Forum at Warsaw University starts tomorrow. Excited for tomorrow's workshop!  GIS  4thGISForumUW  cannotwait 
Sassy Lady reached new skill level in exploring the picture "Polar station"! 
The Guardian: Hundreds of thousands of retired Britons in EU 'may be forced to return' 
If I can access my Google Play music on an Apple product, I should be able to access my purchased iTunes music on an Android
Being a personal assistant isn't just about diary management | Guardian Careers | 2013  callapa  Bedford  bedshour  
Ex-'Apprentice' contestant claiming groping, kissing by Trump sues him for defamation - via 
I never thought I would ever Google "Education Secretary Nominee and Grizzly Bears." Are you kidding me?
Watch  googledownunder video Google Earth: Saroo's Search to learn how  googleearth reunited a family after 25 years 
Congratulations to Valentina Ranaldi-Adams for the first issue of Stardust Haiku and to all the contributors.... 
4 awesome users just followed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
 DisposableHero by  DerekLuh 

Google play: 
** Kelly Skipper named Bills running backs coach - 
Charizard 40% (5/5/8) ember fast/fire blast) till 16:09:51 (21m 1s) 
Thinking about a Pixel 2: How to improve the best Android phone  androidcentral
I keep trying 2 use  Siri on my Mac but it's just so crap. How have google got their voice recognition so right &  apple gone so wrong?
Just connected with a google rep, Google offers an opportunity that provides a  51/hr wage with no prior degree. Age requirement is 21...
** Oakland Raiders QB Derek Carr Helps Find Missing Child - 
** Source: Raiders, OL coach Mike Tice agree on new deal - 
** Raiders LT Donald Penn, WR Amari Cooper to skip Pro Bowl with injury - 
January 18, 2017: 
Carry Tier 2  vocabulary into the home with a simple class  blog  TimRasinski1  ELA  CCSS 
** Emmanuel Sanders will replace WR Amari Cooper in Pro Bowl - 
** O-line coach Mike Tice gets new deal from the Raiders - 
Gimme gimme gimme via  androidauth
Snorlax 24% (0/7/4) 
lick fast/earthquake
till 16:03:12 (0s) 
** Broncos' Emmanuel Sanders to replace Raiders' Amari Cooper in Pro Bowl - 
Google and Uber alums created a doctor’s office that’s like an Apple Store meets ‘Westworld' via  sai  AI  Medicine
Google Maps will soon get you where you need to go, then help you park via  mashable
MUST HAVE SEO TOOL create UNIQUE articles in seconds!  SEO | SEO Tips Traffic From Google Home App Considered… 
Sample location on Google Maps: 
 RRRawlings Just remember, I wanted to google: bumblebee means "Hummel" in German & Now I agree with you… 
Snorlax available until 07:16:15pm (27m 40s). Zen Headbutt / Earthquake (51.11% - 7/11/5) 
OH fe:heroes is up for pre-reg on the google play store btw!!!
Video reveals five police shooting dead blind man  markgeragos  
 realDonaldTrump seems the Irish may have known about the "pee pee" tapes back in July 2016 😂


 MikeElgan <---Likes it when Republicans are hospitalized 
Looking for dedicated volunteers for the LEAP Conference! 
 Damage_13  SamuelMarcLowe  lostleonardo  RoryMaw Don't wait up for it: serial UK Govt incompetence. 
Let them know you'd like to engage using UFO CQ - get the communicator ap. Alien useful 
Is IoT the secret ingredient for tackling food waste? 
 Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly  Accident reports 
 143 Snorlax (Lick/Hyper Beam 10/9/3 - 48.89%) 36 Clydebank Pl L8E 4K2, 07:16:29pm (28m 1s left) 
Don't google Grizz-Wiz...  GrindCity  GnG 
Possible Next FTC Chairman Previously Called for Antitrust Investigation of Google - Breitbart 
Rhyhorn 96% (14/14/15) mud slap fast/bulldoze) till 16:14:02 (25m 32s) 
NowPlaying : Anitek - Harrison Crates (Tab & Anitek) 

 Android App 
 PeripouWebRadio
FIRST GoogleE DELETES A GOOD VERY IMPORTANT PART OF MY PAPER, CAN RETRIEVE IT AT ALL SO REPORT IT TO THEM, THEN I REWRITE IT BC THEY DON'T
Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  tech
Silence is golden: How Google hunts Android malware in the wild (The Register) 
 hobbsy_3  kath_brentford Cheers Hobbsy. Good to know you're obeying Google, our omniscient, omnipotent, overlord.
Exeggcute 93% (13/14/15) confusion fast/seed bomb) till 16:17:52 (29m 29s) 
Google is Doing A Terrible Job At Shipping Its Pixel Smartphones | |  EtsyShop 
Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones

Nintendo's next mobile game is also not coming to Android first   android  google
Already did
Can Tech Make Democracy Great Again? 
This is a wild story (and apparently he lived on  adamhunter92's hall in college?!) 
The Week in Restaurant Openings, Including La Puerta Verde in Ivy City. 
 scrowder quick search on google came up with this person... 
Wait! Didn't you blast  MittRomney for saying basically the same thing?  russia 
Seriously though, what the hell? I'm pretty sure my doctor and I have a better grasp on my treatment than your 20 minute google degree does.
"In a passing stat", you mean....


 Terrifying video shows car smash into woman pumping…… 
Lickitung 73% (12/8/13) lick fast/power whip) till 00:16:01 (27m 43s) 
Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team from Twitter via  techcrunch ~ always interesting.
Tissu - how many guns do you own  google 
 googledrive my google drive isn't loading & I have a paper to write that's due tomorrow fix it asap plz.
You Can Now Queue Google Searches When You’re Offline 
You Can Now Vacation in Princess Margaret's Legendary Caribbean Party Villa 
I love to self diagnose myself with all kinds of illnesses like I have stomach pains atm: Google & I agree I must have TSS/appendicitis/both
JAMAICA TV LIVE STREAM 
Porygon 86.67% (13/13/13/Zen Headbutt/Discharge) till 16:16:11 (27m 55s).

Rupee Has Been Signed to International Label, ULTRA Music, Signaling Major Possibilities for Soca 
Googke is not focused on money, they wknt to give users the best search results possible. (Google Webmasters)
 Darth_Mommie Mos Eisley, for it will be a hive of scum and villainy. 

Srsly, the stuff you google... yeeesh!
Proud to work woth 5 of the word's most  innovative  companies 2016!  biotech  pharma
[DOPE NEWZ] [Dope Report] Mpulse – “Wishful: Week 20 of 52. [THEdopeACADEMY
State to witness worst drought in 100 years: CM - Times of India: State to witness worst… 
 intern SD House to investigate lawmaker for sex with intern  internship
[DOPE NEWZ] [Dope Report] Jake_Papa Flip Travi  Scott & Kendrick Lamar’s… [THEdopeACADEMY
 intern SD Lawmaker Investigated For Reported Sexual Contact  internship
 intern State representative admits to having sex with interns  internship
How Finnish People Have Fun 
Create AUTOUPDATED Blogger blog here  SeoTricks  SocialMedia SEO: Google Rolls Out Mobile Popup Penalty
 31 Nidoqueen (Poison Jab/Earthquake 3/12/14 - 64.44%) 1070 Stone Church Rd E L8W 3L3, 07:14:01pm (25m 58s left) 
 intern Museo Art Academy seeks interns  internship
 intern KSFY Exclusive: Lawmaker breaks silence on relationships with interns  internship
Google as a Turkish national search engine 
 147 Dratini (Dragon Breath/Twister 0/8/8 - 35.56%) 291 Silverbirch Blvd L0R 1W0, 07:08:12pm (20m 11s left) 
Janet Yellen trumps Trump: US dollar rises on Federal Reserve chair's rate comments 
Australian stocks seen flat at open 
Personal Development 
Hope everyone has a great start to the new year! Try Junk Food Junction on the go! Available on the App Store, Goog… 
Need For Personality Development Essay 
Snorlax has appeared! Expected despawn:07:17:15pm(29m 10s) IV:26.67% (1/2/9) Moves:Zen Headbutt, Body Slam 
CBC Ep278 - Comic Book movies 2017 Preview by ComicBookCast 
News Releases 
New Disney Video Reveals Easter Eggs In Every Pixar Movie 
bitshares/bitshares-core forked from cryptonomex/graphene  decentralized
2017-01-18 17:38:53 | ALARM BURGLARY | MULBERRY LANDING, COUNTY | MULBERRY LN 
The GOP's Favorite Democrat Goes to Syria - via 
Fabric is joining Google (specifically the Firebase team)!
Super interesting for app developers!
Hope Twitter made… 
Dos and Don'ts for Using Google Trends in Content Marketing 
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM Terely - One Day 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

Transfer News: Man Utd want striker, Spurs man attracting bids, agent on huge Chelsea deal 
Dratini available until 07:17:52pm (29m 59s). Dragon Breath / Twister (75.56% - 11/13/10) 
Grimer available until 07:17:44pm (29m 52s). Mud Slap / Sludge Bomb (60.00% - 11/15/1) 
Arcanine available until 07:02:44pm (14m 54s). Bite / Bulldoze (57.78% - 7/9/10) 
New post on my blog: Google+ is getting comment filters, return of Events, and more; Classic UI going away... 
S. Dearborn Freshman, Ex-UFC Fighter Chris Lytle Team To End <b>Bullying</b>  ExpressHatred
 Sips_ I can't find that road on Google maps...
Road Hazard   I-20 EB EXPY SE / BOULEVARD SE 
Mexican student shoots teacher, classmates, then kills himself  ExpressHatred
Grimer available until 07:17:43pm (29m 57s). Poison Jab / Mud Bomb (55.56% - 15/5/5) 
Dragonair 67% (11/9/10) dragon breath fast/dragon pulse) till 00:14:31 (26m 40s) 
This is really good casting.  
JUNIORS: Vote for our color day name ASAP through this link 
Great house at a great price! Click below for more info..    augustacounty  realestate  va  homeforsale… 
'<b>Star Trek</b>: Discovery' delayed again; James Frain joins cast: In a statement, the service said, “Production… 
You can enjoy the another ending of the   LittleMermaid
iOS：Android：
Check out this trailer for TIME FOR A CHAMPION, slated for release in April 2017. This film is an inspirational... 
Scott Pruitt,  realDonaldTrump Pick to Head EPA, Questions Human Impact on Climate Change good 😊 gov.  data garbage  
I'm now an A-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
“Fabric Blog | Build. Understand. Grow.” 
 stan229 you are very cruel. :) that's more for architects imho... or google :)
Flareon 51% (13/6/4) ember fast/fire blast) till 16:00:56 (13m 17s) 
 RADIO  TOP40 Now Playing  Raging (2016)  Kygo - Kodaline  APPS Apple Google 
3 Startup Accelerators Net Almost 10 Percent of All US Series A Rounds 
 GJOH29  DodgerGirlinPA Not as bad as I thought -- only 10 hours per Google maps.
Trump and the nuclear codes. There is nothing  more dangerous than a sociopath and Trump is that 
In search of a new religion to survive President Trump -  Garrison Keillor, in his gentle way, is the best! 
Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team from Twitter via  techcrunch
 137 Porygon (Tackle/Signal Beam 4/12/6 - 48.89%) 1383 Upper James St L9B 1K2, 07:12:21pm (24m 49s left) 
Google's rules of machine learning  ML  machinelearning 
Facebook acquired Parse & later closed it. Google acquired Firebase & now Fabric..will likely be merged w/ Fbase. headache for fabric users?
2016 Officially Declared Hottest Year on Record via  skinnergj
Great phone if you can get it. Which you can't.  via  Verge
"George HW Bush, Barbara Bush both hospitalized" Pretty clear they don't want to attend Friday's debacle either... 
Google Nexus One review | giffgaff 
Primeape available until 07:16:43pm (29m 14s). Low Kick / Cross Chop (37.78% - 2/9/6) 
Charizard 62% (10/8/10) wing attack fast/fire blast) till 16:05:19 (17m 46s) 
Shellder Tackle/Water Pulse  80.00% (15/15/6)- Despawns   16:12:33 (24m 56s timer). Times may not be accurate 
Made this handout for ss to keep track of  alayma winners at viewing party. Feel free to use/share/remix!  alamw17
WATCH: The Only TV Anchor in America Willing to Tell the Truth About Pizzagate  blogger  ad  ios
3 Places to Try in Seattle This Weekend. 
CDK Global Declares Regular Quarterly Cash Dividend  digitalmarketing  marketing
 thiiira  niannelynn Anyone with some basic Google skills could have done that, Engeset.
 News "Prue Macsween weighs in on Muslim Australia Day billboard" 
 News "Detention of Innocent Muslims Is a Horror We Can't Forget" 
WAIT, THIS ISN'T GoogleE
Blastoise appeared! IV: 40.00% (14/0/4). Moves: Water Gun,Flash Cannon. At 2205-2215 Bayside Ave. 27m 53s left. 
The Best way to celebrate! 
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes accident reports 
Fiona Apple’s New Anti-Trump Song “Tiny Hands” Is the Perfect Women's March Chant. 
'The 'DJ Hero' and 'Guitar Hero Live' team is joining Ubisoft' via  Engadget 
Google has added a messaging service to the youtube app in canada and eventually worldwide. Pretty cool stuff. Now I can connect. Eating yum
 PledgeCents Awesome! Our Google Expedition kit arrived yesterday and I am beyond excited/wanting to learn more!
'Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones' via  Verge 
The impact of the "normal curve". 
 2 Ivysaur (Razor Leaf/Solar Beam 2/11/2 - 33.33%) 395 Strathearne Ave L8H 5L2, 07:15:37pm (28m 15s left) 
GNews: RC Hobbs Gets Financing for 33 Home Community 
Google only gives you what they feel like ,well in bed with this Shower in Government,so many thing have been remov… 
Javaaaaah! Your morning cup of coffee is about to get more expensive 
CLIA Joins Coalition to Combat Wildlife Trafficking 
 Snapchat News: Jan 18, 2017, 2:28pm PST - Snapchat brings on Timehop CEO. Jan 18, 2017, 2:28pm ... Snapchat fo... 
 digitalmarketing BounceX: The Behavioral Marketing Leader Reshaping How Brands Target Consumers 
The Temperature Spiral, Now With 2016’s Record Heat via  skinnergj
 Former president's movement disorder mimics Parkinson's - Washington Post 
After a couple of technical issues last eve, Wisdoms From The Heart Radio is pleased to… 
Women News: Girls In Northern Saskatchewan Are Missing School Because Of Their Periods 
Women News: Koiwood's 2017 Representative Bid Swells, As Hundreds Express Support Through Petition 
LawNewz Hiring 2 Hosts/Writers For Online Video Network 
Bill Maher Puts Hollywood 'Bubble' On Notice: 'We're The Losers Now' - via 
In Wyoming, DeVos gun remark more about safety than politics 
Memoir News: How Not to Speak Polish: On Language, Pain and (Not) Writing Memoir 
Partners: Internet of Things Retail Solutions Will Be A 'Boon' For The Channel 
Oversight agency releases video of fatal shooting by Chicago police on South Side 
Whistleblower suit alleges widespread problems at bank run by Treasury nominee Mnuchin 
 Google Gives  Google+ Some Nips and Tucks 
 dataprivacy Costa Rica Makes Pro-Business Data Protection Changes 
Learn how to pitch your startup with Pitchbot.vc 
 Dezzles  Crowbeak im talking google hangouts candle lit dinner for two, a bottle of fine vintage pokemon red, perhaps Lena can serenade
 iruntech Yes, sorry... I didn't see this tweet until now.  Were you able to join us?  I haven't looked at the Google Forms yet.
 Parents mortified to find 'Sophie the Giraffe' toys full of mold - New York Daily News 
Alphabet’s  Google buys mobile  App tool Fabric from  Twitter as social  Network offloads another asset 
Credible Raises  10 Million in Series B Funding 
WATCH: New Radian Video 
 BongScience 4 Reasons Why Dispensary Training Is Essential - As cannabis research progresses and more informat... 
Lending Club Releases Investor Update on Loss Forecasts 
 tystoffoli Did a quick google search and looks like they don't have one? Except for Marshmallow and Lilypad.
Apple Music subscribers get CBS Sports Radio 
Ninetales 22% (6/1/3) ember fast/fire blast) till 16:16:25 (29m 13s) 
Anita Baker Announces Her Retirement From Music 
 nowayback__  CaseyNeistat I wasn't even going to reply to you, but I just Google image searched it, and the picture you posted isn't there
Mississippi Attorney General Files Suit Against Google Over Handling of Student Data 
 JrcheneyJohn  BreitbartNews what do you expect of these Republicans that took money from Hillary to destroy Trump

Why Fastenal, Mead Johnson Nutrition, and CoLucid Pharmaceuticals Jumped Today 
35% Dratini
2/1/13
Exp:07:01:46pm
Lower Manhattan,10013 
Mead Johnson Nutrition Company (MJN) Rises 5.33% for January 18 
 ItsMartyPlays u should hit us up with google play or i tunes card
Health ministry to release nutrition-watch App for Indian foods 
Google, Siri, and Alexa ALL think you're a dumbass.
Alakazam 51% (13/9/1) confusion fast/shadow ball) till 16:12:40 (25m 32s) 
PowerBar To Offer Cleaner Nutrition 
 brianstelter  Obama's moments were real. Human. Heartwarming. Trump's would be staged and robotic. So, no thanks. 
 bay_peck it's SO good. there's a list of all of the book and movie references on google lmao
Stop asking for Half-Life 3 - VR Portal for Vive should be what you really want - Techradar India 
 wiltejkiel i dont think it is I saw someone already say its already in google play
Trying out HitFilm Express, anyone had experience with it? 
[London] Hitmonchan (IV: 71%) until 12:16:44AM at 8 Sprules Rd 
 willandgrace returning on NBC for 10 episode season!!
 dee_dip 87 slide presentation you had to watch led to this google search.
Website Traffic generator  DigitalMarketing | SEO Tricks Google to Buy Twitter's Fabric,…
[London] Hitmonlee (IV: 24%) until 12:14:18AM at 2 Folkestone Rd 
Google has acquired most of Twitter’s developer products, including Fabric and Crashlytics via  Recode
 google  microsoft Yahoo Will Block Indian Gender-Selection Ads.  gogadgets 
Canvas Integrates With Google to Enable Single Sign-On, Streamline Workflow 
Parents mortified to find 'Sophie the Giraffe' toys full of mold - New York Daily News  Health  News  Today 
Save location with Tasker, retrieve it later - If you are using Google Now, you are aware of the ‘where I parke... 
Yess!! 
Google trying to take Chromebooks more mainstream?  lenovo  chromebooks 
Google Maps swaps MLK Day for Confederate holiday in several Southern states 
Debra Daun gathered the collection Voodoo Magic! 
Corfu Villa with white water views: Entire home/apt for  200. Hello! Welcome to our beautiful corner of the world.… 
Villa Poulades Sea - Govino Bay: bedrooms 2 Rental in Corfu, Greece. Check availability or book online. Compare… 
twsrc^tfw The Google Hardware Giveaway | Tech Deals tweetbutton androidauth
📈 "Real Madryt" is trending today on Google Poland (10000+ searches) 
Lowongan Kerja Bagian Resident Technical Officer (Architectural, Structural &… 
 Heminator Reminder of MS/Apple of yesteryear. Google needs competitor w/a sim. bus. model lest they be a monopoly subject to fed oversight!
Google Maps Will Soon Help You Find Parking 
google chines girls fulking images xxx 
Best binary options signals uk  binaryoptions
Food Delivery by Autonomous Robots Now a Thing in the Bay Area. 
His Big moment helping people off a plane in freezing water; did the right thing  w/ Dave Sanderson  podcast
Binary options no deposit bonus november 2017  binaryoptions
Shepard Fairey's protest posters for the Trump inauguration will run as full-page newspaper ads. 
Astronomers in Japan have spotted a massive bulge in Venus' atmosphere  venus
A wild Nidoking appeared! It will be in Worthing until 12:15 AM.   0011Pogo1100 
pls share 
◦ Google: Milan Fashion Week, Day 4: Armani as furry wrapper-in-chief for Milan menswear season - The Register-Guard 
◦ Google: Balenciaga Showed a Fall 2017 Bernie Sanders– - Glamour: Glamour Balenciaga Showed a Fall 2017 Bernie… 
Debra Daun completed the quest Magical tools! 
Committee continues work on marijuana bill as legalization date looms 
'Beard guy' pleads guilty to marijuana trafficking - An Amelia man known nationally for his beard styles pleade... 
Google agrees to buy Twitter's Fabric  via  WSJ
Hitmonchan has appeared! Expected despawn:07:16:32pm(29m 44s) IV:60.00% (15/5/7) Moves:Rock Smash, Ice Punch 
G+: “The Productivity Project” via Talks At Google 
 ChromsSleeve we both know the truth dear, but ok... your username is a celebration to google chrome!👀👀👀
Researchers prove that smartwatches know you're sick even before you do  Wearables
Detail from the massive central piece of re:unionDresden - the Google Maps of Hell -  someth1nglondon from Friday 
<b>Star Wars</b> Rebels Clip: Sabine Wields the Darksaber: By Matt Fowler In this week's new episode of Star Wars… 
 rhuntern Only is you google meatspin
Grimer 60% (12/7/8) mud slap fast/mud bomb) till 
Are you terrified of president Trump? Fight back with Oracle sentient toaster version 2.0 by Google.
 miyagawa
Google Pixel Review

Fire Emblem: Heroes coming to Google Play in February 
G+: Setting Up a Modern Sales Funnel: Subscribers, Nurturing, Landing Pages 
Fabric goes to Google!
Marketing Day: Traffic metrics, Google’s AMP & live-streaming with Twitch 
Google is trying to break into the ride-hailing app market with "Waymo." CNET associate editor Dan Graziano join... 
 AndrewBlanchard  Lewey_Denmark  em_hardy1  KevDenmark google gurus. Thought it was fishy. 😂😂😂
G+: Content shock re-visited, the content marketing myths and realities 
In 2011, Scott Pruitt got a letter from an oil company, put his letterhead on it, and sent it to the EPA 
 5M Foundation Gift to Help Support US-China Energy Center at Berkeley Lab 
Google Maps will soon get you where you need to go, then help you park 
Golduck 47% (3/8/10) confusion fast/ice beam) till 16:11:17 (24m 42s) 
Opinion: How we can make super-fast hyperloop travel a reality - Cambridge Network

Opinion: How we can make super… 
my next hair color
Mike Mayock's East-West Shrine Game Day 3 observations

How to be happier according to science: build a wall between work and life  entrylevelrebel via  Inc
A wild Victreebel appeared! It will be in Worthing until 12:15 AM.   0011Pogo1100 
Jordy Nelson limited, Davante Adams sits out practice

Sheffield Wednesday: Ex-Owls manager Dave Jones named new Hartlepool United boss  swfc
Retweeted Daniela Louise Braun ( dani_braun):

Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team from Twitter... 
Brown on Butler: Wherever I line up, he'll be there

G+: “Making the decision to engage your customers as messengers for your brand story is an important first step… 
 Oddish despawn 01:13:12 (26m 39s). 100.00%. A/D/S: 15/15/15. Razor Leaf, Sludge Bomb. 
Seahawks signing veteran cornerback Perrish Cox

Talking bad about country is not good education, says Manohar Parrikar -  education  india
 134 Vaporeon (Water Gun/Aqua Tail 0/14/2 - 35.56%) 13 Pinewoods Dr L8J 2T5, 07:16:13pm (29m 45s left) 
 jvgraz you want to look at her  contributions towards education which a Google will be happy to help you with, not lamestream media blabber
Cowboys, Chiefs named 2017 Pro Bowl coaching staffs

Sons of Bryan Cox, Ken Griffey Jr. competing at Shrine Game

Civil rights groups urge Facebook to fix 'racially biased' moderation system  Facebook  android  app go to 
Image: 1000+ ideas about Happy Birthday Son on Pinterest | Happy Birthday ... 
Biz Break: Zuckerberg says Facebook paid  3 billion, not  2 billion, for Oculus VR  Facebook  android  app go to 
Antonio Brown: “I absolutely regret the Facebook Live situation”  Facebook  android  app go to 
Study illustrates Facebook's growth as campaign news source  Facebook  android  app go to 
Just starting out!!!! 
How Much Is Facebook Actually Spending on Virtual Reality? More Than We Thought  Facebook  android  app go to 
Rev Cleatus - Kinshasa Five (6Music Session, 24 Nov 2007)  NowPlaying  6music
Ms. Jackie - Google+ 
 AlliantECenter im sorry to keep tweeting at you guys but here's a presentation on why the lines should be separate
Three practical ways Google Site Search offers a superior experience  
G+: 2017 Content Marketing Resolutions   ifttt 
Oh yeah, pics from my google drive, it doesnt really work, Jonny is a fickle thing
🎉🎉🎉Here is the sign-up form to volunteer next Saturday: 
jjf lagonave: Unstoppable Music Dropping Vol.1 and Vol.2 - Music on Google Play 
G+: Bending the Curves of Productivity   ifttt 
 nikey__k google is even more digusting
MAPS PhD - MAPS PhD |  Google My Business Training  GoolgeMaps 
Video Wave Pro - NEW GROUNDBREAKING  SOFTWARE INSTANTLY BUILDS AND RANKS A  VIDEO ON PAGE 1 OF  GoogleE 
New Event Now On. GET Rank S Monsters. App Store: Google Play:  DarkSummoner
Twitter Just Sold Its Developer Platform To Google - 
Textile News - Learn to make your own decisions, Smriti Irani advises young ...  textiles 
Very interesting.  Twitter's dev platform launched 2 yrs ago is being acquired by  google's dev products team. Cong… 
G+: How to Maximize Your On-Page SEO in 2017 With One Awesome Checklist by Eric Brantner 
Billion-dollar Hacker Gang Abuses Google Services To Control Malware via  Forbes  fpemp  
Google didn't buy Twitter but they bought their developer platform. 
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google) Steve K… 
Google explains how Android detects malware before it gets out of hand 
Google weaves machine learning into new  Google Photos features 
 throwbackthursday
How does  Google  Adwords work?

Lured Pokestop! 36 Hunter St E L8N 3W8, Lure will expire 07:16:13pm (30m 2s left). 
USDCAD BEARISH - SELL SETUP  usdcad  fx  forex  news
USDCAD (L) 2017.01.18  usdcad  fx  forex  news
Why can't we import drugs from  Canada 


USDCAD: Bearish bat pattern  usdcad  fx  forex  news
 TonyStewart  NASCAR Tony Stewart (Crash Custom Nascar) Authentics 1:64 14 Mobil 1 3 Champion  Google  Trends
USDCAD good to buy.  usdcad  fx  forex  news
so i forgot deepthroat was an actual thing and not just a Cupcakke song so now my google search history has "deepthroat" with no context
Timehop continues to cache photos/videos I've deleted from my Google Photos, even 2 hr long videos...guess it's time to test their limits.
A New Gmail Phishing Attack Is Faking The Login Screen  Android  Google 
 Lapras despawn 01:15:48 (29m 37s). 71.11%. A/D/S: 12/14/6. Ice Shard, Dragon Pulse. 
- Android Book Google acquires Fabric, a popular mobile developer platform for performance tracking and crash… 
West  Africa military intervention to uphold democracy in Gambia interesting to watch  OromoProtests  Ethiopia 

 GoBolts Rakell Lifts Ducks Over Lightning In Overtime  SportsRoadhouse
Top 10: NVIDIA SHIELD Android TV Apps – January 2017  Android  Google 
 TBLightning  Bolts Rakell Lifts Ducks Over Lightning In Overtime  SportsRoadhouse
The Impending Crisis of the South: How to Meet it
By Hinton Rowan Helper
1857

SCMAGAZINE: Carbanak gang using Google for malware command and control,  security
CUP:Eevee 97.78% (15/15/14/Quick Attack/Body Slam) till 16:15:44 (29m 44s).
CP for lvl30+: 13

 RdRyan908  iReIateLife  HilariousEdited yeah but it gets posted on reddit right after. then leads to google images.
DevOps: The top three hottest trends for 2017 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
Google Acquires Twitter’s Developer Platform Fabric 
[session] Running Databases in Containers By Ocean9Inc | DevOpsSummit  DevOps  Docker ... 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
Google Panda the traffic eating monster 
They came, they saw...they left. Track every exit click using Google Tag Manager in 10 steps -… 
'The Atlantic' Editors Endorse Hillary Clinton for President 
I'm live on Twitch - Watch me at 
Central Division responding to '24 - Abandoned Property' at 4800 blk Coles Manor Pl | Beat 143 | | 17:42
Burgers, Grilled Cheese, a Brazilian Bakery, and More Upcoming Openings. 
 WORLDERPE just try to upload it on the web version of 
BounceX: The Behavioral Marketing Leader Reshaping How Brands Target Consumers  digitalmarketing
China to Reveal Prototype 'Super Supercomputer' by Year's End - The Daily Dot 
 BettyMagazine I bet he's googled it. If he knows how to google, that is... x
SearchCap: Google local pack ads, Bing Ads scheduling & Google Android offline searches
Google could bring supercheap Android One phones to the US - CNET: Originally meant for… 
When your google photos showing you throwbacks you don't want to see😥
arystotle completed the quest Excerpt on spells! 
 aBallOfCiara Google lol
15 minutes left to bid! 
Dog Licks Owners’ Faces to Save Them from House Fire  FreeSpeech  MAGA  Trump
Trump bump evaporates for Target and other retail stocks - Many retailer stocks took a dive late last month, am... 
John Leguizamo: ‘Jeff Sessions Should Never Be Attorney General’  FreeSpeech  MAGA  Trump
Swimwear Season? It Is for Marketers on Pinterest (Infographic) 
"Google Acquires Twitter Assets Fabric, Crashlytics, Answers, Digits, Fastlane" via Inside Facebook 
YouTube Testing New In-App Chat Function to Boost Social Activity  pr
 naked google earth images tenn porn tube 
dark google: how to relax
dark google: how to relax but fast
adrk google: how to relax while still working
dark goolge: hwo to relax but bet
 ScottFBrowne online, Google the name of ISBN and add international paperback edition.
Dratini has appeared in Webster/Nassau! Despawn:07:14:24pm(28m 40s)IV:20.00% (0/7/2) Moves:Dragon Breath, Wrap 
Facebook for Desktop Removes Messages, Adds Messenger Interface? 
Trianium Google Pixel XL Case Protective Cover  goldbox  ad 
Holy shit. :o

Google Earth: Saroo's Search via  YouTube
. PCookTech  alicekeeler Computer software is improving so they don't need to. Microsoft equation editor, desmos etc. Google needs same.
Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones,  mobelmedia
yaay  fabric is joining  Google 
 Firebase will be awesome
Coy completed the achievement and received rewards Parts-Collector! 
Google Maps App To Start Finding Available Parking For Users. - See more at:  
DownloadAtoZ - More Apps than Google Play - Free Store (FreeStore Android Market) 
 PropertunityWld is glad  fabric has a new home: Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team via  techcrunch
Data Discovery Market by Type, Service, Application, Deployment, Organization Size, Vertical, and ... 🗣 Opines on …
Who will make money from ag's big data benefits?1 hour, 3 minutes ago 🗣 Opines on  BigData
. Google bought  Twitter after all —or at least, part of it—Fabric, Twitter's platform for developers to build apps. 
If you use AdWords, read this on expanded Google text ads here  Entrepreneur 
I'm using "ShareCloud",
 Download it from  
Eevee (95.56%-15/15/13,Quick Attack/Body Slam) Until 16:15:24 (29m 49s) 
Microsoft is providing  3 million in cloud credits to the NSF-supported Big Data program 🗣 Opines on  BigData
Big Data Fabrics Emerge to Ease Hadoop Pain 🗣 Opines on  BigData
Urban Kick® at Hooked on Fitness Class is starting in 15 minutes. Are you on your way?? Hooked On Fitness LLC, 426… 
 gyip I had to google it. It is unbelievable. Like, I do not believe it. What the hell.
Programmatica is out!  google
Needed ASAP in Washington!!! Common Sense! Google it if you do not know the definition!!!!
I think your assistant is broken  Google 
"Punjab Elections 2017: 1941 Candidates File Nominations - NDTV"  Punjab  News
Google makes me depressed cos I never press the button 'I'm feeling lucky.'
 Matt_Kacar I've only owned an iPhone once, I've been an Android guy since before Google made their own phones.
images of metal art for sale - Google Search 
"Punjab Elections 2017: 1941 Candidates File Nominations - NDTV" by  
Ramius CEO quits to pursue new career opportunities  alternativeinvestments  familyoffice
HOROSCOPE MAHJONG
Download from Google Play:


App from Play Store

Vizio devices now take voice commands from Google Home via  Engadget  discovery 
okay i lied the google says stomachs have the capacity to hold 4 litres (that seems... a lot) which means i can fit in 9 more diet coke
Researchers prove that smartwatches know you’re sick even before you do  downloader  androidapps
Discover new  fashion  Style with  VirtualOutfit app Android=>Apple=>… 
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google)… 
Interesting..  Google Acquires  Twitter’s Developer Platform Fabric  Variety  
7 Datos Clave de Google Analytics 
why is it that reverse google searching only gives you the result "anime"
 2.2 Million in State Funds to Enhance Entrepreneurship and Innovation  Innovación  Innovation
3 in 5 US teachers say they’re willing to spend their own time to learn about  CS - support them!  googlecsedu
45-min into  cspan bc I need mental stimulation after teaching 12yo all day...  cabinetnominees  firstyearteacher  
"Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google)" 
Square Dancing w/ Doug Saunders January 18, 2017 at 07:00PM Boparc Adult Recreation Center, 287 Eureka Drive, Morg… 
'My Activity' allows to delete your search history from  Google records   tech  technology 
Gulf Gas Station  BanGasStation
 RFID Guidelines on your smartphone Choose the right  RFID technology for your project 
NBC4 Health and Fitness Expo Closes: 'Overall, It Was a 10'…: google_ad_client = "ca-pub… 
Preparation is key. 
Small Faces - Things Are Gonna Get Better   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
Officer made traffic stop, then directed woman to gas station before she went missing  BanGasStation
My mom just told me not to have sex outside bc of google earth and satellites hahaha  goodadvice  thanksmom
Fablic is joining Google.
Woman mistakes gas pedal for brake, hits  BanGasStation
RSA: Vaporeon 64.44% (9/7/13/Water Gun/Hydro Pump) till 16:14:24 (29m 24s).
CP for lvl30+: 1283

Allentown gas station sold winning lottery ticket;  2M jackpot will be split among 3 Pennsylvanians  BanGasStation
Fired IT employee offered to help unlock school's Google account for  200K 
In about 15 min, stream will start, but to participate, here is the link

Gas Station Attendent  BanGasStation
I really just want to know who hacked my Google Classroom 
Police: Rapid City Gas Station Clerk Stabbed to Death Over Beer  BanGasStation
How to Add Google Drive to Windows Send To menu  Google  googledrive  windows  drive  howto  cloudcomputing
"Carbanak Using Google Services for Command and Control"   security  cybersecurity
Google Trends since 2004 for term "Deep State" 
 Use This  Service To make  Lots of  Money By  Google  Read More  Fiverr  Seo  Smm 
Brands of cigarettes sold at valaro gas station  BanGasStation
Do you play android games....?  puzzle  androidgames  ball  fun January 19, 2017 at 05:15AM
2 men charged in deadly Johnston gas station crash  BanGasStation
New Reviews Going Live From This Evening - The Otaku's Study  ボカロ 
 Onthisday in 1902: Designed for wireless comm & electricity, Tesla files the magnifying transmitter for patent… 
Free workshops, seminars for healthier living, gardening 
Passive Monetization Is Dead. There Is A New Way To Make Money Blogging  
This Video Game Ad Is the First Film in 14 Years From the Director of Die Hard  advertising 
Windowsill Gardening 
"A small change to Google Maps could make a big difference for people with disabilities." 
Nexus 5X Leather Sleeve | BLUEBERRY MANGO | |  Nexus5x  Nexus5xSleeve  Nexus5xCase  Nexus5xCover  Nexus5xLeather
Fly N Fish Oyster Bar and Grill

2304 W Oceanfront, Newport Beach, CA 92663
(949) 673-8400 
If gardening's on your mind, focus on your soil 
Google Sheets 1.7.012.06.33 (arm) (240dpi) has updated at  APKdot
My org is the official Media Sponsor for  DevFestMN this Feb! Learn more & reg → w/ gdgtc… 
Meet new people, chat, find your soulmate, flirt! ♥  chat  webcam  snapchat  videochat  ch… 
Growing up on the land: Urban Roots executive stays busy, whatever the season 
New game  androidgame  ball  free  game January 19, 2017 at 05:15AM 
Cameroon 2 - 1 Guinea-Bissau: FINAL – Africa Cup of Nations  africa
Please please it's too much winning 
Gardening in February 
 CreativelySmart Social Media Management App has Arrived: Like  hootsuite  sproutsocial  buffer  sendible  smallbiz 
Our team ensure the mix is right to keep everything interesting whilst ensuring its keyword rich for Google.  socialmedia
Over 30 levels of challenges..  androidgame  maze  ball  puzzle January 19, 2017 at 05:15AM
Want proof of our work? We are ranked on the first page of  Google for our most important  searchterms. 
Marijuana early flowering  marijuana
 2Dnazi  odetoky boi i can pull google az well bitchass nigga
Onix available until 06:59:19pm (14m 21s). Tackle / Stone Edge (75.56% - 5/14/15) 
[Queenstown] Porygon (IV: 37%) until 08:14:53AM at 1.30299482, 103.78309504 
[Manly] Flareon (IV: 46%) until 11:14:44AM at 7-9 Gilbert St 
[London] Blastoise (IV: 35%) until 12:12:09AM at 133 Homerton High St 
 Minecraft: Pocket Edition for Windows Phone won't receive any new updates due to low usage 
the things I tweet about aren't necessarily on google so I can't illustrate them with images 🙄
[London] Aerodactyl (IV: 62%) until 12:13:41AM at 83 Swain's Ln 
[Pennant Hills] Dragonite (IV: 62%) until 11:12:03AM at 16C Orchard St 
[Changi] Snorlax (IV: 40%) until 08:12:25AM at  W Perimeter Rd 
Flareon available until 05:42:19pm (57m 26s). Ember / Heat Wave (68.89% - 10/13/8) 
Thanks to Timothy Pham for the great 5 star review on Google! 
Electabuzz 40% (3/2/13) thunder shock fast/thunderbolt) till 18:12:35 (27m 38s) 
 Matt_Kacar Unlike Apple, Google lets other people make phones and use their OS. Google didn't even make Android first, they just bought it.
Product and Feature Updates 
I was about to google something but now I can't remember what
Betsy DeVos, guns are a pretty lousy way to ward off grizzlies  CNN (does she want AR-15s in every school?) 
Wow, jumped in 2 weeks ago and now Fabric IS PART of Firebase. That  Google, got all the fun dev toys… 
 127 Pinsir (Rock Smash/X Scissor 14/10/14 - 84.44%) 400 Queensdale Ave E L9A 4P4, 07:08:31pm (23m 42s left) 
"This book is like  60 just google the information and spend your money on drugs like good college students" -My RWS Professor
 sun_alvaro Free Stoking Porn Ass X Hamster => 
8 Healthy Restaurant Dishes in Miami That Are Also Delicious. 
Overnight Cybersecurity: Trump team slams Manning commutation | FBI investigating if Russia aided Trump - 
Wow  Google Buys Mobile App Tool Fabric From  Twitter. Interested in seeing Twitter's strategy moving forward.

01/18 18:43 / Clifton Rd & Poole Rd, RA / Accident (F50I) / -NO- / 079L / EWP2
Twig, the lock screen app that rewards you. Use my invite code, KqdB and get 1300 points to redeem rewards you want.

The Google Assistant Commands that Work on Google Home, Pixel, and Allo 
 Google Pixel… 
This is how Google ensures the Play Store remains free from potential malware 
.verified just sold its developer platform to Google
 Technology  IRTG  Google  Fabric… 
Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team from Twitter


Ein Dratini mit 15.56% (7/0/0)! Dovenfleet None. 
international woody wagon - Google Search...Re-Pin brought to you by  CarInsurance agents at  Houseo 
Ex-Beau of 'Yoga Twin' Sheds Light on Her Past  yoga
Google buys Fabric & other Twitter Dev products. Just buy Twitter already and save us the suspense.  twitter  tech

Ouch

Cyclist Takes Nosedive Into A Ravine, Films The Whole Thing. 
Federal lawsuit of man who killed yoga master appears headed for trial  yoga
Bulbasaur! IV:53.33%,(5/5/14) till 04:14:20pm.   UBC 
Six agencies — including FBI, CIA, Treasury — probing possible Russian aid to Trump's campaign - 
Why I Left ABoeing – Socially Anxious Advocate 
Fabric is joining Google?
 fabric  Google acquisition, whaaaat?!
Fabric acquired by Google. "Huge"  mobile  agile
Healthy Living: Fatty Liver Disease 
210z Drngz Still Here on The Superstore Show on NBC Episode 12 Season 2 My Resume Shall Grow..
 APITConnect - Google Photos 2.7.0.144769719 by Google Inc. 
South Central Division responding to 'DASF-Dist Active Shooter Foot' at 4000 blk Ambrose Dr | Beat 737 | | 17:36
Lol well I'm on google 
Harvard student with internship offers from  Google,  Apple  via  BI_Careers
John Leguizamo: 'Jeff Sessions Should Never Be Attorney General'

google nexus 5 
Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones  TechNews 
Android: Google acquires Fabric, a popular mobile developer platform for performance tracking and crash reporting 
Microsoft brings Office Lens to the iPad 
Manish Sisodia and Saumya Jain come under CBI scanner, AAP sees red - The Indian Express 
Snapchat Offers Advertisers ‘Sequenced Messaging’ of Multiple Video Ads 
Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones  Digital  Tech 
Star power to fire up poll campaign - Oherald 
_NewsTechnology:  Google is doing a terrible  Job at shipping its Pixel  Smartphones 
"Cybercrime gang uses Google services for malware command and control"  malware  crime  Google  security
_NewsTechnology: Report:  Google wants to bring its dirt- Cheap  Android phones to the US 
New iPhone 6 Plus Glitter Case  newiphone
Flareon 93% (15/15/12) ember fast/fire blast) till 16:07:34 (23m 15s) 
Social Media / Marketing Internship  SMO  SocialMedia 
BOJ looking to boost growth outlook, but cautious on inflation  newiphone
 xTRUMP_NATIONx 
Type the words Militia and massacre into google and then tell me then they make a place safer!
First day of speed training since leading PN FB to 7A state title game, Tyler Hoosman runs PR 0.98 in 10m fly.… 
Apple's Next iPhone May Use Your Face to Unlock  newiphone
Social Media and Protest Participation: Evidence from Russia  SMO  SocialMedia 
Growlithe Bite/Flame Wheel  84.44% (15/13/10)- Despawns   16:13:51 (29m 30s timer). Times may not be accurate 
Brand New iPhone 6s Plus 64gb Silver  newiphone
 ErinBurnett my account was hacked 4 times. All phones wiped, I got back into 3 but Google is refusing to help with the 4th
Khloe Kardashian: Why Pregnancy Rumors Could Not Come At A Worse Time 
GoogleE NEWS FULL RSS FEED from any keyword  SmallBusiness | Internet Marketing Pizzagaters Invent Dumb New…
Iphone aps  newiphone
Google: UnkulMunki Hi there. Tell us more about what's going on with your Google Now. We'd be glad to try and help.
[WN Top Stories] Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google 
GoogleE NEWS FULL RSS from your keyword choice!  InternetMarketing | Article Spinner A Savvy Way To Boost Your Web…
Google: Scotty9racer Hi Scott. You may find our removals policy and processes here: Does that help?
“You’ve been invited to present in a breakout session for Google Cloud Next 2017…” I guess this makes it official!  googlecloud  gcpnext17
Discontent in DC: Lawmakers, citizens protest Trump inauguration 
MLB Hall Of Fame 2017: Tim Raines, Jeff Bagwell & More Heading To Cooperstown 
Dratini available until 07:13:28pm (29m 21s). Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail (40.00% - 5/7/6) 
DC Businesses Pledge Inauguration Profits to LGBTQ Charities 
Pro-Biafrans announce Trump solidarity rally - News24 
Should you sign up for a credit card just to get it's bonus?
 iheartmindy Hmmmm. Guanosine triphosphate, an organic chemical and energy carrier? *joke brought to you by Google*
Google search: How to tell if ur actually unwanted or you just feelin it
Vehicle Fire | 8016-8000 Lake June Rd (WORLD STORE CT/S BUCKNER BLVD) | | EN34 | 340092 | 17:44 | A
APR, Rayon to faceoff on Heroes' Day  Rwanda
RAF look to shine at World X-Country Championships  Rwanda
WHY IS IT ONLY GoogleE PLAY W H Y
2014 Report: Barack  Obama's Net Worth Has Risen 438% Since Running for President  
The economic policy Trump should pursue  Rwanda
yeah I'm about to  Google some answers lmaooo 
Senators call for stronger measures to check financial crimes  Rwanda
Sarah Monk explains to us what to expect at this year's fair. 
MPs root for childhood devt centres  Rwanda
GoogleE NEWS FULL RSS from your keyword choice! |  DinahTaughtMe HPE to Acquire Data-Storage Startup SimpliVity for…
Automatic ARTICLE CREATOR  backlink  SeoTips The complete list of Google Home commands so…
Gicumbi intensifies fight against banned brew  Rwanda
Way South Philly Cheesesteak Food Truck Expands With New Restaurant. 
Ndayisenga to join Austria's Tirol Cycling Team in March  Rwanda
Why some women prefer to give birth out of the country  Rwanda
 Tecnología: Electronic Arts presenta EA Play, su evento pre-E3 2017 - Atomix 
Lickitung 33% (6/6/3) lick fast/stomp) till 23:52:33 (8m 30s) 
Decker: Washington and Silicon Valley Need Each Other: Berkshire Hathaway Independent Director…  fdecausans.free.fr
Asian stocks directionless, dollar steadies after slide 
Greek Yogurt Molasses Cookies 
Got The Winter Blues? Shed Them With Psychic Readings, Meditation In Rye  meditation
[London] Blastoise (IV: 57%) until 12:13:47AM at  North Rd 
[Oakleigh South] Blastoise (IV: 51%) until 11:12:28AM at 2 Elata St 
[Jurong East] Exeggutor (IV: 73%) until 08:12:48AM at 17A Pandan Rd 
[Punchbowl] Venusaur (IV: 55%) until 11:13:06AM at 15 Joyce St 
Arcanine available until 05:13:41pm (29m 47s). Fire Fang / Flamethrower (62.22% - 9/8/11) 
Football Barbecue Bet, San Antonio Spurs Cereal, and More A.M. Intel. 
"Google Introduces New Mobile-First Index Bot" from  marketing  analytics  CMO  data
 Google please i need help asap i need my phone back
Bulbasaur 24% (2/8/1) tackle fast/seed bomb) till 16:13:14 (29m 17s) 
If you're going to send me pictures of a dick that isn't yours at least don't take one from the first google image… 
Google testing new look for local inventory ads in place of local pack 
Women Owned & Managed Enterprise Network Conference Speaker Request Form 
 DetroitPistons  GoPistons  Forum Pistons News: Hawks vs. Pistons Pick - 
 bento75982449 Free Stoking Porn Ass X Hamster => 
Tauros 93% (14/13/15) zen headbutt fast/iron head) till 15:51:28 (7m 38s) 
Lickitung with IV: 82.22, Moves: Zen Headbutt,Stomp until 05:43:35 (29m 46s) at 
Where Coach Ali  medicates! 
Google search da mas spoiler que el fucking result😒
Your day brightener. Go to  Google on your computer and type in "askew." Smile. Courtesy of  mariecdillon via  facebook
Boo Boo 
The astounding irony of Trump being elected in the warmest year on record - Washington Post  Science 
01/18 18:42 / Clifton Rd & Poole Rd, RA / Traffic Collision (29B0) / T16 / 079L / EMS62
 toucharcade  TLaz99 where did they say it was coming out for both IOS and Google Play Feb 2nd?
Grimer available until 07:13:40pm (30m 2s). Mud Slap / Mud Bomb (22.22% - 0/0/10) 
Congrats to the Hall of Famers!!  MLB  astros  
I made "Japanese Curry Rice" from Gochi-Show!

 Japanese  Gochi_Show  Cooking
 health 
 yourltldogtoo  Genevieve_Marie  BrianWYoga  janeosanders  SenSanders Right. THIS Guy 
 janiaaaaa04  KNemrics  salngvyen who are you gonna believe? Google or Albert Einstein?
Take this for my statistics class thanks 🙂 
 dalex504  DMHerbs he sells it on his site. &you can find it on amazon or vitacost or google it and lots of places should come up
Australian Open: True love keeps Venus Williams coming back for more 
 RADIO  70s  juice Now Playing  Let It Be  The Beatles  APPS Apple Google 
01/18 18:42 / Clifton Rd & Poole Rd, RA / Accident (F50I) / T16 / 079L / EWP1 EWR11
Google for Android gets new feature to deal with inconsistent internet connections | TechCrunch 
Virtual Reality Headsets To Allow Tennis Fans To Watch Matches In Real-Time 
Shipment Planning & Management  management
I Experienced "Virtually Real" 3D-Printed Art, Made in Virtual Reality 
Virtual reality teaches students about distracted driving 
Tech: Google is buying most of Twitter’s developer products, including Crashlytics 
Work Smarter, Not Harder – Using Google Sheets for PPC 
Obama calls voter fraud claims 'fake news' - Fox News ☄  vrai777 ⛱  v ⏳℅  web 
Spotlight on Google Surveys 360: Getting to “Why” is now easier and faster than ever before. 
Nintendo's 'Fire Emblem Heroes' arrives on <b>Android</b> next month: Pre…  android
Report: Google wants to bring its dirt-cheap <b>Android</b> phones to the US…  android
Nintendo's Fire Emblem: Heroes is coming to <b>Android</b> on February 2nd…  android
Google could bring supercheap <b>Android</b> One phones to the US: Folks on tight…  android
Horsea 100.00% (15/15/15/Bubble/Flash Cannon) (29m 23s). Expires   19:12:54. 
 V  SAI:Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes accident reports … 
False, Misleading, Clickbait-y, and Satirical “News” Sources An amazing list of false news.  Are you using them?
Business Intelligence Data Warehouse Specialist:  bi  businessintelligence As a Business Intelligence Data Warehou…
CUP:Wigglytuff 80.00% (9/12/15/Pound/Dazzling Gleam) till 16:13:03 (29m 44s).
CP for lvl30+: 1191

5 fashion trends that will be in, out for 2017 - - 4029tv

4029tv

5 fashion tr…… 
6 Basic Google Scholar Tips Every Teacher Should Know about via EducatorsTechno... |  scoopit via  andreaschriscy 
Click here to get the new update! ➡ 
Play now Top Farm! Available on Google Play Store... 
Could Charleston victims’ families sue sites like Google over Dylann Roof’s rampa 
CRE can transform neighborhoods, say Commercial Real Estate ... - 
Elizabeth Warren:  Squaw screw'm white man. She scalp'm us all. She asshole!!! 
3 Surprisingly Inefficient Daily Business Practices 
Our alarming folly visualised  greenpeace  
: Matthew McConaughey Reveals How His Late Father Shaped Lead Role in 'Gold'  screenwriting
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google) Steve …
Google to start overriding call extension numbers with location-specific phone numbers in ads 
Torchy’s Tacos’ Test Kitchen, Alamo Drafthouse’s McDonald’s-Inspired Menu, and More A.M. Intel. 
Wigglytuff appeared! IV: 53.33% (12/12/0). Moves: Pound,Play Rough. At 412 35th Ave S. 31m 0s left. 
"Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team from Twitter" via TechCrunch 
Google's AMP is kind of the worst, but I'm not sure its idea is avoidable. 

 firsttouchgames hi I have lost the data file and I am already connect the game to Google account then I have tried to restoreandnot succeed
Great addition to the  Google umbrella. Great biz move by Twitter. 
Google acquires Fabric, a popular mobile developer platform for performance tracking and crash reporting 
Google is buying most of Twitter’s developer products, including Crashlytics 
businessinsider: Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes accident reports … 
Trump you got stamina don't let google manipulate you system. Call  US. I want to work as political secretary to you.
 realDonaldTrump his refusal to bend his ego to his new office. Google it.....
[AOSP|CM10] JellyBeer-v3.22 [The Beer Gang] ...  Gapps  Nexus  Nexus-7  Xda  カスタムROM… 
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google) via St…
 Soft robotic heart sleeve helps pump blood - New Atlas 
 Google Assistant Could Soon Allow Users To Make Payments Through Voice Commands - Tech Times : 
Google just bought twitter. Welp gun is over
 AustenMarieTV I almost fainted the first time bc I was so nervous… why was I there? Google said I have vagina cancer.
Google Maps on the web adds notifications for Local Guides users  gamified  gamification 
 WeLoveLA  Lakers Magic Johnson Wants Fans To Stop Being So Impatient With The Young Lakers  SportsRoadhouse
Fabric.io was bought by Google.
UnkulMunki Hi there. Tell us more about what's going on with your Google Now. We'd be glad to try and help.
 millierossman  jengonroff there's been a couple scary incidents very near us. And, of course, google "silver comet runner murder"
Scotty9racer Hi Scott. You may find our removals policy and processes here: Does that help?
Snorlax 40% (3/11/4) zen headbutt fast/earthquake) till 15:57:29 (14m 25s) 
 Lakers  GoLakers Magic Johnson Wants Fans To Stop Being So Impatient With The Young Lakers  SportsRoadhouse
Google grabs Twitter app platform Fabric 
Outgoing US envoy says UN needs to 'push' Iran on arms embargo 
Foss: Ride-hailing has flaws, benefits  taxi  blackcab
Stock market whiz kids 
Law firm covers cost of Uber, taxi for nearly 200 intoxicated Downriver motorists  taxi  blackcab
Will Trump Shred the Iran Nuclear Deal? 
Google is launching automated call extensions in mobile ads on February 6 
First Installation of EFI Nozomi C18000 To Be Installed in Spain  digital  printing
HPE Expands On Hybrid Cloud Tech 
The key to developing an SEO strategy based on Google's rules 
[London] Vaporeon (IV: 26%) until 12:10:31AM at 188-190 Hoe St 
WOW!  BecauseOfMETC

We're planning more  METCpd for summer & 16-17. Interested in hosting? Got ideas? Let us know!… 
Fabric is being acquired by Google. Congrats  fabric and looking forward to the next chapter!
I guess using Firebase is a bit of a no-brainer now: Google aquires Fabric, rolls into Firebase  AndroidDev
Jynx available until 07:12:47pm (29m 52s). Pound / Draining Kiss (68.89% - 12/8/11) 
Look at the space I've freed up with Avast Cleanup! Just another void in my life I need to fill. 
One of Google Maps’ coolest new features is finally rolling out via  YahooTech
 Baird's created havoc in NSW & now wants to sell his soul to the private sector.  kailamurnain  GraemeKellyUSU
75% Dratini
14/14/6
Exp:07:12:04pm
Central Park,10024 
NowPlaying : Green Street - Wrong Turn 

 Android App 
 PeripouWebRadio
 G_Davies9 fucking Google it
Just got notice my  photos have been viewed over 100,000 times   googlemaps 
that one meme where the mom leaves and the kid runs to google, but its me and im googling yuri
 millieohhyeahh lol I promise. Google it. Sad I know
imma google how to suicide
Step Inside Spicewood’s Inviting New Pizzeria. 
 HannahBGoetsch google the villagio in burleson 😍❤️
Fret About Inequality Over Vintage Wi 
Pre-registration for  FireEmblemHeroes has opened on the Google Play Store! 
Collibra nabs  50M at reported  650M valuation led by ICONIQ 
Cereal survey 
 grants  funds Hudson: Cultural Council awards  10K in grants 
 KimsBeljean  stvinvil  realmadrid wal google translate baay la? Wepav😂😂😂😂
 grants  funds Gemphire Therapeutics Reports Inducement Grants Under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) bit.ly…
‘Pearl’: how Google Spotlight turned a VR short into an Oscar contender 
Here's what 'Fire Emblem' looks like on mobile 
 grants  funds St. John's Grants Zach Brown Release From NLI 
 media519 -  Google+ isn't dead and these are the people still using it the most 
InsideSales  50 million round includes another Microsoft investment 
Google Voice dictation of voicemails are some of the funniest things I've read.
 tantesaffabohay Free Stoking Porn Ass X Hamster => 
Hiring Googlers is the most important thing. Disruption Tour at Google HQ 
Free! In-game chat, news, and more!  PTL  C9WIN  LCSBigPlays  LCS  LeagueOfLegends  lol po
APK Download - More Apps than Google Play. 
The Visuni (H6)  meteorite fell in Sind, Pakistan, on the 19th January, 1915.

 roozbehp Puachue which is persistent in names is unknown on Google. It has no digital legacy to find. Any name will do.  hmong
 AdrianPeterson  NFL ADRIAN PETERSON 2010 TOPPS TRIPLE THREADS SP AUTO BGS 9 MINT 3X JERSEY 2/9  Google  Trends
Fitzpatrick: Schilling's Hall of Fame miss partly his own fault 
Snorlax available until 07:12:13pm (29m 45s). Zen Headbutt / Earthquake (64.44% - 4/14/11) 
Disable Google Now voice input on Android Marshmallow - 
“Google will begin providing Fabric, Crashlytics, Answers” “During a transition period, Digits will continue to be maintained by Twitter” 喷了
Machamp (IV: 48%) until 04:07:38PM at 1-15 N Lamb Blvd 
I actually had to look up  GrizzliesInSchool Actually,Betsy DeVos,guns are a lousy way to ward off grizzlies 😂  
 MakeMoney Sharing a cool app on your  Smartphone. Wanna see how? 
Ion Exchange Resins Market by Type, End Use Industry, Region - Global Forecast to 2026 
Produced Water Treatment Systems – Global Industry Analysis 2020 
Judge: Give Flint probe data to charged workers 
Pidgey 100.00% (15/15/15/Quick Attack/Air Cutter) (29m 37s). Expires   19:12:07. 
Google got it wrong. The open-office trend is destroying the workplace. - The Washington Post  OBC500 
 mefbama Look down at  2. 
Peru officials apply for grant to upgrade water system 
Milestone for sewage treatment plant upgrade 
Machop 98% (14/15/15) karate chop fast/brick break) till 16:06:57 (24m 28s) 
Marco Rubio bill cuts off funding to UN following vote condemning Israeli Settlements 
Water bill increase will be gradual 
Bob Johnson Applauds GOP Sen. Tim Scott for Championing Diversity Bill 
Senate bill would bolster state and local efforts to combat boycotts of Israel 
Mayor Faulconer Skips Washington Meeting, Inauguration 
Google is looking to give Uber a run for its money 
The Khetri (H6)  meteorite fell in Rajasthan, India, on the 19th January, 1867.

Remember: you can't solve flight pricing*; you can't even solve chess.
There is no general intelligence!

*but you… 
If we're fighting against ourselves, how will ever achieve anything? You can be pro-life & a feminist.  WomensMarch 
 iSpeZz Here is the link - All 7 mod names are in the file name, Location you can see in Vid on The Center map.
Dratini Dragon Breath/Twister  46.67% (6/0/15)- Despawns   16:29:56 (47m 29s timer). Times may not be accurate 
Good job on asking the tough questions  SenWarren  SenWarren 

Seems like a nice family, no? 😤  Resistance ✊🏼 
 Matt_Kacar That's all Android phones. Google only makes the Nexus and Pixel, but all Android phones use the Play Store.
[DANKE71] 1019 Taeyong focus - open show  태용  テヨン 
 Google reveals how it flagged 25,000 Android apps for malware  TechnologyNews
Pops! Diabetes Care raises  1.2M for smartphone-connected glucometer  diabetes 
Walkerville Snorlax 15m 32s 57.78 2 14 10 Zen Headbutt Hyper Beam 
Nurses say province's upcoming budget needs to invest in the health of Ontarians  diabetes 
Nexus 7 from Google (7-Inch 16 GB Black) by ASUS (2013) Tablet  nexus  googlenexus
Onix available until 07:11:21pm (29m 7s). Rock Throw / Stone Edge (60.00% - 6/7/14) 
Ekans 100% (15/15/15) acid fast/wrap) till 16:00:49 (18m 29s) 
SearchCap: Google local pack ads, Bing Ads scheduling & Google Android offlin...  martech 
Is Google’s Knowledge Graph Secretly Damaging Your Content Marketing Efforts? 
ASUS Google Nexus 7 Android Tablet - Black  nexus  googlenexus
 Lulutheblue yep, just send 15  to denkimouse   include twitter name and address!
 nosdnomde Google wasn't being nice when I tried to find Church fathers re sex during pregnancy 
All of your  goals should be measurable 
Image: 1000+ images about Minion on Pinterest | When i see you, Broken ... 
Fiat Chrysler recalls 1.1 million cars, SUVs for rollaway issue  FiatChryslerAutomobiles…  FiatChryslerAutomobiles
yall just need to continue pimping my filipina pussy out for survival 
BUT 
i'm a retired  stelsewhere entrepreneur 

At-home aquaponics: Putting AquaFarm to the test - austin360 
Grrr.

'93 is particularly galling.

(Data from  grahamdude's HoF Veterans Committee spreadsheet:… 
India's business travel segment to grow from  30bn to  93bn by 2030: Study 
Be sensitive to India's concerns, China told - Chandigarh Tribune 
Bigg Boss 10, Episode 94, 18 January, 2017: Monalisa, Vikrant exchange wedding vows, exit the house - Firstpost 
xXx Return of Xander Cage box office collection day 5: Deepika Padukone film struggles to entice Indian audience -… 
Fabric is Joining Google 
Mississippi Attorney General Files Suit Against Google Over Handling of Student Data  Education
New DJ Apps! Deadline is Friday, Jan. 20th, at 2 PM.
Make sure to share it with your friends. Like, right now 

Microsoft ends support for Minecraft on Windows Phone  Facebook  android  app go to 
Parents mortified to find 'Sophie the Giraffe' toys full of mold - New York Daily News  Health  News 
Travel or a Relationship: Why Are Women Having to Choose?  travel
Business Issues 
Water Rescue - E013 - W 34th St - 17:34 - 
BounceX: The Behavioral Marketing Leader Reshaping How Brands Target Consumers 
Call to all tourists: Visit Asean, spend more, stay longer  travel  ttot
Live in Glasgow East? Fill in our Constituency Consultation. Have your say today  NatalieMcgarry   
[Tampines] Lickitung (IV: 33%) until 08:11:44AM at 21 Tampines North Drive 2 
Gas Leaking - E019 - Ralston - 17:34 - 
[Wheelers Hill] Hitmonchan (IV: 57%) until 11:11:07AM at 28 Alex Ave 
Chula Vista: Chansey (68.89%IV 14/2/15 Pound/Dazzling Gleam). TTH: 04:11:22pm. 
Why IoT standards aren't coming any time soon - InfoWorld  IoT  apps  tech
Ngl google translate is my bff at the moment
TRUMP EXECUT 
Want to read more comics but you don't have time? There's an app for helping you to improve your reading. 
Fabric move to Google is interesting. Always seemed an odd side project for Twitter. Obvious angle is another data straw for Don’t be Evil.
When SHTF in Europe, I expect to see a lot of China bailing out/buying out Euro banks. 
worth remembering Sturgeon & SNP didn't want you to have a referendum on the EU but demand 2nd Ref on Independence
The struggle to find pink yarn for your Pussyhat is real 
timverge Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones 
Want the 1st issue of the comic book series Time Corps for free ... here ya go on Google Play! 
 rkeithhatfield Google wasn't much help, however I did find this gem 
Dog Licks Owners' Faces to Save Them from House Fire

FANG: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google...Can't go wrong... 
Google could bring supercheap Android One phones to the US
A Boston startup Twitter paid  100M to acquire is now being sold to Google 
34 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
GEORGE H.W. BUSH ADMITTED TO ICU, WIFE BoeingRBoeingRA ALSO HOSPITALIZED... 
 therealautoblog  TomTom +20 
FYI/ 
Pictured;  FiatChrysler_NA  PacificaPHEV  PHEV At  EPA Rated 84 MP&Ge, Modded By  Waymo ( Google) An  AV
Young Malaysians envision a harmonious and progressive country 
471385  soldiers
had given their lives to save humanity! 
Chromo Inc 7" Tablet Google Android 4.4 with Touchscreen, Camera, 1024x600 Resolution, Netflix,.. 
Marketing and investment firm Wareness expands beyond hardware  
6 Basic Google Scholar Tips Every Teacher Should Know about via EducatorsTechnology via  TDOttawa… 
Cod4 6 on I should follow him.... And there's a google drive of hentai in my dms 
 sincereeee_ ask google
Google Gives Google+ Some Nips and Tucks
Why Is It So Hard to Make Content? 
71% Clefable
11/11/10
Exp:07:10:51pm
Midtown,10016 
Netflix Has No Rules Because They Hire Great People 
Tom Price, HHS Nominee, Faces Tough Questions On Stock Deals And Obamacare  money  stock  news  trading
Robo-advisor Wealthfront diversifies with stock selling service  money  stock  news  trading
Snorlax 40.00% (8/10/0/Zen Headbutt/Body Slam) (29m 37s). Expires   19:11:13. 
It's happening! Bravely takes over Google Fiber tonight! 
Riverview Financial Corporation Announces  17.0 Million Private Placement of Common Stock ...  money  stock  news …
UK's Tate art galleries get first female chief  art  postmodern
HOLLYWOOD FREAKOUT CONTINUES... 
Tate selects its first ever female art gallery chief in Maria Balshaw  art  postmodern
BestApp2017 
 
Which president can claim longest stock market winning streak?  money  stock  news  trading
Why Whirlpool Corporation Stock Soared 25% in 2016  money  stock  news  trading
[Sovana] Lickitung (IV: 48%) until 04:01:48PM at 7705 W Post Rd 
Scaramucci: Trump deserves credit for stock rally  money  stock  news  trading
The Most Important Steps To Establishing Your Brand Online 
Tuiguang123 English Online Marketing Co. Ltd, The Leading Service Provider In China When It ... 
Democratic senator takes Tom Price to task over questionable stock purchases  money  stock  news  trading
Trump: low approval ratings 'phony' and 'rigged'  Little does he remember those last polls before the election.  
Oh, and  Obama freed this treasonous båstard! He's  on a roll! This is a disgrace!   tcot Come on  Inauguration  
Price Defends Legality of Stock Purchases Before Senate Committee  money  stock  news  trading
 38 Ninetales (Ember/Fire Blast 13/2/8 - 51.11%) 123 Homewood Ave L8P 2M6, 06:59:06pm (17m 41s left) 
A Lapras is in Noblesville/Fishers Area. Gone   19:10:18 IV:48.89% Frost Breath Ice Beam (28m 49s).
Retweeted Fakta Google ( FaktaGoogle):

Lagu Coldplay 'Paradise' dan Adele 'Someone Like You' bisa membantu... 
 Google 41st Street in Manhattan (where I am currently) appearing as 1st Street on  googlemaps. 41st = 4/1 = April… 
inauguration line-up: all the bands, singers and performers playing the celebratory concert  boycotttheartists 
Poll Shows Clinton Leading Hypothetical Race for NYC Mayor 
South Central Supervisor responding to '7X - Major Accident' at 800 blk W Wheatland Rd | Beat 748 | | 17:06
 backlon  chriswelch Apple shipped me a 16 GB MBP touchbar fedex from China in 3 days. Google/HTC NEED to try way harder.
Season's getting closer - do you have the  ENQSports  fccincinnati app (available in the Apple App Store, Google Pl… 
Snorlax till 01:11:04 (29m 45s). 73.33%. A/D/S: 11/15/7. Lick, Body Slam. 
Gulf Breeze medical marijuana moratorium to go into effect immediately  MedicalDagga
Health officials begin medical marijuana rules process  MedicalDagga
All Summer Long AMERICA IS BoeingCK 😎.  MAGA  POTUSTRUMP.    FOXNEWS.  FNC TWEET SHOW LIVE 😎 Let's get readddy 2 MAGA
Google lets you explore Petra in full 360 degrees with a new Cardb...  VR  VirtualReality 
 camharris_us 

The dishonesty--evil!--of the GOP

I hope you're happy with yourself.

Actions have consequences


 Archer_115  NextDoorArcher Ah no. They're not a continuum. :) Search for agnosticism and theism 2x2 table on Google Images. Hehe.
Here's what Obama plans to do after he leaves the White House 
BounceX: The Behavioral Marketing Leader Reshaping How Brands Target Consumers  DigitalMar… 
SMBs Plan to Increase Digital Marketing Budgets (Report)  DigitalMarketing 
 raulohimself  viztorhugo  CrankyNicon y Google Wave
Fired IT Employee Offered to Unlock Google Account — for  200K  sanfrancisco
I wonder how many years it's going to take google to add an alias for the GCE ubuntu-16-04 images
Google is doing a terrible job at shipping its Pixel smartphones - The Verge 
Enderby's Room - Lakeside  NowPlaying  6music
 twitter  Fabric joins  Google  firebase
10 Things To Know. Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (… 
Use comments to assign action items in a Google Doc: 
Hudson: Cultural Council awards  10K in grants 
The complete list of Google Home commands so far - CNET 
New post: "Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, GO… 
Gemphire Therapeutics Reports Inducement Grants Under NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c)(4) 
A €1tn scandal or money well spent: where does the EU budget go? | World news | The Guardian

Wld never run this now 
Survival & Emergency Preparedness  gobagwesley
Hurricane Diane Comes to Two River Theater 
How Did Kate Middleton React to Meghan Markle's Bohemian Birthday Gift? 
St. John's Grants Zach Brown Release From NLI 
Don't ever go to Google for medical questions. You'll end up saying goodbye to your loved ones and accepting your death
Kate Middleton shows off her new hairstyle as she joins William and Harry at charity event 
Four Hemingways walk into a bar 
What Apple, Google, And Tesla Get Wrong 
Yale Repertory Marks 50 Years As A Theater Incubator 
Cuomo wants to spend big on life sciences, a growing industry in Albany  gobagwesley
Cape Town Crushed It With Tourists This December – Check Out These Stats 
Anime hit 'your name." finally coming to theaters in US and Canada 
Researchers develop promising method for producing nanofibres to aid healing of bone fractures - News-Medical.… 
PHI Episode 33: Unexpected emergency Preparedness Hospital Drill  gobagwesley
 Poudii Google translate
Dale Soules: From Hair to Orange is the New Black 
payday loans online 
TEC to host monthly events in observance of 25th Anniversary 
So Moved: The Art and Science of Motion  art
Art Guild hosts guest speaker  art
For All Times  meaningfulwork
Bus Éireann proposes cuts to premium pay and overtime rates  meaningfulwork
KING: Time for New York to do right by Kalief Browder’s family - NY Daily News 
This woman is an idiot  potentialgrizzlies  
Google Maps will soon help you find parking: 
I Looked At My Partner's Google Search History And It Was Just Hundreds Of Questions About Bugles Corn Snacks
[Frenchs Forest] Machamp (IV: 55%) until 11:10:09AM at 63 Corymbia Circuit 
arystotle completed the quest Excerpt on mechanisms! 
[London] Hitmonchan (IV: 48%) until 12:10:07AM at 59 Westcombe Park Rd 
Two  Advance IoT Development Kit from NPX and Google    friday13th  IoT 
US scientists officially declare 2016 the hottest year on record. That makes three in a row.

What does the ideal website look like to Google? | 
Privacy Alert: NIST Updates Cybersecurity Framework to Address Supply Chain Security  CyberSecurity
All the Rita Moreno GIFs From One Day at a Time You Need in Your Life 
 Heavenexe  YouTube segun mis google translate skills mayo 9
35 Awesome Apps that Integrate with  GoogleClassroom! via  ShakeUpLearning
Want the 1st issue of the comic book series Earth Invasion for free ... here ya go on Google Play!

SearchCap: Google local pack ads, Bing Ads scheduling & Google Android offline searches 
Snorlax 53% (1/8/15) zen headbutt fast/earthquake) till 18:00:58 (20m 8s) 
Female Zebra Shark Separated From Mate Turns Asexual , Develops Ability To Have Babies On ...   asexual 
Scyther available until 07:10:19pm (29m 35s). Steel Wing / X Scissor (86.67% - 15/12/12) 
 OneWithNoEqual I had to google that shit 😂 are you admitting that I'm 'uniquely remarkable in some respect'? 🙄
Ask Google: WHO MADE THE POPE RETIRE? (or go to hell): via  YouTube
ellen page pls google for me dont feel like sorting thru results
BIO Section 5.4 Bell Ringer: Asexual Reproduction   asexual 
The references from the google hangout on the Trump Narcopalypse! 
Now that's my kinda program synthesis 😀! just kidding, but the google search with those words gave me some very mis… 
 rodfaris  MLB just google "why I won't vote for Curt Schilling"...Honestly makes me sick these writers put themselves above the players.
This is happening right now!  Google Pixel or  Apple iPhone 7 
Asexual !Sorey   asexual 
Created by PhotoGrid.

Android


iPhone


 happybirthday 
Google Gives Google+ Some Nips and Tucks 
Abra 93% (14/15/13) zen headbutt fast/shadow ball) till 
Fired IT Employee at Online Indiana College Offered to Help Unlock Google Account for  200K -… 
Dratini available until 07:09:10pm (28m 36s). Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail (93.33% - 15/13/14) 
Dragonite 11% (3/1/1) steel wing fast/dragon pulse) till 16:03:15 (22m 35s) 
Google Agrees to Buy Twitter Unit Called Fabric 
 ErinBurnett Can you please help Google is violating there privacy policy I can send more details but Twitter is limited
A wild Eevee has appeared! Available until 01:54:54 (14m 17s). 
Worshipping deep fried cheese curds in the era of Trump.   Trump has me searching for a new religion 
 google sexynudeebonywomen daughter and mom fucking 
YouTube Testing New In-App Chat Function to Boost Social Activity 
SearchCap: Google local pack ads, Bing Ads scheduling & Google Android offline searches brought to you by Cicor... 
Facebook Updates Desktop Messaging Inbox, Deepens Connection to Messenger 
Pinterest Announces Ad Groups for Campaigns 
Facebook’s Messenger Chief Outlines What’s Coming Next for the Platform 
Why is Mercedes Maker Daimler Buying a Bitcoin Business? 
Twitter sells Cambridge software division to Google - The Boston Globe 
i can't delete certain recent google searches?? i keep certain ones for a reason i can't have bullshit searches clogging up what's important
Fabric was acquired by Google!!! 😲
Mais apps do que o google play - Yareel 
Snorlax (IV: 42%) until 04:10:09PM at 10355 Mezzanino Ct 
New post (Is Google’s Knowledge Graph Secretly Damaging Your Content Marketing Efforts?) has been published on... 
google-site-verification: googled5ca05e3b77aa9cd.html
"New Google feature will change how you search forever" via Mashable! 
Google Search Appliance Migration is fully managed with SearchBlox 
[!!!] WATCH  방탄소년단 - Save ME MV » 
Suspended lawmaker has  50K bond on domestic <b>violence</b> charge  ExpressHatred
URTV: Coleraine RFC win Ulster Carpets Club of the Month  flooring
End The Severe headaches, Discover More About Employing A Carpets and rugs Solution  flooring
Compliance in the Cloud for New Financial Services Cybersecurity Regulations: 
Quit The Headaches, Find Out More About Hiring A Carpets and rugs Cleaner  flooring
Stop The Head aches, Discover More About Working With A Carpets and rugs More clean  flooring
End The Migraines, Read More About Hiring A Carpet Cleaner  flooring
7mm Laminate flooring 20m2 £275 fully fitted with underlay beading delivery door bar!  flooring
2 bedroom, one bath with new carpets, new paint, new appliances!  flooring
Google can I vote for henry ten times a day please
 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  Oop Up side Your Head  Gap Band  APPS Apple Google 
Google is buying most of Twitter’s developer products, including Crashlytics  Dubai  Tech  Digital  Inbound  Adver…
Blonde bombshell! Blac Chyna gets fitted for a blonde wig 
BUST: Massive Mall Sold For  100 At Foreclosure Auction... 
From Headline to Photograph, a Fake News Masterpiece 
Real reviews from  HoffmanNissan customers ✔ 
Magikarp available until 07:08pm (27m 41s). IVs: 95% (15/13/15 A/D/S). Moves: Splash / Struggle. 
Master Universitario en eLearning y Redes Sociales: Google Drive - Screencast   gesyrt12 
Donald Trump's first British interview in his own words on Brexit, Russia, refugees and Nato - Mirror Online 
 DYK We have five outpatient rehabilitation locations. Learn more about our Memorial Rehabilitation Institute: 
Faraday Future, once seen as a 'Tesla killer,' is said to be in shambles as cash runs low and ... 
Real Racing 3 Top Speed 283 kph Formula E Race Teams 
Hannn . Les commodores ...
Baby This Is Forever 
Wtf you tube deleted almost all my subs I went from 110-37 in 1 second  Google  YouTube
Danbury Police Looking For Robbery Suspect - WTNH Connecticut News (press release) -
Hot Trend: The Office  Google  Trend
NPR: 2016 Was The Hottest Year Yet, Scientists Declare. 
 BBE_Messiah You should be able to just google "IR in the present tense in Spanish" and it should pop up a link that has it.
Police looking for pharmacy robber - Fort Wayne Journal Gazette -
40% Aerodactyl
2/1/15
Exp:07:09:47pm
Lower Manhattan,10038 
Man robbed at gunpoint inside his car, police looking for suspects - -
Good domain possibility?: www.The ?? Its trending on google...
2017 Baseball Hall of Fame announcement results: Bagwell, Raines, Pudge get in. Congrats ! Jeff 😍😍😍 
Duterte: 'Priests Should Use' Methamphetamine Before Judging Drug War

Just posted a photo   Google Asia Pacific HQ 
Best Small Business Apps that Will Help Your Business in 2017 
Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team from Twitter | TechCrunch 
After  LaunchKit,  fabric is joining  Google 
Right now you may feel a burden. I can guarantee google can offer you justification or validation. Yet true answers are found in 🙏🏻
Binary options demo no sign up  binarytrading
Patriots Notes: Will Chris Hogan, Malcolm Mitchell Be Ready To Go Vs. Steelers?  patriotsnation
Profitable binary options strategies  binarytrading
DMan's picks for NFL Conference Championship Games ATS: Atlanta Falcons, New England Patriots  patriotsnation
Binary options south africa reviews - Binary options south africa reviews  binarytrading
Facebook, Google face strict EU privacy rules that could hit ad revenues 
Tom Price, Trump's HHS nominee, stock investment ethics questions 🤔🤔 
With little time for elaboration, Tom Brady already is in game-day mode  patriotsnation
Distributeur TechAccess in handen Exclusive Group 
Google's newly spun-out self driving car company no longer publishes monthly accident reports (GOOG, Google)  ROIMe…
 HealthEconNews The Republicans' Healthcare Answer -- The Purple Health Plan 
Google Android search app will keep trying your searches when your internet connection is poor
 HealthEconNews Goodman Institute: A Republican Plan Would "Insure Almost Everybody" 
Fitch Rates Philippines' USD Bond 'BBB-(EXP)' 
Argh. :( 
How Arizona Turned the Self Driving Car Into Its Golden Goose -   AI  Tech |  33rdsquare
[Hunters Hill] Flareon (IV: 44%) until 11:09:43AM at 8 Passy Ave 
Aluminum Material Information 
[Boon Lay] Snorlax (IV: 28%) until 08:08:13AM at 26 Tanjong Kling Rd 
The 5 Stages Startups Must Go Through to Make That First  1 Million - 
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM SpeedHermann - My Mind 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

Google acquires from Twitter -  Fabric dev platform,  Crashlytics, Answers analytics, Digits SMS and FastLane… 
This soft Robot hugs your heart to help keep it pumping  London  
 AimeeWinterss did you know because I find older guys more attractive I'm classed as a reverse pedophile 🤔 the shit you find on Google 😂
A wild Tangela appeared! It will be in Worthing until 12:26 AM.   0011Pogo1100 
If you remember X-Files, mind control, UFOa: CIA puts almost 12 million declassified files online for the 1st time 
Google reveals how it flagged 25,000 Android apps for malware: 
I just found a super rare 4-star card in Dragon Era! Join me and we shall get rich together!… 
Check out Kendall and Kylie!  kkgame 
01/18 18:39 / 7013 Woodbend Dr, RA / Assault (4B9) / -NO- / 038S / EMS5
 Tfalwell  gehrig38 Is this fake news?

Top story: Google acquires Fabric developer platform and team from Twitter  |  … see more 
Watch NASA's Prototype Mars Rover Cruise Along in 360-Degree Video - Inverse  UFO  UFOS
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow  coolmath  mathgames
"Google acquires Fabric from Twitter  TWTR  GOOG  Google" Google- Twitter coming soon 🤔🤔🤔💭 
Hands on BlackBerry DTEK60 vs Google Pixel  DTEK60  GooglePixel  Comparison  HandsOn  BlackBerry  BBRY  Google
Google acquires Fabric from Twitter...
 TWTR,  GOOG,  Google
My Double Entendre Success!  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  HLF  IEP  Google  KO  PEP  DIS  TWX  YHOO  GM  GE  ORCL  BoeingC  JPM  C
Today's free video recap and look ahead  spx  spy  iwm  nflx  baba  Aapl  googl  qqq  
T3 Live Daily Recap: New Points of Reference


 SPX  QQQ  IWM  BoeingC  JPM  GS  NFLX  AMZN  BoeingBoeing  Google
 Google  FB
Google just quietly went after mobile a little harder -- and it's just the start

My take via  cnnmoney 

 NFLX  FB  AMZN  Google  GS:

Cramer weighs in on what a Netflix blowout quarter means for FANG:


Check out r/tradingsystems on Reddit for info on trading systems:  Apple  TSLA  NFLX  AMZN  Google  VIX  SPY  VXX  FB
Baird says Twitter divestiture of Fabric makes sense:  TWTR  GOOG  Google
 GUMBY9662C  option_snipper yes  Google has always expensive in options. But I am still loving to play it ha cool
Alphabet Inc.  Google Position Raised by Security National Trust Co. 
Obermeyer Wood Investment Counsel Lllp Has  1,494,000 Stake in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
Huge Success on my Own Blog. Very Exciting!  Apple  KO  PEP  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  JNJ  Google  apri  dis  MSFT  NFLX
 BBRY  BlackBerry bought 6 companies on top of QNX, BBM, EMM, RADAR, Certicom & did buybacks with own cash, paid of… 
Mattel Finds New CEO Georgiadis at   Google  MAT  Google  WSJ  pziobro  JoannLublin
 option_snipper  deafdaytrader iI actually taded  Google as a  NFLX serigate tonight.  options just too expensive.
 Google 5min hitting XABCD D at 829.14 to the penny.

 Google,  FB,  GOOG,  AMZN which one u want to bet? get a free membership
Google's low-end, emerging market Android One phones are coming soon to a U.S. store near you.  Google
Apple Inc. Faces a New Threat to the iPhone 8 (Apple)    Apple  SSNLF  HNHPF  AMZN  S  Google… 
Google acquires Fabric from Twitter  TWTR  GOOG  Google
 deafdaytrader  NFLX is probably one of the only two ERs I wanna do. The other one is  Google.
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google HO LEE FOOK  Clueless8_Trading 
 Watchhimtrade still love  FB . I think it's tough to rule out the normal large players.I.E  Googl  Aapl  Amzn all will fight for this space
 Google  NFLX Not GOOD ..GREAT ! Multiple Winners:  TSLA  ICPT  ATHN  TSLA  SPX ... Tactical NOT Emotional 
 Google perfect setup alerted earlier by  Clueless8_Trading for calls into EOW should bounce with good  NFLX numbers 
Alphabet Inc.  Google Shares Sold by Dearborn Partners LLC 
 FilmProfessor9  NotaBubble  yusschr  GerberKawasaki don't be surprised  DIS or  Google buys  NFLX in the next 24 months. Need post Trump Dip
Google acquires Fabric from Twitter  TWTR  GOOG  Google 
10 Companies That Should Be in the Dow Jones  BRK.B  NEE  BLK  KHC  AMZN  Google  ADM  DE  GILD  COP  GOOG  BRK.A
 NFLX BOOM! Should help MOMO out for the rest of the month.  BoeingBoeing  Google  AMZN  FB
Facebook & YouTube dominate social media activity, but Snapchat is capturing the next generation… 
 Google - Google Agrees to Buy Twitter Unit Called Fabric -- 2nd Update 
I sold my  Google 830 call at 2.65 from 2.40 cool
App Stores Are a Booming Business, and Apple Dominates the Market  Apple  Google  FB  BIDU 
Benzinga: Should Alphabet's Larry Page Build A Relationship With President-Elect Trump?  GOOG  Google
 Walmart  AMZN  IBM  Google  FB:

Your Clothes Will Be on the Radio:


Should Alphabet's Larry Page Build A Relationship With President-Elect Trump?  GOOG  Google
Recent  Google technical alerts: Slingshot Bullish plus 2 more alerts... 
 SPY LOL   EOD "just cuz we feel like it" ramp  SPX  DIA  DJIA  QQQ  IWM  TLT  NFLX  AMZN  FB  GOOG  Google  Apple  stocks  stockmarket  CMG
 GOOG  Google:

Should Alphabet’s Larry Page Build A Relationship With President …:


Amazon’s Echo: Will A.I. Replace Apps? Asks Baird - Tech Trader Daily - Barron's  AMZN  Google  Apple  MSFT 
Or unless  Google reaches 828 I will be happy
I guess I will hold my  Google 830 call overnight cuz I am still liking one hour chart. Cool
Don't feel like a loser if you missed the Trump stock surge. Watch for potential buy points for  FB  Google  Boeing… 
Shares of Twitter were nearly flat after it agreed to sell app-developing tool Fabric to Alphabet:… 
Okay how come we don't know what  TWTR got for the sale of Fabric to  Google
IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Increases Stake in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
10 Companies That Should Be in the Dow Jones  AMZN  Google  BLK ... 
Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  Google
I always saw the potential 
since 2014
just had to be patient

 TWTR ->  Google + More Coming...

MnA
 cpowerfitness  HasBeijink I've been saying that  Google can't likely acquire  TWTR outright because of regulators, deal wouldn't pass
 FB  Google:

Brands are still skeptical about Facebook’s video ads:


Let the  twtr buyout rumors begin  goog  googl  crm  aapl 
Why  IBM,  AMGN,  Google, &  GILD Have Little to Gain With Trump In Charge |  Apple  
Everyone is falling for this scarily effective Gmail scam  Google 
If they wanted  TWTR they would buy them...if they are buying a piece of twitter they don't want TWITTER.  Google 
Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  GOOG  TWTR  Google
 NFLX  AMZN  FB  Google  Apple S&P fut. suggesting upside, Fed Beige book market positive,  GS recovery would help 
 Google - Google Agrees to Buy Twitter Unit Called Fabric -- Update 
 TWTR selling fabric means: decreased chance of taking over the world. Increased chance of take-over by  Google.
 APRI  GLBS  X big movers today  stocks  stockmarket  investing  finance  daytrader  daytrading  QQQ  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  FB  GOOG  Google  SPY
 Google Powerful chart setup so long as NFLX doesn't damage it tomorrow
 Google - Google Agrees to Buy Twitter Unit Called Fabric 
Mattel names Google executive Margaret Georgiadis as CEO, succeeding Sinclair  MAT  Google  via  WSJ  girlpower
🔜🔓Google acquires Fabric from Twitter    TWTR  GOOG  Google  🗝️
 GOOG  Google:

Mattel Just Poached A Top Google Executive To Lead The Toy …:


 Google  TWTR Google Agrees to Buy Twitter mobile development project Fabric via  WSJ  --> 
Google acquires Fabric from Twitter (we are close).

 Google  GOOG  TWTR  QQQ  FDN  SOCL  MSFT  XLK  VGT  CRM  Apple


 TWTR What's up with  Fabric selling to  Google for an undisclosed amount?  Both are publically traded companies?  Sweetheart deal?
MarketCurrents: Google acquires Fabric from Twitter  TWTR  GOOG  Google
Google acquires Fabric from Twitter  TWTR  GOOG  Google  sitifatimah  malaysia  financialplanning
 Intel  GPS  Google  AMZN  MSFT:

Robots, on-demand knitting and smart shelves: Welcome to the …:


Facebook pulls plug on ad-buying service test, cites "bad ads and fraud"  FB  GOOG  Google  FUEL
Headed south of border soon so not doing much.  Adding call to  GS as she pulls back - want sub  120s.  otherwise nothing ex  Google earnings
 Google  GOOG  TWTR:

Google Agrees to Buy Twitter Unit Called Fabric:


Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  GOOG  TWTR  Google 
Mattel names Google executive Margaret Georgiadis as CEO, succeeding Sinclair  MAT  Google  via  WSJ
 deafdaytrader   Google really hard to play here.  NFLX's ER likely will either destroy its consolidation or push it to b/o.
 Google plays with 200ema up and down all day in 10 min chart ha
 AMZN  Google:

Amazon’s Echo: Will A.I. Replace Apps? Asks Baird:


Equinix: The Founder's Vision Finally Comes True  GOOG  Google  VZ  EQIX
So  Google adds some firepower to growing the Play Store and developer community... not bad. So... who buys  TWTR now?
And there goes the reason for  googl to buy  TWTR 
 Alphabet passes  selfdriving  car sensor milestone  google  goog  googl  autonomous  vehicle  drones  drone  Waymo
 roblandreth i alway said  Google and  TWTR would be a perfect match.
Alphabet buys Twitter unit Fabric  Google  TWTR 
 Apple  FB  Google  NKE  MSFT  AMZN trade 4x-23x book value with that multiple  SNE  SONY should trade btw  80 to  450
 hannahkuchler Interesting that  TWTR has been talking to  Google This sale protects some employees and makes  TWTR a cleaner acquisition.
 Google  TWTR:

Alphabet (Google) Buys Twitter (TWTR) Unit Fabric:


Alphabet buys Twitter unit Fabric...Perhaps a sign of something bigger?  Google  TWTR
 TWTR moving up nice now.  GOOG  Google  Fabric
 TGT Ya lucky bastards  optionstrading  options  investing  finance  stocks  stockmarket  earnings  QQQ  SPY  Apple… 
Google Buys Mobile App Tool Fabric From Twitter: BBG  twtr  googl
Alphabet  Google Buys Twitter  TWTR Unit Fabric 
businessinsider: Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  GOOG  TWTR  Google 
Posted by: SAI  Web  Tech Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  GOOG  TWTR  Google … 
Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  GOOG  TWTR  Google < www.lividul.i…
Posted by: SAI  Tech Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  GOOG  TWTR  Google 
businessinsider: Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  GOOG  TWTR  Google  B…
Business LOTP update: businessinsider: Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  GOOG  TWTR  Google …
 TWTR  GOOG  Google 
Twitter just sold its developer platform to Google  GOOG  TWTR  Google  technology  ilovet…
Tickers mentioned in Wednesday's linkfest:  NKE  Apple  Walmart  FB  AMZN  Google  MSFT  TLT 
Valeant Bingo!  AGN  VRX  KO  TWTR  Apple  MYL  Merck  GE  GM  AMGN  Google  FB  AMZN  SPY  SPX  IEP  HLF 
 Google buying Fabric from  TWTR  1st step in a complete takeover?   GOOG
 Apple  BoeingC  CAKE  EXEL  HD  HIIQ  HUN  JACK  JPM  MO  AGN  VRX  KO  TWTR  Apple  MYL  Merck  GE  GM  AMGN  Google  FB… 
Google Top news - Jan 18th, 2017  Google 
Important earnings dates for you  GOOG  Google 
businessinsider: Google Assistant could get payment capabilities  GOOG  Google 
Google Assistant could get payment capabilities  GOOG  Google < >
Google Assistant could get payment capabilities  GOOG  Google 
Business LOTP update: businessinsider: Google Assistant could get payment capabilities  GOOG  Google …
clusterstock: Google Assistant could get payment capabilities  GOOG  Google 
Google Assistant could get payment capabilities  GOOG  Google by  BIIntelligence 
 NFLX  Netflix signs Jerry Seinfeld  stocks  stockmarket  earnings  investing  AMZN  QQQ  FB  GOOG  Google  SPY  DIA
 FCAU  GOOG  Google:

Very Strong U.S. Minivan Sales: Fiat Chrysler Now As Large As …:


Benzinga: Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning Could Threaten Apps  AMZN  BIDU  CRM  Google  FB  MSFT  Intel  T…
2 Tech Earnings Reports to Watch  IBM  GOOG  Google 
Why Yandex N.V. Stock Popped 29.5% in 2016:  GOOG  Google  YNDX
Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning Could Threaten Apps  AMZN  BIDU  CRM  Google  FB  MSFT  Intel  TSLA
How  Google Tracks You, What They Keep, How You Can Ge3t a Copy |  onlinePrivacy  Google  youtube  analytics

This is one of the most relevant articles about  Google now. Google made a brilliant pivot to turn around its self... 
 IBM  GOOG  Google:

2 Tech Earnings Reports to Watch:


I bought  Google 830 call at 2.40 for 2 days
 NFLX 131.61 [11am]
sideways range for last hr
see if can get support here nLod

 FB  Google  AMZN
patiently wait for it to pick direction
3 Reasons You Should Buy Alphabet Stock in 2017  Google  GOOG 
bought  googl at 825.40,  trade
 games Hold the Key to Teaching  AI -  Intel  Google  GOOG  MSFT  ibm  investing  ArtificialIntelligence  investor 
Live Streaming,  Hulu opens beta testing of live TV service -  NFLX  Apple  Google  FB via  TheStreet
Still stalking  MSFT as I like the  1 trillion cloud potential. 3 players.  AMZN  Google  MSFT will lead
Jefferies Group Reiterates Buy Rating for Alphabet Inc.  Google 
Re/Code discusses the potential for tech giant to buy  SonyPictures via  recode by  edmundlee  SNE  AMZN  FB  Google
Trump may tap Utah AG Sean Reyes for  FTC Chairman; had asked for anti-trust lawsuit into Google by  TonyRomm  Google
 Google in case you have not noticed yet, 21MA on daily just moves upward after flattening in the past few days cons… 
 SPY 6 keys to  trading success  DIA  Apple  GOOG  Google  NFLX  stocks  stockmarket  finance  investing  daytrader… 
 trade should a buy  amzn at 807 this morning, almost did, it hit 811 a few minutes after, but still watching  FB,  Google and  AMZN
Alphabet Inc.  Google Shares Bought by Global X Management Co. LLC 
Games Hold the Key to Teaching Artificial Intelligence Systems  Intel  GOOG  MSFT  Google 
 PCLN Strong Buy Today. On the Radar as well
 TSLA  Apple  FB  SPY  AMZN  Google
 MAT  Google  GRPN  MA:

Google is losing an ads star as Margo Georgiadis moves to Mattel:


Alphabet Inc.  Google Rating Reiterated by Robert W. Baird 
Toy Fair still month away. But Hasbro & Mattel on fire.  HAS up 9% YTD.  MAT, which just hired  Google exec Margo Georgiadis as CEO, up 11%.
Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Sells 2,398 Shares of Alphabet Inc.  Google 
Why Alphabet Inc (Google) stock is likely to outperform in 2017  brianwwu  Google  GOOG 
MUST READ: Top trading & investment resources. Link:  Google  BIIB  SD  COKE  YGE  ALK  SVU  RL  CP&G  APO
9 Facts You Didn't Know About Driverless Cars  Google,  NVDA,  NSANY,  TSLA,  GOOG 
 Google:

This Startup Is Making the Doctor’s Office of the Future:


EARLY MOVERS:  LOW  UAL  QCOM  JCP  HPE  PSON  CCO  WDC  GOOG  Google  GS  NFLX  ADBE  TGT  CSX  BRKA - CNBC 
Daily Stock Market News Digest for Jan. 18th  GS  TGT  UAL  CSX  NFLX  ADBE  QCOM  WDC  Google CHARTS & DISCUSSION... 
Daily Stock Market News Digest for Jan. 18th  GS  TGT  UAL  CSX  NFLX  ADBE  QCOM  WDC  Google CHARTS & DISCUSSION -… 
The Bear Case for Alphabet  Google 
The bear case for Alphabet  Google 
 GOOG  Google:

Games Hold the Key to Teaching Artificial Intelligence Systems:


Cover  teva Short  AGN Long  VRX ?  AGN  VRX  TWTR  Apple  TWTR  MYL  Merck  KO  PEP  AMGN  Google  SPY  SPX  QQQ  FB  SRPT  BLUE  IEP  PFE  JPM
Will Allergan's  15MM "Speeding Ticket" be a Valeant  1B Windfall?
 agn  vrx  myl  mrk  twtr  aapl  amgn  iep  hlf  ko  pep  googl  amzn
TTG FREE premarket trading analysis this week, levels to watch  SPY  QQQ  Apple  FB  Google  NFLX, etc 
ROOM IS OPEN:… 
Some Early movers/news | CNBC

 GS  C  TGT  UAL  CSX  NFLX
 ADBE  QCOM  WDC  Google
 HPE  LOW  JCP  KSS  JWN  CCJ


CenturyLink's M&A Adds Value, But Not For Everyone  ATNI  CNSL  EGHT  FTR  Google  LVLT  RNG  T  VZ  WSTC  CTL
Sentry Investment Management LLC Has  19,375,000 Stake in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
Alphabet, inc. _  googl stock _ ready to run_ - warrior trading news  As of late, Google has been trading in a relatively tight range ...
Alexa Gives Amazon a Powerful Data Advantage  AMZN  Google  GOOG  MSFT 
WSJbusiness: Mattel names Google executive Margaret Georgiadis as CEO, succeeding Sinclair  MAT  Google pziobro Joa… 
Mattel names Google executive Margaret Georgiadis as CEO, succeeding Sinclair  MAT  Google pziobro JoannLublin … 
Mattel names Google executive Margaret Georgiadis as CEO, succeeding Sinclair  MAT  Google pziobro JoannLublin 
Mattel names Google executive Margaret Georgiadis as CEO, succeeding Sinclair  MAT  Google  pziobro  JoannLublin 
 Google  FB:

McKinsey commits to London with long-term office deal:


Il Nuovo CEO di Mattel - Google executive Margaret Georgiadis as new CEO, succeeding Sinclair  MAT  Google  via  WSJ
5 Top Home Automation Investments  themotleyfool  stocks  Apple,  Google,  AMZN,  CMCSA,  CTRL 
Ngam Advisors L.P. Boosts Stake in Alphabet Inc.  Google 
 Google double-top breakout:
- New "Bullish" P&F price objective of   954 -  Tech  Business… 
How Google Tracks You - And What You Can Do About It  Google 
 Google - Mattel Finds Its New CEO at Google -- WSJ 
Tues highest Call & Put ratio vs OI. CALL -  AMZN  BoeingC  AKS  CELG  GILD  CL  BX  DF  AAWW. PUT -  TSLA  BP  AMZN… 
 Google  stocks  stockmarket  investing  business  tech 
 DRYS heh  pennystocks  stockmarket  stocks  finance  investing  daytrading  daytrader  Apple  AMZN  GOOG  SPY… 
Exploiting Earnings Volatility by Brian Johnson:  options  trading  earnings  Apple  SPY  VIX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
Mattel names Google executive Margaret Georgiadis as CEO, succeeding Sinclair  MAT  Google  vía  WSJ
 Google  stocks  stockmarket  investing  business  tech  virtualreality 
Mattel names Google executive Margaret Georgiadis as CEO, succeeding Sinclair  MAT  Google  
 _ms_izzy   FB is not a safe bet to play at this level. I'd rather play  Apple  Google lol:D
 WTW,  VXX,  TSLA,  JPM,  Google,  BoeingC,  AMZN,  GS - Market Commentary For Wednesday, Jan 18  
How  Google Tracks You And What You Can Do About It  Google 
 _ms_izzy yes. I think  NFLX will actually impact the whole  XLK including  FB  AMZN  Google  Apple plus  DIS
Is Allergan Blaming it on Their Children? 
 agn  myl  mrk  vrx  twtr  aapl  ko  pep  amgn  jnj  blue  nvs  googl 
Important earnings dates for you  VZ  CAT  AMZN  Boeing  P&G  MS  F  T  JNJ  GOOG  Google  HD  Intel  NVDA  IBM  DIS  GE… 
Google is making a big push to fix some of Android's biggest problems in the fight with iPhone
-
 Apple  Google
Watchlist for Wednesday Jan 18:  NFLX  Apple  TSLA  Google  FSLR  BIDU. Tmr's ER prediction:  GS down to  230-233,  NFLX up to  144-147.
FREE REPORT
How do  equity  investment  HedgeFunds see  stocks
 Google  AMZN  Apple  BRK  XOM
in the coming weeks?… 
 Google after a failed b/o last Fri, it pulled back to bull flag area again today. Technicals indicate more consolid… 
 GOOGl held where it needed to. On the go to list tomorrow. 
Don't look now but the FANG Gang might be ready to start trending UP.  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  QQQ  SPY  trading… 
 SNE  SONY reports Feb 2, 2017
Q3 2016 Sony Corp Earnings Call - 4:25PM GMT do you think they'll.. Apple  FB  MSFT  AMZN  Google  T  C  nikkei
 Apple  FB  Google  NKE  MSFT  AMZN trade 4x-23x book value with that multiple  SNE  SONY should trade btw  80 to  450  nikkei
5 Top Home Automation Investments  CTRL  AMZN  GOOG  Google  CMCSA  Apple 
