 JamesSACorey you should be able to convert your DRMed music to non-DRM 
 Bwana86  NetworksManager  marisal001 Just as I stated ,try reading & researching topics 
SOUTH-Bulbasaur: A wild Bulbasaur ! Available until 18:13:11 (13m 19s). 
Washington don't miss the registration deadline!  MAGA3X  Trump2016  GOTV  Cernovich  DonaldJTrumpJr   RNRWashington 
Busy Google day  SalemESVB  apr_paras  rpalasz1  vbits 
 Google wants you to forget about typing and talk directly to it, reports James Walker. ► 
Do you know what   KABEDON is? ；）
Seems like a cool Japanese culture　X)

 TSmoove_20 shoutout to google translate 🙃🙃🙃
Is MoneyBug’s distressed home sale service your new competition?
Screw Google 
X-Laser2 in your Android device!
Scyther has appeared near 1213-1399 Chelsea Ave, 48915! Available until 20:04:19 (4m 24s). 
 _callmelulu_ there's a google phone ?
 CNNPolitics GoogleE=ALL=MEXICANS+RAPISTS+TRUMP
Just another easy adventure~ >_<   Android: iOS:
A wild Porygon has appeared! Available until 17:13:10 (13m 12s). 
BREAKING NEWS!
Exeggutor has appeared near Skyline Park!
Hurry, it will vanish at 7:13 PM!
Fast Company: Google’s Immaterial Design 
Also, if you can throw in a Google Home or 3, a Google Wifi that works with BT or 3, a Daydream View and a Chromecast Ultra, even better!
Homeschool kids enjoy the library: >>reporter lisa rand is the youth services coordinator at the boyertown co... 
 google_dre how does that happen?
Decatur schools prepare for WSOY Food Drive 
A wild Turtok has appeared! Available until 02:14:37 (14m 49s). 
 czarfalcon  sweden it also isnt exclusively good. So you have no point either. Also...
 junior85 please elaborate! the Google result is for a private equity firm and I don't want to go there
Another fine night at Gastonia Street Ministry! 
Yup, the iPhone 7 crushes Google’s new Pixel phones 
Seven reasons the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 beats the Google Pixel for the enterprise  thexeon
 Google will not make a  Twitter bid;  Apple bid unlikely - sources:  tech  takeover  social
 TrailhawkRaven How bout  
I made this beatiful drawing with Moy 4 - Virtual Pet Game! 
A wild Rhydon has appeared! Available until 17:14:36 (14m 48s). 
 eBusiness Seven reasons the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 beats the Google Pixel for the enterprise 
Seven reasons the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 beats the Google Pixel for the enterprise: The new Google Pixel phone... 
This is Jany 
I'm finding the hidden words and training my brain.  wordscrush 
Thanks Google for writing all the words I want really wanted to say.
Seven reasons the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 beats the Google Pixel for the enterprise 
Charter, like AT&T, sues Louisville to stall Google Fiber: Charter also claims 1st Amendment violation of right to… 
Groove to the top of the charts in Gravitone  indiedev  gamedev  arcade  android 
WAIT WAIT WAIT. IS DENNIS MILLER'S AVI REALLY HIM WEARING GoogleE GLASS??? UNIRONICALLY??!?!! 
I wish Google bought 😕
SOUTH-Koffing: A wild Koffing ! Available until 18:13:25 (13m 58s). 
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 17:14:23 (14m 48s). 
Julian Assange Vows U.S. Election Bombshell. 
40billion:
Looking for an affordable alternative to  Google Adwords? Go to 
— 40Billion (40billion) October 5, 20…
Future Google Devices Will Likely Ship With Custom Silicon 
A wild Snorlax has appeared! Available until 17:14:24 (14m 49s). 
Will you be buying the Google Pixel or Pixel XL? [Poll] 
 SonomaaBG  EricTrem I have been resorting to old school search by Google as a workaround.
How to charge Google Play purchases to your cell phone bill - 
it backed up on google photos and.
Jigglypuff has appeared near 601 Sadie Ct, 48906! Available until 20:11:36 (12m 9s). 
 soradicchio woah. is it this one? 
Twitter Wants to Finish Sale Negotiations Before Oct. 27th  Facebook  android  app go to 
Recommend your friends that would be an ideal Student Brand Ambassador - 
Google Releases New Smartphone Called Pixel - Daily Caller Read More 
My phone comes on if I say "Ok, Google." Does that mean  google is listening all the time?
If this isn't enough to make sure Trump isn't elected then I don't know what is-THIS IS HORRIFYING!!  NeverPence 
A wild Squirtle appeared!
It will be near the Verizon On Conant until 8:12 PM.
 Squirtle  PokemonGo
The new Google Pixel phone is focused on Google Assistant, but there features in the Note 7 that make it ...  FF
Great day of Google training in the library with our elementary staff. Thanks  amollica and see you in November for Google Boot Camp!
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 17:14:08 (14m 48s). 
IPhone  
How  Google’s RankBrain Algorithm Affects  SEO in 2016 
Hey  google, if you want to send a Google Pixel XL to the UK for us to test, we'd really appreciate it. And by we, I mean me.  MadeByGoogle
 Vintage  Retro  80s Why the Pixel phone isn't called the Google Phone - CNET 
Review Your Cross-Scripting Defenses with 2 New Google Tools -   
Lam Research, KLA-Tenor Call Off Merger on Antitrust Concerns: KLA said in its statement that the com...  merger
 StamfordGuru City removes homeless campers from Seattle playfield
 StamfordGuru Wednesday Winners (& Losers)
Will Google's Pixel give the iPhone a run for its money? Watch out Apple...  hankwasiak  hwusc 
Is the great Pacific garbage heap on google earth yet? Can't find it
 Advertising
 SEO  marketing  Tools How  Google’s RankBrain Algorithm Affects  SEO in 2016 …
Google Maps 
Unfortunately for Pence and Trump, Google exists. 
businessinsider: Twitter stock plunges 10% after hours on report that Google won't make a bid … 
When you dial somebody on a Google phone, is there an "I'm Feeling Lucky" buttoe? Ttat would be great for single people.
 read_n_write  daveskoster check out goodreads. Or just google "author quotes about writing & mental illness." See what comes up.
 EmperorBigD  mariofanboy15 which is another thing people can just do a Google search takes like 5 minutes
Twitter stock plunges 10% after hours on report that Google won't make a bid 
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? - CNET  TEAMFOLLOWBoeingCK
Okay so I'm convinced that I need the new Google phone but I just ordered a 6s+ 🙃
Rapidash at 32.75980223238466, -117.12385562357899! Until 05:09:34pm (10m 27s). 
Personal assistants are ushering in the age of AI at home - Engadget - 
As Buyers Circle, Could Twitter Be Better Off As A Non-Profit? 
Seven reasons the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 beats the Google Pixel for the enterprise follow==> djawinet
Carport fire believed to be arson, police seek suspect  GrandRapids
And Google is still free. So annoying 
Google releases open source 'Cartographer' 
 StrangerThings - Father Demands Cash From Agents...  I tweeted before about a bad feeling re  milliebbrown life.
Independent GPhC September 2016 Feedback Form 
 GPHC  BPSA  CnD  RPS  PREREG2016  PREREGEXAM2016  GPHC2016
 madison Samsung joins digital assistant race with acquisition of Viv 
I liked a  YouTube video Introducing Daydream View, VR Headset by Google
Like... google is free and easily accessible. I don't know why y'all refuse to use it. 
Hitmonchan at 8 Raffles Ave, [Downtown Core] up til 8:12:07AM.  
[Downtown Core] Hitmonchan until 8:12:07AM at 8 Raffles Ave 
 Digg Google Is Listening 
Hurricane Matthew Sparks Widespread Theater Closures in South Florida: 
A decent Pinsir (13 / 5 / 6) has appeared! Available until 07:08:04pm (9m 4s). 
Wigglytuff till 05:13:37pm (14m 47s) 
 IV:71.11% A:11 D:6 S:15 
 M1:Pound M2:Play Rough 
Member Log in Membership Username Password Concept: Member Log in Membership Username Password Concept - Stoc... 
Strategy Analytics: Amazon, Google to Ship Nearly 3 Million Digital Voice Assistant Devices in 2017  amazon 
Microlennials
 Micro Eyes you see the words on all the products micro and nano. But not the real thing. 
Micro Eyewear Inc
GoogleE IT
 auspol The rise&rise of  MichaelRimmer.
MR becomes PM.
What can happen when the people have their say.
A wild Raichu has appeared! Available until 17:12:38 (13m 38s). 
Donald Trump is a top economist, according to Google     - CNET  pcmixnet
Made in FUT 17 DRAFT app by PacyBits
Download for Android:
All of  Google's new products share a common element: is designed to pull together all of Google’s disparate ... 
 Google echoes  Apple in hardware- Software gambit: as Google would point out, leverages the artificial intel... 
AUD/USD is at critical 0.76 level ahead of trade balance 
Fed's Fischer says wider economic effort needed to aid growth 
U.S. government health plans spent over  1 billion on EpiPens over five years 
…: google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1837596250745322"; google_ad_slot = "6832424459"; google_ad… 
 LiisaLm wow nice one you managed to google the name of a film
 googlenexus  MKBHD 
"The next chapter is here." Oh pls Google a Pixel & a VIP tour w/Marques would be so dope.  RIPNexus  HelloPixelSweeps
Appeal filed in small cities school case - Utica Observer Dispatch: Appeal filed in small cities school caseU... 
Elementary Spiritual Emphasis Week with Jake on the worship team playing guitar...and lower elementary... 
Four Important Google Drive Updates Teachers Should Know about 
Akrotiri Frescoes…: google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1837596250745322"; google_ad_slot =… 
 IamSirAndres if you're going to get a new phone might as well as get a Samsung or even try the new Google phone
The AI Revolution: Why You Need to Learn About Deep Learning: Leaders need to start planning now for arti...  ai
Samsung to acquire AI platform developer Viv: Samsung Electronics will acquire open artificial intelligen...  ai
Get the Dratini at 1388 E Court St! Available until 19:12:48 (13m 45s). 
Rhydon  71 % a/d/s 11 8 13 mv: Mud Slap Stone Edge until 05:13:36pm (14m 52s). 
Cedar Rapids museum to feature Wright-inspired exhibition  art  museums
Fill out the Instructional Advocacy form to let us know the work you're doing in your settings.  CoreAdvocates
Kimbell Art Museum to showcase works from Monet's early years  art  museums
Art Museum of the University of Memphis Exhibit 'May Surprise You'  art  museums
A wild Magmar has appeared! Available until 17:12:29 (13m 41s). 
A wild Relaxo has appeared! Available until 02:11:08  (12m 20s). 
RHOP Dentistry students visit UNMC: Students met with current faculty and students at the College of Dentistr... 
Artist Michael Haykin re-examines Earth's often overlooked elements in UA Art Museum exhibit ...  art  museums
A wild Poliwrath has appeared near: 7331 98 St! Available until 06:12pm (13m 59s). 
A wild Marowak (0 / 7 / 3) has appeared! Available until 07:13:36pm (14m 47s). 
Hmm....
I kinda need something
like this soon. Pretty! ❤
google how does my bff slash employee grow a moustache at will and how do i also do this
 adwords I'm still not understanding how Google can claim there are more people using Google in a suburb of Seattle than the pop of WA.
How Upwork Patches An iOS App On The Fly 
A wild Jolteon has appeared in Pasadena! Available until 05:13:35pm (14m 47s).  PokeSanGabriel  PokemonGo 
Google’s new Pixel has a huge advantage over other Android phones 
If you haven't checked out  edutechguys yet you are missing out! These guys are the real deal. Love the Google tips!  edchat   edtech
UP elections: How Shivpal Yadav is using ticket distribution to override Akhilesh in SP - via
 GKBesterfriend SEO imposes huge maintenance costs, as Google has to try as hard as they can just to stay at the same quality.
 careerFair Students network, job hunt at UWO Career Fair: OSHKOSH - University of Wisconsin Oshk...  internship
 careerFair Sam Pimper, Fremont Tribune: Kellee Rasmussen, school to career coordinator, said tha...  internship
Google's immaterial design: by  ctrlzee via  FastCoDesign
 careerFair Opening a world of opportunities: Michelle Durant found herself encouraged by the div...  internship
It Takes a Teacher 
 careerFair LEARN AND LIVE: You've got career questions? We've got answers: On a less tangential ...  internship
 automobile  q5 2017 Audi Q5 review: The Audi Q5, a decent, nicely built, but somewhat unspectacular ...  audiq5
⒍ Thailand
⒎  TheLanguageArchive
⒏  TheFlash
⒐ Google
⒑  Pixel
2016/10/6 07:54 MYT  trndnl 
ThankYouBernie: GottaBernNow LeeCamp Yahoo and i'm wondering if this big story is Google trying to distract from it's recently being outed …
'Fixed' Samsung Note 7 catches fire on plane  bugger 
Was kinda hopeful that embedding a tweet in a google doc would just work. Feels like it should be a thing.
. maya_sen just tweeted some good tips for job market candidates -  1 is crucial - in hiring committee mtgs, I use… 
Medford Busker Really Wants to Perform With Tim Kaine - Patch.comMedford Busker Reall... 
 Wikileaks  Assange Here's why Wikileaks' Julian Assange wants to take down Google
Medford Capital Plan draft calls for new police station, Medford Square garage - Wicked Local Medford: Medfor... 
 Wikileaks Here's why Wikileaks' Julian Assange wants to take down Google   FollowNewsNow
The Paris Agreement Enters into Force – Now What!: World leaders agree that urgent climate action is a necess... 
How to Update and Root Nexus 6P on NBD90X Android 7.0 Nougat: Google may have replaced its Nexus lineup with ... 
Put a question about climate in the next Presidential debate: 2016 is the hottest year in recorded history, a... 
Pixel's best features aren't coming to the new version of Android: At Google's hardware event this week, the ... 
King Obama Celebrates His Climate Accord: 'History May Judge Today As The Turning Point For ...: Touting his ... 
 brownsville The State of Texas: Invasion Of The Clowns 
Statement on Paris Climate Agreement: WASHINGTON—House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) issued the following statemen... 
Sweet (and healthy) treats for fall: Use your imagination and turn some of your favorite dessert recipes into... 
What to do if your data is held hostage  TradeGoX
IBM Invests  200 Million in Watson IoT Blockchain Development  TradeGoX
Jeff Garzik: “Blockstream Will Help Bitcoin Grow into The Future”  TradeGoX
We take you to the frontlines of Ukraine& 39;s proxy war between the West and Russia 
I liked a  YouTube video from  mattmoniz Google Pixel / Pixel XL Hands On and First Impressions!
Billionaire Bill Gross Thinks Bitcoin Looks Better Every Day  TradeGoX
& 39;It& 39;s like living in a war zone& 39;: Westmont grows more weary of violence after… 
Wallingford Man Steals More Than 10K Usernames, Passwords in Dark Web Phishing Scheme: Feds  TradeGoX
Man shot during suspected terror attack in Brussels is & 39;Arabic ex-soldier who had… 
SAARC must address terror, says Sri Lanka 
Wallingford man charged with stealing bitcoins on dark web  TradeGoX
It's blocked me but be aware this one walks amongst us. Interesting to google, Dean Barrett Glanville Fortescue. Sh… 
In riposte to Sharif, India says Pak. remains attached to terror 
Lol  dareanderae and I  virtually working on a review together on google doc has ended in us chatting back n forth on it lol
Most young terrorist recruitment is linked to social media, DOJ official says 
Is Bitcoin Being Used for Chinese Capital Flight?  TradeGoX
The Google Cast app for Chromecast is getting renamed as Google Home - Phone Arena 
ETF price war escalates as BlackRock fires broadside at rivals 
Volunteer for  MentalHealthPH! 
Sign up here: 
 pigeonFOO buy LOTS AND LOTS OF my porn because I am a spoiled shit and I want one of the fancy tech fridges that you can Google shit from
LeT operative gets life imprisonment for plotting terror attacks in Bengaluru 
Delaware libraries to add online incorporation service 
The Pueblo Chess Club to host tourney at the Daily Grind Cafe: The Pueblo Chess Club and the Daily Gri...  Chess
A wild Rhydon! Available until 07:04:10pm (5m 41s) IV:15% 1:Rock Smash 2:Earthquake. 
Joe Myers Toyota PreOwned: **Now Hiring** 2 Auto Sales Internet Professionals Joe Mye... 
Chess Rules in Film "Queen of Katwe": Many films about Africa tell about violence and war. But the new...  Chess
Never knew who Ricky Vaughn was. Had to Google & read an interview.  FreeRicky my ass, get him outta here.
Yo Sports Stuff: Flint school has NFL theme for Count Day: Districts sometimes offer incentives to encourage ... 
T-Mobile CEO Legere wants to give away a trip to Mars 
 libcce  zhao_shirley Here ya go:  will be putting up in speaker deck properly later in the week
A wild Tangela has appeared! Available until 16:58:35  (0m 8s). 
Madonna feat. Justin Timberlake & Timbaland - 4 Minutes (Bob Sinclar Space Funk Remix) 
Personal assistants are ushering in the age of AI at home - Engadget 
Everyone go purchase  ThisIsWar on iTunes and Google Play for only  0.99!! 
So cheer isn't a sport? Google says otherwise 
Anti-Donald Trump activists set sights on US expats in Vancouver: VANCOUVER – An activist group's camp...  Expat
The real reason Google’s fancy new products are so cheap 
Leslie Rutledge:  HillaryClinton ‘Would Lie Even When the Truth Would Serve Her Better’  realDonaldTrump  
 JamesSACorey I used Amazon to import all my iTunes (they have a specific tool for it in fact) and buy through there and Google Play.
 NatBornCdn  gmbutts Never trust a Liberal for anything in life. Further never trust a CB Liberal. Worst kind. Google Butts for evil.
Introducing Pixel, Phone by Google via  YouTube
 ryan24richards  Jay_Blue24 that wad easy.  This is while they were a last place team also  anything else?
I just found out that Vancouver will have the world's largest Christmas light maze, this year. It's all too much...  
Twitter Crashes After Google, Apple Reportedly Pull Bid 
 DolceFemmeAnita Hope this makes you feel better! 
A wild Magneton has appeared! Available for 0m 55s. 
Hands On: Google Chromecast Ultra 
Personal assistants are ushering in the age of AI at home - Engadget  technology
 GottaBernNow  LeeCamp  Yahoo and i'm wondering if this big story is Google trying to distract from it's recently being outed as shilling4H
Pixel, le smartphone 100% Google 
Here's why Wikileaks' Julian Assange wants to take down Google via  Recode
Never a dull moment at VanDusen Botanical Garden: VanDusen Botanical Garden in Vancouver is always interestin... 
My Blue Tang:) 
 abyssrium
AQUA AMERICA NOSE DIVE CONTINUES! Mkt Cap down  900 million. See for data on its collapse  
Garden City Champs/Mainland (kart) Series final: This year's Mainland Series has come to a successful conclus... 
Exeggcute: A wild Exeggcute has appeared! Available until 18:12:07 (13m 57s). 
Optus and Nokia solidify 5G collaboration with MoU: Optus has inked a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with ... 
LOL this IS the network for the new Google phones?! Really dumb move on Google's part. 
Optus And Nokia Are Teaming Up To Develop A 5G Network: Two weeks after Telstra revealed that been completed ... 
Shoop discusses Vols' late defensive mistake in win: First-year Tennessee defensive coordinator Bob Shoop mad... 
A comprehensive article about Trump and taxes 
 negocios QUE ES ADNOW COMO PAGA ADNOW l ADNOW VS GoogleE ADSENSE 2016  dinero
Pro Bass Fishing: This is "Pro Bass Fishing" by jasonransom on Vimeo, the home for high quality videos and th... 
Dragonite spotted in Alpine! Runs away at 06:08:58 PM 
A wild Scyther has appeared! 
 Available until 10:12:59am (14m 54s). 
For those who don't know, please google this and watch the trailer. 
I will submit your press release to Google and 39 PR & Article sites for 10€ 
Lithium battery-powered hand warmers were a hit with hot-handed Patrick Reed, US at Ryder Cup: There most cer... 
Zim gear up for Len Barnes: “When we rank Zimbabwe in Africa, Zimbabwe is probably the best in terms of full ... 
MLB wants cans banned at Rogers Centre, fan prosecuted (Yahoo ... 
yes i. had to google the lyrics 
Google Pixel and Pixel XL
Baked into Android Nougat 7.1, which will launch on Pixel phones a 
The Register OK Google, Alexa, why can't I choose my own safe, er, wake word? The Register Analysis One of the… 
Google Tests Trending Searches and Instant Answers in Search Bar - Search Engine Journal 
How Halo Aims To Grow Beyond Its Gaming Roots: 
 Bitcoin ― Red Bull Pushes the Envelope with a Bitcoin-Only Vending Machine → via 
Whoa! You Can Watch Google's Ongoing Live Event Here  lazzycow
 Bitcoin ― IBM Invests  200 Million in Watson IoT Blockchain Development → via 
Google Keep: Lit Circles - Teacher Tech  DitchBook  googleedu  gafe
Wigglytuff (20% IV) (Feint Attack/Dazzling Gleam). Until 17:12:53 (14m 47s). 
 FSU UM hopes improved run defense helps contain Dalvin Cook  SportsRoadhouse
 WisconsinBadgers Granato Era Gets Going At Wisconsin  SportsRoadhouse
 NHLDucks  NHLDucks Why Jannik Hansen should end up back on the Sedin line  SportsRoadhouse
Virginia don't miss the October 17th registration deadline!  MAGA3X  Trump2016  GOTV  Cernovich  RNRVirgnia 
 FSU  Noles UM hopes improved run defense helps contain Dalvin Cook  SportsRoadhouse
Aerodactyl  Orange 28.89% (2/7/4) Bite/Ancient Power! Available until 05:12:54pm (14m 48s). 
 PoliticusSarah  SeanMcElwee  williamjordann  YouGovUS  YouGov Do people really care so little about who leads them that they can't Google?
Log In With  Google or  Facebook To  bookmark your  photos and share on  SocialMedia sites 
Google's new vision for interfaces isn't visual or Material at all. It's the spoken word 
 GKBesterfriend a natural monopoly means falling average costs. Google's cost structure does not look that way.
A wild Nidoqueen! Available until 07:13:02pm (14m 58s) IV:42% 1:Poison Jab 2:Earthquake. 
 DJSundog yep. Google etc should be putting up the   for BoeingRT/Caltrain/etc upgrades in exchange for N years free employee passes. But nope.
 News Equalization payments aren't sexy but they deserve attention, too: The haggling continues between Ottaw... 
Google Work Apps Gain New Powers, But Microsoft Still Rules via Oc… 
A wild Gastly has appeared! Available until 17:12:55 (14m 49s). 
Google releases open source 'Cartographer': Machine learning and vision are essential technologies for the ad... 
Chez Bushwick 
Stick It To The Media Mob ...Vote DJT !!!
 
Dragonite  Orange 31.11% (5/8/1) Steel Wing/Dragon Claw! Available until 05:10:53pm (12m 53s). 
How to search Safari tabs in iOS 10 
Pen Pineapple Apple Pen PPAP  
🚍 Sorry you missed us! We are now closed and stopped serving at MAP=> 'Powered by foosye®'
Everything We Know About Google Pixel Phones 
Twitter Crashes After Google, Apple Reportedly Pull Bid | Zero Hedge 
Ditch New Year's Weight Loss Resolutions and Make a Pre-Holiday Resolution 
Han Solo Director Explains Alden Ehrenreich's Insane Star Wars Audition: Months before Disney a...  starwarsnews
 NewhouseTrend Just pre-ordered my new Pixel; intimidated by Google's aggressive push into hardware: 
One Big Way to Reduce Your Breast Cancer Risk: Both men and women can enroll in weight loss services, which i... 
Twitter -10℅ in the after hours on reports Google not bidding.  TWTR
Techstars to Launch Accelerator for Music-Industry Tech Startups: The music industry is getting its own versi... 
E-Cigarette Explosions Are More Common Than Previously Thought, Report Says: One reason the injuries are so s... 
 Young__Ambition hold up let me Google this
Blue 1647's New, Global Ambition to Change Cities' Stories: Gary, Indiana is as unlikely a place for a tech h... 
Who vapes here? Did it help you quit smoking?: After switching to vaping Halo Sub-Zero 24mg, my taste for ana... 
OkCupid makes for some good news can't be spun to not working is killing my otherwise wonderful Google Plus experience.
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 05:12:40pm  (14m 49s). 
Tested in Google Allo
- Assistant features
- Duo integration
- Desktop app
- Quick Reply
- File sharing
- Themes
- SMS
Re: Pixel, Google claims “Google has done the design work and a lot of the engineering,” 
And by “Google” they mean Apple with iPhone 6
Y!: Donald Trump was a top economist, according to Google 
Fashion less fashionable while tech is still in 
 sarahmccammon, Yeah because people like me post on google. When he says the press pool doesnt show the crowd, they dont do it live. Fact!
Not OK, Google Very nice take, by  riptari
Google event: Everything that might be released from Pixel phones to Amazon Echo rival: Google's h...  mcgsecure
OK Google, Alexa, why can't I choose my own safe, er, wake word? - The Register 
Five Years After Steve Jobs, Google Still Chases The iPhone 
They have already!  
 AndyDaglas it's pods!!! 
 owillis That's an actual Garry Kasparov quote, google it
Na dobranoc: Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple is also an unlikely suitor  
A wild Dratini! Available until 05:02:25pm (4m 47s). 
i always have to google how a specific lipstick looks on brown skin man, this shit starts o suck
No, I dunno what "Shoot the breeze" means, af, You can Google
 TrumpsterTrumpy  HawaiiDelilah this took five seconds to google. One of many, many articles. 
Automate 2 Months of Social Media Content in 2 Hours: Social media can become a huge time, ene...  Social  Media
A wild Chansey has appeared! Available until 17:09:52  (12m 16s). 
AT&T Fiber Internet on the Way to 11 More Cities  googlefiber
 Tecnología  Apple Metro Bank y The Co-operative Bank se suman a Apple Pay en UK 
【My cutie devil】　  mycutiedevil 
【iOS】
【Android】
Hi cindycapo: _North_Carolina Google Home respon... via wittier  … 
Children as young as NINE check their <b>mobile</b> phones through the night…  mobile  tech
Theres A Narcos Game, But It Sucks 
T-<b>Mobile</b> sells Walmart Family <b>Mobile</b> to TracFone: Walmart Family…  mobile  tech
Boost <b>Mobile</b> Is Turning Its Storefronts Into Polling Places on Election…  mobile  tech
Growlithe available until 17:12:16 (14m 44s). IV: 97.78% (14/15/15) Moves: Bite/Body Slam 
nobody got me like Google got me 🤗
Google will not make a bid for Twitter; Apple purchase also viewed as unlikely - Recode
Committee offers recommendations for strengthening safety culture in offshore oil and gas industry: Washingto... 
 betanews Google releases open source 'Cartographer': Machine learning and vision are essential technologies ... 
500 WEEKLY.. 
On the bus, person yells into their phone GoogleE MAPS LIED TO ME, I'M ALMOST IN ____. Actually you're not even halfway there  feelsonthebus
Craigslist Schemer Going to Prison For 14 Months 
 Cannabis National Guard Declares Victory Over Grandmother's Cannabis Plant: The Massachusetts National...  News
 _North_Carolina Google Home respon... via  wittier  TWtw  klout | 
Wikileaks founder Assange reveals his next target: Google  insider
My Hawksbill Turtle:) 
OK Google, Alexa, why can't I choose my own safe, er, wake word? - The Register  Technology 
 Nowplaying Foreigner - Waiting For a Girl Like You at  oldies New  Android App 
A wild Vulpix appeared! It will be near big Walmart until 7:08 PM.  Vulpix  PokemonGo  Nacogdoches
[Tampines] Hitmonchan until 8:11:01AM at 51 Changi Business Park Central 2  pokemongonews
[Tuas] Porygon until 8:02:01AM at 32 Tuas View Square  pokemongonews
I made a  TheBigHouseSSB Fantasy Draft Spreadsheet! 
Can I get a retweet?  tafokints  progducto  OXY_Crimson
A wild Magmar has appeared! Available until 11:11:11 (14m 48s). 
WSOC: Oct. 4 Notebook  Facebook  android  app go to 
I also really don't like what Google are doing with Android. It seems like they're trying to Apple-ify it. Making it simpler.
Taco Tuesday!!!! 
Use Google
 khaotickid24  google you should
Interesting update.   NISDCoach        Introducing G Suite for Education 
 AndroidAuth  jvtechtea I think it's a new step forward for Google, the phones look like solid competition to Apple's iPhones now
 wesjanson99 
Happy  ewokwednesday 
I didn't know 😘
will do my best
to remember
for next week!
A wild Scyther has appeared, it will disapper at 17:11:26. Directions at 
A wild Scyther has appeared! Available until 17:09:50 (12m 25s). 
The Secret Landing Page Headline Formula  branding  copywtiting 
 EthanDolan you use Google translate
 GreeterDan Hey, last year you reviewed a Trump Filter on  FastCompany. Here's one that's a lot more fun. 
How to check which URLs have been indexed by Google using Python  Google  URLs  Computing  IT
 Yemen: Photos: Former US Navy ship extensively damaged after missile strike by Iranian-backed rebels ... 
 pink_lady56  LogicalCampaign There's a big web site (probably deleted now). "Google Hillary Condom XMas tree!
 TanyaFusco yes as if the world needs  JustinTrudeau to bring attention to the campaign   60,800,000 results
 saharvey75  kimmaytube According to Google, the U.K. is only 3% Black....yikes.
the HipHop world: “Empire” Season 3 – “What Remains Is Bestial” Recap and Music Review: Miller, playing gangs... 
 advocate_anil My Book on short stories now in 104 libraries , 14 countries : Google down my Book 
 Yemen: US places warships off coast of  Yemen after Houthi missile strike 
 Hootsuite_Help No, it's not. I tried to sign in with a connected Google account too, that got me past login but then froze (web works fine)
Michigan Gov. Signs MMJ Bills to Establish Statewide System and Legalize Edibles  MedicalDagga
Niantic Enables Captcha Aimed at Blocking 3rd Party Pokemon Go Scanners, Bots and Apps: The new encryption is... 
A wild Nidoking! Available until 07:12:01pm (14m 47s) IV:62% 1:Poison Jab 2:Sludge Wave. 
OK Google, Alexa, why can't I choose my own safe, er, wake word? - The Register: The Register OK Google, Alexa, why… 
🚍 Hurry! We are still serving for 30 more minutes, come find us at MAP=> 'Powered by foosye®'
Nidoking! 60% Fury Cutter|Earthquake (3-13-11) 05:11:58pm 14m 47s 
CPSC to Investigate New Report of Samsung Galaxy Note7 Fire  Facebook  android  app go to 
10/5/2016 - Does Google know something we don't? 
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple is also an unlikely suitor - Recode 
I'm now an E-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
Unknown Device Reportedly Scores 203,737 On AnTuTu  Android  Google 
'Racist' Fox News piece blasted by Asian-Americans and people with basic sense of decency 
convert excerpt only rss to FULL RSS  SeoService  SocialMedia Google couldn't stop copying…
 cleveland Cleveland man charged with discharging gun outside Glenville High School 
WADA claim some leaked Fancy Bears medical documents were altered  dunfermline
Arcanine  Orange 71.11% (6/11/15) Bite/Bulldoze! Available until 05:11:56pm (14m 48s). 
*google employee puts coding problem on the screen*
 Me: 
Check out Kendall and Kylie!  kkgame 
fallen for the new google phones especially the "very blue" color!!  GooglePixel  GooglePixelPhone 😍 
google search cute fuzzy animals in love
 php PHP Google Maps Time Zone Convert 
 php PHP Google Maps Time Zone Convert: Package: PHP Google Maps Time Zone Convert Summary: Get a location time… 
A wild Aerodactyl appeared! 53.33 % a/d/s 6 4 14 mv: Bite Hyper Beam until 05:09:47pm (12m 44s). 
Qivana Probiotics Probiotic Workshops 
Dairy-Free Freezer Pancakes Recipe: Perfect for Weekdays! - 
 2 billion in trust for jobless benefits. Is it time to increase unemployment checks?: By comparison, the per... 
if you have your own place and got like 2 minutes, take this 7 question survey for me please. 
 cleveland Barroco owner plans Latin American-inspired Casablanca Urban Cantina in Lakewood 
 CorpusChristi Activists share work in colonias during A&M-CC event 
WOW “ JYSexton: This is paving the road for his run, it's the equivalent of paying for events with his foundation. 
. RichardGrenell  politico YES!   "Every globalist entity is in the tank for HRC from Google, FBook Twitter and all MSM" >  TheRoyalePain
 SanAntonio Boozing is a cry for help 
 providence  ri Activists blast 'O'Reilly Factor' Chinatown piece as racist 
My answer to If I have 5 million daily vistors on my website how much money can I make from Google AdSense? 
 cleveland Andrew Miller vs. David Ortiz: Cleveland Indians-Boston Red Sox ALDS matchup to watch 
Google released a new phone called Pixel and I wanna get it so badly 😩.
Threat of violence see motorsport race go from horsepower to man power 
Motorsport: Paddon to contest events back home in 2017 
Ck Appilance Or Fixture - E026 - Glen Rock Dr - Waltrip St - 18:49 - 
YAESU THE RADIO AMETEURs WORLD MAP - Google Drive 
What new in  tech news? New  google  hardware VP,  Yahoomail breach update and more. Check out our daily roundup:… 
ZAP brings the manufacturing process to the cloud 
 Herbert_K: The Beginner's Guide to Google's Material Design 
 AI Its traditional aversion to risk has meant the legal profession has not been in the vanguard of new technology… 
 ELGINDOTCOM but def looks like Google is seriously trying to step it's software game up on par with iOS
 AI SAN FRANCISCO -- Samsung, the largest maker of televisions and smartphones in the world, is buying Viv Labs, a… 
A wild Dratini! Available until 05:11:47pm (14m 49s). 
 AI (Reuters) – Tech giant Samsung said on Thursday it is acquiring U.S. artificial intelligence (AI) platform… 
I just met someone who's never used google docs .....
Jets' Marshall: Giants 'playing with fire' with OBJ: The Jets' Brandon Marshall defended Odell Beckham Jr. on... 
 AI KS> said on Thursday it is acquiring U.S. artificial intelligence (AI) platform developer Viv Labs Inc, a firm… 
 AI Viv has developed a unique, open artificial intelligence (AI) platform that gives third-party developers the… 
Wikileaks founder Assange reveals his next target: Google 
“Tools like Google Apps for Work, Slack and Github are making us more like ant clusters”
 langleav hi lang? can u write a poem bout the love affair of  mainedcm & Wally Bayola? if u've no idea who's Wally, just google it! lol
 captainstacy Spotify mobile or google play
Hate people who don't know what they're drinking.....stick to water or juice. At least google the ingredients. What if you're allergic??
 TheManInTheJar  Jim_Peoples_ just a quick google search 
‘Gunjack 2: End of Shift’ From CCP Games is a Google Daydream Exclusive 
Alert!: Poliwag has appeared in Apco Lavington! disappearing at 11:10 AM!  PokemonGo  Albury
We took a ride in Alphabet's self-driving car, which just hit 2 million miles traveled on public roads  SmartNews
The page titqe is one of the most important things.that Google evaluates tp determine what is dn a web page. (HubSpot)
Omastar 5:11:11pm 
Google makes progress on self-driving cars, hits 2 million mile mark. Casper the friendly ghost behind the wheel. 
 JamesSACorey amazon lets you download what you buy. Not sure about Google Play but I love my all access subscription.
Business Card Reader for  OroCRM by  MagneticOne2 
Samsung Buys Artificial-Intelligence Startup Founded by Siri Creators 
 tingFTW if I bought a Google Pixel, would it work with Ting?
Look! A Machamp is working out in Alhambra! Available until 05:04:19pm (7m 36s). 
Rapidash  71.11 % a/d/s 15 / 14 / 3 mv: Low Kick Fire Blast until 05:07:01pm (10m 13s). 
 NikoNicoCP greg greggs groogle google come home
 Exeggcute appeared! Available until 20:08:53 (12m 20s). IV: 48.89% (2/9/11) Moves: Confusion/Ancient Power 
Chargers Continue Providing Children Free Dental Care 
mitakandar: Partner of murdered actress will never be released 
Shopping Gift Card … 
Woman refuses white sugar. Dieting, Health care and diabetes prevention concept 
 CostaRica79  JMintzHoops wow! That's hard to believe. Let me know what you find on the Google machine
Responding to MVA near HWY-99 ON RAMP SB & S CLOVIS AVE in Fowler
Hurricane Matthew Sparks Widespre 
Play  BlobfishEvolution today! 
 Bulbasaur appeared! Available until 20:11:14 (14m 47s). IV: 48.89% (11/1/10) Moves: Vine Whip/Seed Bomb 
A wild Vaporeon has appeared near: 9710 Prairie Rd! Available until 06:08pm (12m 12s). 
According to sources close to the situation, Google does not currently plan to make a bid for Twitter, Recode…
Tesla hit with age discrimination lawsuit from former engineer 
Samsung acquires Viv, an AI platform from the makers of Siri: Just a day after Google revealed its premium Pixel… 
 AndroidAuth  jvtechtea google is taking a different road f jst aosp for the nexus to a maybe a bit skinned os+special features for pixel
GREEN SESSIONS - DRUM & BoeingSS  DrumAndBass  DrumNBass
Google announced an iPhone, a Gear VR, an Echo, and an Eero - The Verge 
1. I don't take assignments  2. The Google exists;  use it.  3. You go... right off my timeline. 
Western Rugs Carpets Door Mats 2 x 3 Hat and Boots  flooring
Gastly  26.67 % a/d/s 2 / 1 / 9 mv: Sucker Punch Dark Pulse until 05:10:05pm (13m 28s). 
Carpet Cleaning Wyckoff, NJ  flooring
Putting your home up for sale? Get your carpets looking like new with a professional clean.  flooring
Samsung is buying the team that originally created Siri 
'Gilmore Girls' Rings In 16th Anniversar 
Rapidash  31 % a/d/s 1 2 11 mv: Ember Drill Run until 05:11:16pm (14m 52s). 
Google's Bold Move To Reinvent Every Device On The State of Social Media!
US regulators open investigation into replacement Note 7 that caught fire 
BOT0855]BBC LIVE NEWS AP*TALK CHAT AP*
Not OK, Google: The actual price for building a “personal Google for everyone, everywhere” would in f...  reddit
Paso Robles - A wild Snorlax has appeared, available until 5:10 PM (14 minutes!) 
SHOW-AND-TELL Google+ LIVE Hangout! Wednesday night at 7:30pm ET 10/5/2016 (video) – YouTube 
Nidorino has appeared! Available until 20:11:02  (14m 40s). 
Spamaoi your site will hurm your site's seerchtranking. (Google Webmasterse
A wild Raichu has appeared! Available for 0m 6s. 
Destined to be a classic:   Point of Grace Come To Jesus on  D/L our apps from Google and Apple.
Independent survey for the September 2016 GPHC exam: 
 GPHC  BPSA  PREREG2016  PREREGEXAM2016  GPHCseptexam2016
 ELGINDOTCOM got around to watching mkbhd talk bout the pixel. I am intrigued now myself...it is 100% Google, w/HTC hardware
The No. 1 Reason Your Online Business Isn't Making…  marketing 
Dragonite 31% 3/4/7 Steel Wing & Hyper Beam! Until 19:10:57 (14m 37s).  FortWorth  PokemonGo 
Killing  Panoramio photo-sharing website makes  google a weapon of mass destruction.
 photography
A wild Pikachu has appeared, it will disapper at 16:57:31. Directions at 
Bulbasaur  Orange 97.78% (15/15/14) Vine Whip/Seed Bomb! Available until 05:11:08pm (14m 47s). 
UA's Mini Medical school schedules fall events: The University of Arizona College of Medicine – Phoenix Mini ... 
Hands-on with Google’s new Daydream View VR headset [Video] 
Not OK, Google: The actual price for building a “personal Google for everyone, everywhere”… 
 GKBesterfriend yes there are an enormous amount of substitutes for advertisers. Not denying Google's footprint.
 ndhunay Google’s Pixel smartphones come with free storage for full-res...
via techcrunch 
Math Labyrinth
Patricia Barus dispelled the anomaly! Scroll Eater! 
Vermont don't miss the November 2nd registration deadline!  MAGA3X  Trump2016  GOTV  Cernovich  RNRVermont 
A wild Electrode has appeared! Available for 5m 32s. 
I liked a  YouTube video Pixel vs iPhone: 5 things Google does better 
You know you're in trouble when the  1 link on your Google search comes from Above Top Secret.
I'm not explaining shit to anyone that can't have a civil conversation. Google is free. Look up rape culture. 
 FuegoLeon1 google is your friend
The Root of Opposition to Black Lives Matter  BLM
The malware that's pwning the Internet of Things is terrifyingly amateurish - Boing Boing  G
A wild Venusaur has appeared! 
 Available until 10:10:13am (14m 4s). 
Why the Pixel phone isn't called the Google Phone - CNET 
INVESTOR ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces an Investigation of Trinity Biotech plc and .....  biotechews  biotech
 MeadBadger Let em explain: Yelp turns on  1 AI and it LIVES on yelp posts. It beats  1B Google AI which suddenly has no access to Yelp
A wild Omanyte has appeared! 
 Available until 10:10:23am (14m 16s). 
Central Supervisor responding to '6X - Major Dist (Violence)' at 500 blk N Akard St | Beat 132 | | 18:50
How interesting... AI is certainly the hot topic of the year as it becomes more mainstream. -  
SearchCap: Google My Business advanced verify, AdWords Editor update & Google Home featured snippets
Google fucking buys EVERYTHING and they still don't want this shitheap. 
Ugh. Google has disabled Miracast on Pixel C, Nexus 5x and Nexus 6p. Though they can be reenabled with root.
Here's everything Google announced today, all in one place 
Google is free 🤗
Eleven cut-and-dried errors performed per google adwords: mCjFKi
It's just a picture I found on Google so I don't have control over any the entendres 😊 
I liked a  YouTube video from  androidauth Google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P First Look
Bulbasaur has appeared near 1740 Wellington Rd, 48910! Available until 20:00:08 (3m 58s). 
 gracceehardyy google translate girl
Hitmonchan at 51 Changi Business Park Central 2, [Tampines] up til 8:11:01AM.  
Golf Tournament Benefits Law Enforcement: Golf Tournament Benefits Law Enforcement. Post 4606 has raised near... 
 CiscoDigital Oh I want a Mokacam   EnterToWin  Contest  CiscoDigital 
Kim Kardashian's Bodyguard Pascal Duvier Removes All Traces Of Her Off Social Media — Is He Fired? 
[Tampines] Hitmonchan until 8:11:01AM at 51 Changi Business Park Central 2 
Personal assistants are ushering in the age of AI at home - Engadget  tech
The Winning Team: U.S. Bank scores 100 on Corporate Equality Index: ... women, LBGTIQ, and veteran-owned busi... 
A Google Alert for Guccifer2 produces one results in 24 hours.
 bringbernieback  Jillnothill 
Google Just Announced the Future 
Google Has Its Own Phones. Now It Needs New Retail Strategy 
Ben Foster
  Gilmore Girls
  Tim McGraw
  Josh Samman
  Tori Spelling
  Evan Peters
  Jacob Hall
  VP debate
...  
 madebygoogle would rather stick with the Google store and project Fi
 Mandasaurusrexx  shitbiscuit DONT GoogleE IT GRANDMA
Packed house at our  nydems 2016  VoterProtection Train the Trainers! Help protect the vote in NYS. Sign up:… 
3 Teens Arrested in Arkansas Clown Scare Case  Bentonville
The clarhty of what you write gatters a lot. (Google Webmasters)
 Ima_Unique google some, whichever one relates to your life the most or is most meaningful.
Announcing Google Pixel and Pixel XL BYOP Support a... via  republicwirelss 
 ThankYouBernie  LeeCamp  Yahoo Google is actually worse but is hiding better
Get OverTime's breakout album 'The Foundation' today on iTunes, Google Play, Amazon, etc...Click the link below!... 
why is google being petty. Made a whole new phone to "crush" iPhones. Oh bitch im dead 
A wild Magmar has appeared! Available until 02:10:46 (14m 48s). 
Samsung acquires Viv, an AI platform from the makers of Siri: Just a day after Google revealed its prem...  tech
 AlysaNekole you good girl. That's what Google for
OK Google what about privacy and free will? Where the trust when we just learned Yahoo secretly scanned customer ema…
 google so excited for Google Home.  I just hate saying, "OK Google."  Custom wake-up terms (or ANYTHING else lol) and you've buried Alexa.
wine sayings and quotes pictures - Google Search 
 LandRoverNews : Jaguar Land Rover Evaluating Vehicle Downsizing Potential: That's according to Jaguar Land R... 
Here's a numpty early morning question. Picnicking has a k?? Really? It looks weird? Even when I google it....
 OnePlus_Support , No!The songs are skipping in both my Google  play music and One Plus music. I usually use Saavn and it happens there too.
Bark. 
 TOWN1212  JMintzHoops If I'm not mistaken, the team with the two-time reigning MVP and 73 wins never won again. I'll have to google it.
Apple's iPhone 7 handily outperforms new Google Pixel in early  apps  appstore  iphone 
A wild Graveler has appeared! Available until 16:57:12 (1m 17s). 
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone 
Wow so I can only get gifs from google to put on this lame ass app
Clinton yearns to do somersaults after watching 'SNL' spoof 
Pro tip if you use Chrome: 
pls do this survey!!! thank u! ✨✨
Avoiding the Curse of Knowledge 
IGNITION 2016: Live-streaming platform Twitch is setting its sights beyond  Gaming - Business Insider -… 
Cabbage Soup Diet! What others think about Cabbage Soup Diet 2.0 - The Ultimate Guide, Cabbage Soup Diet 2.0:... 
Squirtle appeared at Taynton Coco Steamboat until 8:05 AM.
 Squirtle  CocoSteamboat  MYPokeWatch  Cheras
 FAIRHealth has an app where you can look up doctors in your CT town and see how much it would cost you. Download: 
A wild Nidoqueen has appeared! Available until 11:10:40 (15m 57s). 
Okay so everyday I get asked if I am Ethiopian......so now I gotta Google Ethiopians and find my ancestors
A wild Weezing has appeared! Available until 19:10:29 (14m 49s). 
Laelaps is seeking beta testers. Apply to be one of the 1st to see & give feedback on the latest in offgrid tracking 
A wild Ivysaur has appeared, it will disapper at 17:09:43. Directions at 
Not OK, Google 
God damn you Jack. You took Milo,  FreeMilo, and now you take Ricky  FreeRicky  Ricky_Vaughn99 from me too? 
Help me to win  galaxynote7 and by the way poop on  trump or  clinton ;) 
bible - Google Search  jesus
 ItTakesATeacher to Change the World  via  googleforedu
Kid Cudi in rehab for depression, suicidal urges get better cudi 
 Kazi Digital Advice Financial Consultant: Job Description. RESPONSIBILITIES: Kforce has a client ...  JobAdvice
 Stephen72130  realjoshmcd  BreitbartNews  realDonaldTrump here's a reliable source 
 Kazi Four tips to choosing the right hydraulic auger system for any job: Are you choosing the rig...  JobAdvice
Don't Shoot PDX protesters shut down Portland City Council meeting - OregonLive.comDo... 
 Kazi Rielly likely to shoulder heaviest load on Maple Leafs again this season: Rielly's job descr...  JobAdvice
 WeLoveLA  NHLDucks Why Jannik Hansen should end up back on the Sedin line  SportsRoadhouse
A wild Graveler has appeared! Available until 17:09:56 (14m 16s). 
Kickass Torrents News: Can KAT Run Again After Dragging  Google into Case? - The Bitbag : 
Whoa, Google Assistant. Slow down. We just met. 
A wild Electabuzz appeared!
It will be Ocean Beach until 5:03 PM.
 Electabuzz  OceanBeach
A wild Squirtle has appeared! Available until 02:10:13 (14m 41s). 
[Northeast Philadelphia] Exeggutor until 8:06:18PM at 7966 Ferndale St 
N.S.A. Contractor Arrested in Possible New Theft of Secrets 
Snorlax spotted in Highland! Runs away at 06:04:34 PM 
 CommonwealthGames | Rugby: Despite Mbalula's ban, SA announced as 2023 World Cup host candidates: Malatsi al... 
Dratini 71.11% (15/12/5) Dragon Breath/Wrap) 'til 17:10:15 
 CommonwealthGames | Glasgow 2014 mascot Clyde to make comeback for Gold Coast 2018: Glasgow 2014 mascot Clyd... 
Amid water crisis,  Flint faces outbreak of an infectious bacterial disease called Shigellosis ...........    
 CommonwealthGames | McNamee physically and mentally ready for Kona Ironman challenge: Until the Commonwealth... 
Getting sick and looking at your symptoms on google like..... I'm dying 😭
 CommonwealthGames | Vancouver 1954 British Empire & Commonwealth Games Souvenir Box: this is a used souvenir... 
Asus ZenBook 3 review: This MacBook clone is powerful but too faithful to the original: Our  1,599 review uni... 
Most people looking for a business start with a search. Roughly 80% of those people start with Google.  SEO  Search 
Actually tried using it the other day instead of Google and never got a text back...😔 
 Seaking appeared! Available until 20:10:05 (14m 47s). IV: 71.11% (12/8/12) Moves: Poison Jab/Drill Run 
Patricia Barus gathered the collection Cornelius's personal belongings! 
Google is literally your friend. Ask it questions you don't understand instead of looking like a jackass lol.
100th Anniversary of the Trans-Siberian Railway! Thank you, Google! via  YouTube
 Available until 10:09:21am (14m 2s). 
 CNNMoney can you get an answer from  google Cause I can't. It seems   AdSense is on the fritz for weeks now 
Google introduces its first smartphone, Wi-Fi system and a VR headset: Pixel, which has been designed in-hous... 
Accident   I-75-85 NB EXPY SW / UNIVERSITY AVE SW 
 sdierauf so mr. has both flagships, what’s your verdict? Outside of the fact u work for google, pixel or iphone
Growlithe appeared at Yulek Pantai Cheras until 8:03 AM.
 Growlithe  PantaiCheras  MYPokeWatch  Cheras
Good nutrition for humans and animals is farmers' driving force 
California Keeps On Farming, With or Without Water 
 EarthtoHann BUT YOUTUBE RED ISNT AVAILABLE IN MY COUNTRY SO I HAVE TO GET IT ON GoogleE PLAY BUT ITS NOT WORKING
Target plans to test vertical farm 'in-store growing environments' in 2017 
Wondering what people think about the  google   pixelphone?  ikindofwantone
Your invited to pre-order google home, oh wait, no your not :'(
Donald Trump Bailed Out By Father With Poker Chips  покер  followback
Personal assistants are ushering in the age of AI at home - Engadget  technology Personal assistants are ushering …
Scotch Ale: Scotch Ale is a Scotch Ale / Wee Heavy style beer brewed by Highway 97 Brewery in Penticton, BC, ... 
A wild Staryu has appeared, it will disapper at 17:09:36. Directions at 
Jordan Bitterman Leaves Agency World, Becomes CMO Of Weather Co.: After many years in leadership roles a...  CMO
Numerex Partners with Sensile Technologies for iTank Solution: Shu Gan, Numerex Chief Marketing Officer ...  CMO
 raleigh Raleigh Film & Art Festival celebrates creativity 
Red Bull Pushes the Envelope with a Bitcoin-Only Vending Machine via /r/ Bitcoin 
anyone know free 3D modelling programs? imma jus google it but sometimes google doesn't get all the goods
Vacancies in a 3-Star Hotel in South Eastern Nigeria APP= 
Former Bitcoin Exchange Executive Joins Blockchain Firm R3 via /r/ Bitcoin 
Startups react with hope and fear to AI alliance of Google, MS, FB, IBM, and Amazon 
 android  app How to Update and Root Nexus 6P on NBD90X Android 7.0 Nougat  iphone  ipad
 android  app Pixel's best features aren't coming to the new version of Android  iphone  ipad
 raleigh Bowling: 90-year-old Bob Raleigh scores 633 series 
Who will google you? Potential clients; adversaries; new hires. 
Will you like what they find? If not, we can help. 
Bruce Fenton Writes a Letter Against OneCoin, Industry Leaders Back Him via /r/ Bitcoin 
 android  app Alliance signs Armada's brother, Android  iphone  ipad
 android  app One in every 16 Android devices is affected by BadKernel  iphone  ipad
Google Now: Pixel's best features aren't coming to the new version of Android 
 alishahin21 find a PDF of the reading on google?
 Santarosa Comic fans gather at Toy Con 
Jigglypuff appeared at Yulek Pantai Cheras until 8:06 AM.
 Jigglypuff  PantaiCheras  MYPokeWatch  Cheras
Madison: A Marowak has appeared.
Available until 07:07pm (12m 28s). 
Ask for an invite to Voice Acting's newest community on Google Plus:  vo  voiceover
This Man Is Explaining  google ’s Hardware Bet to Android Partners
Google Now: A Note on Google Assistant's Fluidity and Speech Recognition 
 bandstees she lit told me "have fun stanning people that have to use google translate to understand you"
Google Now: Personal assistants are ushering in the age of AI at home 
Google Now: Google Battles Amazon (and Apple) to Bring AI to Your Home 
Arcanine at 32.76102108358675, -117.1151231766375! Until 05:05:54pm (10m 44s). 
Justin Bieber Loves Shawn Mendes' New Album  BITN
 raleigh Creepy note in Raleigh hotel: Prank or murder confession? 
Google Now: Google Pixel vs. Samsung Galaxy S7: Android Flagship Showdown 
Google Now: On the Flip: Google, Don't Do This to Nexus Owners 
Ngl the google pixel is the first time ive ever been tempted to spend money on a phone
Wakeboarder cruises across flooded vineyard in Australia  downloader  androidapps
Seven reasons the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 beats the Google Pixel for the enterprise - ZDNet |  galaxyNote7  Note7
 Santarosa Santa Rosa County collecting hazardous household waste Saturday 
How Florida could get slammed twice by Hurricane Matthew in one week  downloader  androidapps
Desert Trip mega-concert set times released  PaulMcCartney
Manage your Affinity Plus credit card on the go! Download our free mobile app avbl on the App or Google Play stores… 
Google won't bill 12-year-old Spanish boy  112K in advertising gaffe 
Wow. Inside Google’s Internet Justice League and Its AI-Powered War on Trolls via  WIRED
Pixel and Pixel XL unveiled: Google's post-Nexus phones come out swinging (hands-on) 
 raleigh Get sneak peek of Craft Habit Holiday shop Friday 
 wichita Wichita police working with local school to bridge gap 
ANRE slightly decreased the maximum retail price for gasoline, but increased diesel fuel price. 
Former Title IX coordinator: 'Baylor set me up to fail' 
 Santarosa California wine giant snaps up a big name in Oregon wine 
 Winston  salem Duke Energy: We'll move coal ash out of Salisbury 
DAYDREAMing with Google is finally possible  
 NYC  News NYC says it will building training complex in Orangeburg 
 raleigh DWS Game Notes: WFU, NCSU, Oct. 6 & 9, ACCNE 
 irvine OC's Wealthiest Make Forbes 400 
 wichita Wichita kids walk to school 
 Baton  Rouge Outdoors calendar along with hunting and fishing schedules 
Swing a wand in Google Daydream virtual reality Harry Potter app - Geek 
King's College Team Named Semi-Finalists in National Marketing Competition 
 durham Durham Public Schools board taps Bettina Umstead for vacant seat 
Live updates: Auburn defensive coordinator Kevin Steele talks Mississippi State matchup 
 saintlouis Saint Louis University mascot to get redesign after feedback 
Confronting Brexit: the perks and pitfalls of plausible moves (Google Alerts)
 NYC  News NYC vs SF: Which NL Wild Card team's city is better? 
 shreveport Matthew Sandusky appears in Shreveport to speak about child sexual abuse 
 memphis Memphis releases response times for garbage, recycling services 
Nairobi leads the pack in Youth Fund loans at Sh2.3bn 
 durham Conference yields fresh ideas for Durham, Dover leaders 
Divisive nationalists: Outcry at Tory cabinet attacks on foreigners in UK (Google Alerts)
 seattle How a drink invented in the Seattle area became an international hit 
 memphis Memphis hotel linked to Legionnaires' disease reopening 
. Google's immaterial design 
 fortwayne The Red Cross prepares for Hurricane Matthew 
Utah lawmakers discuss crossing of Mormon faith, politics  Bluehand  NewBluehand  Mormon  Mormonism
Twitter User Name dispelled the anomaly! Ghostly Mirror! 
Leaked videos partially pull back curtain on Mormon church  Bluehand  NewBluehand  Mormon  Mormonism
Hands-on with Google Home 
Interesting POV of the Google Press Relase. What's your thoughts? 
Why not try Ball Cats? Its free!  videogames
Fundraising leaders! Add your voice to thriving as professionals, take 4 min survey cc… 
Send your girl a google quote
Say goodbye to the password and hello to some new tech.  Technology 
Kadabra (57% IV) (Confusion/Shadow Ball). Until 17:09:45 (14m 46s). 
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET: Technically Incorrect: In a launch a... via  Cnet
 DanScavino  realDonaldTrump  periscopeco HILLARY BUSTED. LEAKED MEMO, had QUESTIONS AHEAD OF TIME TO PREPARE
 ItTakesATeacher to  teach you what you need to know via  googleforedu
Man this can not keep on! 
 dhogatejr  lizwroten77 your cross is upside down. Totally different than 
Hillary 
YES! THE BoeingN IS SUSPENDED!!!  It's not over but the ban is lifted indefinitely!  
Pipeline Outage Could Lead To Another Gasoline Price Spike: The outage of the Colonial Pipeline led to a high... 
 DJSundog same in the home of Intel, Google, and Apple. 🤔
5 critical data points Equifax TradeSight now can provide: Before arriving at Equifax, both Lou Loquasto and ... 
A wild Omanyte has appeared! Available until 17:00:38 (5m 41s). 
 SWEETY16A   Speaking of censorship, this is good because--Google is in cahoots with the PC (Political Censorship)… 
Why innovative companies like Google are letting employees craft their own jobs by  vivian_giang via  FastCompany
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET: Technically Incor...  cnet
Even with Google, one of the natural definitions of a monopoly has to do with pricing power and ads have a p dynamic market.
"Twitter shares lower in after hours - reports that Google will not be a  bidder" by Eamonn Sheridan via Forexlive… 
 bestbuy  Bargains  9017 Obihai IP Phone with Power Supply - Up to 10 Lines - Support for … 
Here are all the apps and games you'll be able to use with  Google's new Daydream View headset - Tech Insider : 
Vivian Krause: The cash pipeline opposing Canadian oil pipelines – Financial Post
Que dit  equiterre
In 30 years from now Apple will be on its death bed, Google will have turned to the current Apple and Samsung will be the current Google.
ERES Newsletter
Sorry for the delay!
//Hello google where can I buy a gun
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET: Technically Incorrect: In a launch ad for its ... 
is it possible to do an invoice Quicken deluxe 2016: No, only Quicken Home & Business supports invoicing. You... 
Universal translator idea moving from sci-fi into real-life app TTL
A few charts that sum up Jack Dorsey’s first year as Twitter CEO 
ICYMI yesterday - Google introduces the Pixel, its own smartphone: 
Central Division responding to '6X - Major Dist (Violence)' at 500 blk N Akard St | Beat 132 | | 18:50
How Google's RankBrain Algorithm Affects SEO in 2016 
The latest The Independent Daily!  google
A wild Magikarp 91% appeared (Splash/Struggle) til 02:08:25 (13m 44s). 
Check out the latest BISS List interview by Arya Jha with Eric Krasno!! Yes,… 
Samsung to Acquire Viv, the Next Generation Artificial Intelligence Platform  ai
NATIONAL EVENTS MANAGER 
YouTube is available in over 61 languages & has been localised in countries  Google… 
Google Fiber confirms Webpass buy for wireless extensions to fiber netwo.. Related Articles: 
What is it with Hollywood and brutal dictators? Do these people not have internet? I'd google a head of state befor… 
CENTRAL-Golem: A wild Golem ! Available until 18:07:21 (12m 48s). 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Google Share
Jigglypuff has appeared near None Potter Park Rd, 48912! Available until 20:06:23 (11m 44s). 
Utah you can register online through November 1st.  MAGA3X  Trump2016  GOTV  Cernovich  RNRUtah 
Snorlax has appeared near 1011 Walsh St, 48912! Available until 19:54:39 (0m 0s). 
Couple Plead Guilty To Starving 6-Year-Old Girl, Weighed 25 Pounds, Body Weight Of A 2-Year-Old 
Keyword Research Training - Free Leads from Google  winwithjohn
Marcus Rezak Gets Us Excited For His All-Star Birthday Jam With Members Of The Disco Biscuits ...: “Th...  gifts
Tomorrow, our ED  jbrownedianis joins  BlackWomenVote national tele-town hall honoring Fannie Lou Hamer's 99th B-Da… 
Wow my google + page going hard!! 
Just tested  Movistar in Venezuela: 23.0Mbps using  opensignal  speedtest 
WOW it's bad for  Hillary &  timkaine  when  CNN  CNNPolitics called it for  mike_pence  realDonaldTrump  RNC  GOP 
Translated by  Google Translator: - The Edge Markets MY : 
 slogue89 Thanks! Looking forward to implementing Google maps! Tjohnson mytusd.org 
sharing  suaju TECH STOCKS: AOL Falls, But Facebook, Google, Apple Rally - Fox Business  facebook  internet 
Golf: McDowell tips Harrington for France: Graeme McDowell believes Padraig Harrington has the qualities need... 
Strong Healthy Meals Deliver (On Their Promises) 
What Does a Healthy Meal Look Like, In Your Home? 
 redned59  dodo so did I for the past 22 yrs (hands in experience) not captain google 
Eating healthy on a student's budget 
Vermont Farmers Food Center's Health Care Share completes second 
My Clown Tang:) 
My Red Clownfish:) 
Laser pointer simulator in your Android device!
Healthy Kids Meals gobbled up at seven Vermont restaurants 
Vitality wins 2016 Silver Award from alive 
Longford Chamber President demands immediate response from Ministers Mitchell O'Connor and ...: Longford Cham... 
Watch Shy Layers' Virtual World “Running” Video: Shy Layers, the Atlanta via Brooklyn artist JD ...  VW  VUTURUS
Google searches Ronnie Hibbert Muscular Brother?
Bernie Sanders makes the case for Hillary Clinton in Madison rally  FeelTheBern  Sanders2016
Being blue a good thing 
How to go to the Bernie Sanders rally  FeelTheBern  Sanders2016
Energizer Bernie! A Dozen Campaign Rallies In Four Days; Hillary Two  FeelTheBern  Sanders2016
Hot Topics: Today's Mortgage Rates ~ Google Home ~ How much are Closing Costs?  RealEstate  MortgageRates 
Police: Ozark man shook two-month-old, causing brain injury, internal bleeding: Hospital staff later determin... 
Malcolm Turnbull to put the wind up states over power blackouts: The Turnbull government will confront the st... 
Snow, wind knock out power in Saskatoon: Power went out in neighbourhoods across the city and roads were extr... 
Energy operator: loss of wind power triggered SA outage: A dramatic loss of wind power helped trigger South A... 
Not OK, Google: The actual price for building a “personal Google for everyone, everywhere” would in fact be zero p… 
why does my audio go out everytime I update? I find this so annoying....damn google chrome.....
[G+] From Arai Hiroki 2016/09/23 21:14 
HOPE MILLS RARE ALERT!
Snorlax has appeared at Golfview Drive!
Hurry, it will vanish at 8:08 PM!
 HopeMillsPokemon
Google Didn’t Increase Googlebot Crawling as Result of Penguin Changes — —  SEO
New Article... Google Pixel XL v.... Check it Here...  
Was sleeping on Google play but I can get any album I want by the click of a button
Well let's just see..... 
Google....
Little filter..... 
Presto   
 IfTrumpAndHillaryHookedUp 
News: Local women affected by suicide unite for prevention walk - KRIS Corpus Christi News  TrutherBot  Bot
Google Daydream View hands on - Android Authority 
 OurielOhayon …Trying hard to tell a story above silicon. Their main challenge is coherence. Android/Google not helping.
Google Details New Smartphones, Amazon Echo-Fighter Called \'Home\' 
Got a stack of tickets in your glovebox? You may find a Barnacle stuck to your car - Roadshow:…… 
 Wearables - Virtual Reality, Makerspaces, and Online Learning on the Horizon for Education  WearableTech
Donald Trump is a top economist, according to Google     - CNET  donald 
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? - CNET 
 NatachaJaitt google buitre
Shekinah Glory Ministry - Worthy   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
 JamesSACorey I had about 50% success using this method...don't recommend. 
Attacks on NYPD Officers up 23%  Crime  Legal  USA  US  Law  Police 
 SEO  marketing  Tools How  Google’s RankBrain Algorithm Affects  SEO in 2016 
I bet anything that the number one thing searched on Bing is google😂
Twitter sale could happen in October     - CNET 
Jill Stein Polls: National Polling Is Likely Significantly Underestimating Support For The Green Party Candidate. 
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET 
Jigglypuff has appeared near 3231 Young Ave, 48906! Available until 19:54:22 (0m 10s). 
 scottsdale Suspect in deadly hit-and-run arrested in Arizona 
Lifestyle Gallery | The Many Faces of  PP&G2016 
 WeLoveLA  Dodgers Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner visits Firestone Grill for a tri-tip 'sando'  SportsRoadhouse
 Scientists report early-stage development of potential nerve agent antidote - 
Pixel vs iPhone: 5 things Google does better 
 Teen girls seek genital cosmetic surgery - 
 WeLoveLA  Dodgers Dodgers News: Yasiel Puig Hopes To Play In Dominican Winter League  SportsRoadhouse
 Nakidape if i can get things set up to a point would you liek to do a google hangout for questions for both channels Ape?
Utah lawmakers discuss crossing of Mormon faith, politics 
 scottsdale Woman accused of deadly hit-and-run arrested in Arizona 
 RichyRich FYI I read google will be selling an unlocked one on their website
Criteo: Perils Of Ad Blocking: I think the big boys are trying to create a rule-based barrie...  onlinemarketing
Highly decorated Fort Carson special forces soldier killed in Afghanistan IED blast: The Army has identi...  IED
Apple iPhone 7 Giveaway FREE for first 100 users - iphone 7 plus 
Have you played this  horror game  markiplier ? Omg i got the chills... please make a walkthrough of it!!!!
The new dawn of Google hardware is really the rise of Google Assistant 
Cashlesss world .. less corruption I hope 
New Dad Has His Daughter Taken Away Because He Didn’t Do A ‘Simple Google Search’ 
What would I do without you,  google?? 
Google Home vs. Amazon Echo: The battle begins via  CNET
 scottsdale Henkel consolidating, relocating Scottsdale operations to Connecticut eliminating 375 Valley jobs 
Leaked videos partially pull back curtain on Mormon church 
IMF Says Deutsche Bank Needs to Convince Investors its Business Model is Viable 
 mashable We have, but nobody needs it. Apple & Google sell 200 bux HW at nearly 700 so who cares?!
Google Pixel my next phone.
4-H volunteers pack meals for needy  Razorbacks
 DF16 Flashmob! Meet  Dreamforce Plaza | Courtyard between Moscone North & South Thursday! Meet  8:30AM. RSVP- 
 scottsdale Farmers market owner, Goldwater sues Scottsdale over sign rules 
Count me among them!
 scottsdale Celebrating a New Series and a 20-Year-Old School 
September fundings, acquisitions, IPOs and failures 
 np D-Naff, Damiano Mwanamfumu, Chola Chola - Your love is on Mawalking Radio To Listen Click:  AfricanMusic
 Dodgers  ThinkBlue Los Angeles Dodgers' Justin Turner visits Firestone Grill for a tri-tip 'sando'  SportsRoadhouse
Vocabularies and Ontologies: Building Blocks for the Semantic Web!  SemanticSeo  SEO  Google 
 Dodgers  ThinkBlue Dodgers News: Yasiel Puig Hopes To Play In Dominican Winter League  SportsRoadhouse
Google Search Terms Can Predict the Stock Market via  SmithsonianMag
Florida braces for Hurricane Matthew as track swings closer On a more serious note ... 11 dead in Matthew's wake😳😕
Marketing/Advertising Acct. Executive: Apply Now: BetterBusinessChoice
For A Good Cause  NewportBeach
Marijuana marketing warning draws 'fear campaign' retort: BOSTON >> Flanked by an image ... BetterBusinessChoice
did yeriez google what's it like to have clown sex just to make that tweet
Vaporeon has appeared near 2730 Alpha Access St, 48910! Available until 20:07:53 (13m 54s). 
Google Patches 78 Vulnerabilities in Android via  Sec_Cyber
google search: how to make someone fall in love with you in 7 days
 ECommerce How  Google’s RankBrain Algorithm Affects  SEO in 2016 
A wild Fukano has appeared! Available until 02:00:48 (6m 52s). 
Jigglypuff has appeared near 222 Rita St, 48910! Available until 19:54:30 (0m 35s). 
A wild Gengar has appeared near: 9641 82 Ave! Available until 06:08pm (14m 21s). 
Fed Up With The Way Christians Are Portrayed On TV? This Is The Play For You... - ChristianToday -… 
Man who drove through Darkness Into Light walk had been <b>drinking</b> vodka…  ExpressHatred
Jigglypuff has appeared near None Kalamazoo St, 48823! Available until 20:00:14 (6m 24s). 
 Gamercore  google Too expensive. Poor capacity options. No dual speakers. Reason for Google hating on Nexus. No thanks. Poll that.
 Devindra Bart'll figure it out. A lot of research showing how good the craft is for children's motor skills.  
Dratini until 19:08:37 (14m 48s). Moves:Dragon Breath/Twister. IVs:33.33% (4/1/10)   19742 Logan Briar Dr 
Google Home responding with featured snippets 
What Happens To Your Body The Longer You Give Up Booze, According To Experts  ExpressHatred
The latest Junior tu papa Diario! Thanks to  reporterillo  FabioPovedaRuiz  raminews  google  miami
A wild Charmeleon has appeared! Available until 17:08:40  (14m 49s). 
Why the internet of things is the new magic ingredient for cyber criminals | John Naughton...… 
✔TWEETSHEET➡PETITIONS  koreandogs PART7✔
SIGN✏SHARE🔁TO STOP THE  DogMeatTrade  SouthKorea
➡
 VioletMamba  BraveInfidel Google me Constantine and the Byzantine Empire too
Because sometimes being a loudmouth works. ❤️ Montreal's Pit Bull Ban Gets Suspended Indefinitely  
all of my classes have been a joke today. i'm in my Bible class and we're discussing what is better - Microsoft Word or Google Docs.
What a dip shit 
Hillary is? Vote for a change vote Donald Trump! 
Google’s OnHub Router Will Play Nicely With Google Wifi: Google announced their new Google Wifi routers at th... 
Kabutops (26% IV) (Fury Cutter/Stone Edge). Until 17:08:29 (14m 46s). 
Google.and the smaller search engines put extra importance on the w rds in your H1 text. (HubSpot)
Join Us:  missionsociety  NYAmNews  WilliamAllenNYC  LeaderYasmin 
Flagstaff science big for discovery and economy, too 
[North Philadelphia] Snorlax until 8:01:42PM at 244 E Eleanor St 
 News Remains of the Day: Google Cast App Rebranded as Google Home 
Meet Pixel, the phone by Google 
  google
 news  tech Pixel vs iPhone: 5 things Google does better: 
EUROPESE OMROEP VIDEO:Pixel vs iPhone: 5...  CNETTV
 news Remains of the Day: Google Cast App Rebranded as Google Home 
"The world of art gets no more white and privileged than this." Damon Davis pleas for artistic responsibility. 
 smallbiztrends A1 When I saw where AdWords was going I wanted to find ways to help  smallbiz grow beyond using just Google  metlifesmallbiz
Wakeboarder cruises across flooded vineyard in Australia  Inspiration  Fun 
A wild Graveler has appeared! Available until 10:59:05 (6m 26s). 
Snorlax until 19:08:25 (14m 48s). Moves:Zen Headbutt/Earthquake. IVs:77.78% (15/14/6)   12510 Cranes Park St 
5 STRANGEST Things Found On Google Maps! REACTION: via  YouTube
Government Contractor Arrested, Charged With Removing Classified Materials.   HillaryClinton unavailable for comment
How Florida could get slammed twice by Hurricane Matthew in one week  Inspiration  Fun 
Our next show starts at the top of the hour! Don't forget to tune in!  Renegaderevolution  Followarenegade 
Google's Daydream View  VirtualReality headset will launch in November - 
Hitmonlee has appeared Hill Drive/Colorado Blvd. Towards Mall!
Hurry, it will vanish at 5:00 PM!
Bulbasaur has appeared near 4133 W Michigan Ave, 48917! Available until 20:08:08 (14m 33s). 
Google Pixel cautiously rolls dice with Verizon exclusivity
USAneedsTRUMP: HillaryClinton business 
Lets talk about YOUR TAX PROBLEMS!  TrumpIsBlackLikeMe
'Samsung acquires Viv, an AI platform from the makers of Siri' via  Engadget 
A wild Grimer has appeared! Available until 19:08:21 (14m 49s). 
Google pulled flight information out of an email in Gmail, added it to a Google Calendar, then synced to Outlook. I didn't ask for this.
Google Pixel looks so damn nice
I want it ...
Now we know how  HardballChris Fact checks. Google two words if you see  realDonaldTrump name it's true.
Apple, Google, Coca-Cola Top List of 100 Most Valuable Brands: Apple Inc., Alphabet Inc.'s Google, and Coca-C... 
Google launches new Assistant and puts it at heart of Home  Google  Alphabet  Technology  Smartphones  Internet
A-G says solicitor relationship 'cordial': Attorney-General George Brandis insists his relationship with the ... 
A wild Diglett appeared! It will be near Hastings until 7:02 PM.  Diglett  PokemonGo  Nacogdoches
Artificial intelligence disrupting the business of law  ai
Clefairy has appeared near 125 E Elm St, 48910! Available until 20:02:43 (9m 15s). 
Ich mag das  YouTube-Video: Introducing Pixel, Phone by Google
Samsung Makes Big Move In Artificial Intelligence  ai
MLB Rumor Central: How long will Dellin Betances be the Yankees' closer?: Curry tweets that he expects New Yo... 
Samsung takes a big leap and buys artificial intelligence start-up founded by Siri's creators  ai
Apple, Google, Coca-Cola Top List of 100 Most Valuable Brands 
Time to Buy BP plc (ADR) After Today's Option Traders Bet? 
4 content marketing tips for a successful product launch 
Samsung Buys Artificial-Intelligence Startup Founded by Siri Creators  ai
I liked a  YouTube video Introducing Pixel, Phone by Google
Content Marketing That Saves the Day: Why You Need to Embrace Hero Assets 
This is  SoTrue. Make sure ur  SocialMedia strategy,  InboundMarketing strategy, and overall  Marketing  Strategy s… 
Accident   I-75-85 NB EXPY SW / RALPH D ABERNATHY BLVD SW 
Ohio bridal shop that closed after visit from Ebola nurse seeks  1M from Dallas hospital - Dallas News  Health  Ne… 
 ZeldaManiac1994 Yeah. But, the chromebook wasn't at fault this time... It was just Google Chrome itself.
Why the Pixel phone isn't called the Google Phone: So when Apple announced its own foray into the...  iphonenews
A wild Koffing has appeared! Available until 17:08:20 (14m 58s). 
I'm gonna download all of the hsj albums and put them on my google play music account
Google 
 hell0jed If it makes you feel any better I get those 404s just trying to use the Google Drive export on Lucidchart.
APPLY TO BE A CO OWNER💫💖
 Snowden Excuse me, Google map game like a Pockemon Go is dangerous ?😦
After I read your tweets, I can't open the App…💦Please let me know !!
Tangela! 57.78% 12/6/8 with Vine Whip & Sludge Bomb! Available until 17:08:05 (14m 48s). 
Abra till 05:07:58pm (14m 47s) 
 IV:88.89% A:15 D:15 S:10 
 M1:Zen Headbutt M2:Shadow Ball 
. TorontoStar . RobynUrback Y can't  GlennThibeault answer simple fundraise question from  ToddSmithPC 
A wild Machoke has appeared! Available until 19:08:04 (14m 49s). 
Oak Park High School's positive message spreading beyond the classroom: It was called the power of positivity... 
Central Division responding to '40 - Other' at 4400 blk Elm St | Beat 116 | | 18:48
Google’s OnHub Router Will Play Nicely With Google Wifi 
Central Division responding to '07 - Minor Accident' at Gaston Ave / La Vista Dr | Beat 144 | | 18:49
 IScreamedWolf  DWTheDoctor_  OnceYouGoBrown also I definitely wanna get it through Google. Gonna unlock the bootloader on this one, I think
"Woman who blames parents for health woes looks to shut down faith healers"
Oh, they're protected under Idaho law 
For those special times :  Captivating  Emoji  Wallpaper  App ! 
Diabetes policy needed in PEI schools, association says  diabetes 
Google Cars. 
The concept of "target efficiency", as applied to transfer programs (like UBI), is total BS. See my old (pdf):
Scyther available until 17:07:53 (14m 47s).
IV:22% (7/2/1)
Moves:Steel Wing/Bug Buzz
Dragonite available at 4915 Union St, Burnaby until 05:07:52pm (14m 47s). 
Google docs + paperpile. Pretty painless way to pull together a paper it turns out.
 MKBHD hey marques what happened to google smartwatch I was also waiting in that so I can buy both phone and smartwatch 😡😡😡😡 !!!
Media Briefing: Google giveth; will Google taketh away? 
Retweeted Green Day ( GreenDay):
Pre-order our new album 'Revolution Radio' on Google Play for only  4.99!... 
Do a google image search for "Trump crowd." Then tell me who made most of those images. 
Can Google Assistant Become the Company's Next Search Engine? (GOOG) investorseurope 
 Google showing 4 paid ads for local searches on mobile: |  localsearch |  SEM |  PPC
Where 7 Hollywood Stylists Shop During Paris Fashion Week 
Trump: Today In 2016: Donald Trump's Lost 'Playboy' Appearances: Welcome to Today In 2016, your daily digest ... 
Trump: Politics|Donald Trump's Slip in Polls Has GOP Worried About Congress: Donald J. Trump prayed with chur... 
Magnemite has appeared near 920 American Rd, 48911! Available until 20:06:04 (13m 6s). 
Raichu  Orange 26.67% (5/2/5) Spark/Thunder! Available until 05:07:46pm (14m 47s). 
Google Share: via  YouTube
Top Consumer Reviews names Outskirts Press  1 in the Self-Publishing Industry: has rel... 
CENTRAL-Kabuto: A wild Kabuto ! Available until 18:05:55 (13m 5s). 
always working hard! Proud of you!
I really wish they just sold Akkerman ink bottles (
Everything you need to know from Google’s Pixel event via  techcrunch
Run for your life — the vexing yet vibrant volatility of college football 
 jimcramer 
"Google's new hardware is promising, but it needs outstanding customer support ..." 
Well, this is terrifying  
College football TV schedule and game previews 
 smallbusiness Small Business Loans: Many small businesses rely on borrowed capital to fue...  entrepreneur  biz
 eHealth News: Healthcare Informatics Faculty Publications  HealthInformatics
Who's sharing what? A content marketing guide 
I'm playing Life Simulator 2016!  lifesim Download it here! IM ONLY DOING FOR MONEY
A wild Sandslash has appeared! Available for 5m 13s. 
 mekosoff I don't have to reveal my google search habits to you
Please find enclosed Stagestruck Program to date... 
A wild Onix has appeared! Available until 11:06:41 (14m 48s). 
<<  OpWhales video 
Please watch and join us <<tweets 
OK Google, Alexa, why can't I choose my own safe, er, wake word?: Hey Cortana: It's all about the syllables
A... 
Who's the idiot who doesn't know unequivocally that the  ClintonFoundation colluded with donors to benefit persoanl… 
Alert!: Koffing has appeared in the Whitebox Circuit North area! disappearing at 11:07 AM!  PokemonGo  Albury
Lickitung has appeared near 5247 Crocus Ave, 48911! Available until 20:03:23 (10m 35s). 
Optus has cut a deal with Nokia to bring 5G to reality  5G
Optus working with Nokia on 5G  5G
Optus And Nokia Are Teaming Up To Develop A 5G Network  5G
Driving out foreign doctors could put patients at risk, NHS watchdog warns  NHS
Optus and Nokia solidify 5G collaboration with MoU  5G
Weezing until 18:59:54 (7m 9s). Moves:Tackle/Dark Pulse. IVs:75.56% (13/15/6)   19702 Twisted Creek Dr 
Optus readies 5G network tests for 2017  5G
The Google Form in my  BreakoutEDU game for  GRAPax has been successfully completed 261 times!  GRA16
Turn any keyword into ARTICLE!  tool  tools Google Introduces Free Version of Site... 
Cast Iron Bridge Plack 1928: Cast iron bridge plack from 1928 Atlantic Bridge Company Greensboro NC, really n... 
A wild Hitmonlee has appeared! 66 % a/d/s 3 15 12 mv: Low Kick Low Sweep until 04:55:42pm (3m 2s). 
GeekDad Academy: The Complete HTML5 Mobile Game ... - GeekDad (blog)  via  google  html5
 KbtaylorKevan google the definition of racist you dumb cunt!  Jrockcalgary  NotNenshi
[Tuas] Porygon until 8:02:01AM at 32 Tuas View Square 
 veldskoen yeah, sorry try this:
My Sea Slug:) 
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor - 
When studying calculus at uni and you have to google how to add fractions with unlike denominators 😒 3WeeksTillExams
I just scored 32,033 on doodle jump!
for android: 
for ios: 
for wp8+… 
Briana Jungwirth 'confirms romance' with singer Jayk Purdy on Twitter and Snapchat  onedirection  1d  liampayne  n…
One Direction And 5SOS Are Both On Hiatus: What Does This Mean For Fans?  onedirection  1d  liampayne  niallhoran …
Hurricane Matthew leaves 11 dead in destructive march toward US - USA TODAY 
Zayn won't be up for Best New Artist at the Grammys  onedirection  1d  liampayne  niallhoran  zaynmalik  harrystyl…
Phoenix Suns' Devin Booker says the team finally 'moving in one direction'  onedirection  1d  liampayne  niallhora…
The new Google phone looks nice. Except for its really large chin.
google what's up with the new pixel phone looking like an iPhone? You guys are better than this.
2016 Nobel Prize In Chemistry Awarded To Trio Of Scientists Who Created World's Smallest Machine  onedirection  1d…
 Aries  Gemini  Cancer bra  Scorpio  Sagittarius  Capricornus do not ascend at east=are not ascendants   … 
 HPEschools Is your server down..trying to log into Google classroom with no lock
 Nowplaying Joe Jackson - Breaking Us in Two at  oldies New  Android App 
Neil Warnock facing huge battle to revive Championship strugglers Cardiff amid huge crisis  onedirection  1d  liam…
 Astrologer can't Answer  Angels  Breaking  News  Astrology  ZodiacFact   FridayReads  journo  Ophiuchus  co… 
Following Hurricane Matthew 
Do any off my friends use Google Allo? Does anybody want to? I do, but don't have anyone to talk to 😞
Google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P First Look: via YouTube 
 AI: Samsung Electronics to acquire artificial intelligence firm Viv, run by Siri co-creator 
How does it stack up with other storms? 
The closet to a natural tech monopoly is probably Google with search. There network effects are a bit stickier.
 AI: Samsung to Acquire Viv, the Next Generation Artificial Intelligence Platform 
Homemade Electronic Drum kit with Arduino Mega2560 
I really, really find it hard to like Google's Pixel.
Hurricane Matthew affecting sports landscape as it approaches East Coast - ESPN  now  google ⚡  topstories
And if you cant figure something out, Google is bae… Google knows all my secrets lol
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 11:06:23 (14m 49s). 
Man, I wished Google added the bépo layout on their keyboard, but apparently not.  google
Arcanine  Anaheim 68.89% (8/15/8) Bite/Fire Blast! Available until 05:07:19pm (14m 48s). 
If you've signed up, please pass it on - 
 google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P first look 
Hands-on with Google’s new Daydream View VR headset [Video]: 
While debuting the Daydream VR ... via 9to5Google
Wikileaks founder Assange reveals his next target: Google - 
From the great folks at  hackaday: Tongue-vision! The future is gloriously bonkers, and we live in it right now. 
Visit this album cover in Google Maps  
 BillEvans
 AtTheMontreuxJazzFestival 
[South Philadelphia] Exeggutor until 8:02:09PM at 45 E Porter St 
 googlearts  googlemaps How many features from this painting can you spot on Street View? 
Omastar  Orange 40.00% (0/12/6) Mud Shot/Rock Slide! Available until 05:07:15pm (14m 47s). 
TwitPane good  
 Google - it's killing  relationships every day. Before they even start. Good and bad.
Samsung acquires Viv, an AI platform from the makers of Siri: Just a day after Google revealed its premium Pi... 
Travel Agents Share Their Best Money-Saving Travel Tips 
Charter, like AT&T, sues Louisville to stall Google Fiber: Charter also claims 1st Amendme… 
[Geylang] Hitmonlee until 8:04:28AM at 321 Geylang Rd  pokemongonews
[Southern Islands] Alakazam until 8:01:31AM at 19 Cove Way  pokemongonews
 canaansmith  Canaanites be sure to enter for M&G for  SundownReady Tour  LYLT  HoleInABottle 
Is your Microsoft Surface’s battery still troublesome? New drivers try another fix  downloader  androidapps
[Tampines] Arcanine until 7:50:39AM at 151 Xilin Ave  pokemongonews
Magnemite has appeared near 735 E Shaw Ln, 48825! Available until 19:52:49 (0m 25s). 
Dogs can die
due2crushing/suffocation
 StopYulin
Keep tweeting PLEASE
tweetsheet- … 
Google fued series: via  YouTube
[Jurong East] Snorlax until 8:02:48AM at 288A Jurong East Street 21  pokemongonews
CNET News Twitter sale could happen in October     - CNET 
CNET News Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET 
What to know about  Google's new Pixel smartphones: via  TravelLeisure  Travel 
While debuting the Daydream VR platform at I/O ... 
corfu 1: corfu 1. corfu 1. Published on October 5, 2016 in BRUSSELS, BELGIUM TO CORFU, GREECE (& VICE VERSA) FOR… 
Yahoo no longer an option...Is that why Google is corrupting searches to favor Killary? 
G+: The Galaxy Note 7′s tendency to explode has been well documented over the past month. Samsung initiated a… 
Google Wifi router and Chromecast Ultra 
 Lakers  GoLakers Tarik Black Takes Advantage Of New Opportunities With Luke Walton's Lakers  SportsRoadhouse
Check out new game - Guess the Youtubers - Free! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
Recent Jobs in an Education Conglomerate Company in Lagos APP= 
Every class has a google classroom and it's so annoying to be doing my homework on there 🙄🙄
Will Google’s rollout of Pixel lead to a broader use of Tizen by Samsung? 
Celiac Diets The business case for going clean label: First Fresh Foods' products are targeted at millennials... 
SEO friendly UNIQUE articles in JUST A CLICK  fiverr  DigitalMarketing How to use Google Webmaster Tool to analyze… 
Early signing period under consideration; Would impact the Irish: Would college football recruiting, with all... 
Why the Pixel phone isn't called the Google Phone  appleiphone
N-Power reassures Candidates that Everyone will write the Assessment Test APP= 
Video games keep kids calm before surgery 
Former Marine receives double arm transplant via .🙏
Unite to  StopYulinForever
 EndYulinFestival
 StopYulin2016
Fight hard with tweetsheet
… 
CNET -  Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? - CNET 
G+: Property Sales Shockley, Evans Mills   268,000 City of Watertown: 139 Bishop St., Harrienger Acquisitions… 
 android  app Google Pixel hands-on: Android's newest premium smartphone  iphone  ipad
OK, Google, I want one ... 
How to Install Google Analytics Code on a WordPress Site - A beginner's Guide   googleanalytics  wordpress  webdev
 Chris_PoLite .... ok ive just googled what i told u to google and the first one has exhibitionism so like be wary LMAO
Google Launches Another Salvo in the Guest Post War - 
My Diadem Dottyback:) 
So  TWTR is worth 10% less because a "source" says Google will not be bidding!? Word! RBC anyone? Might have to pick some up tomorrow.
🔷
Why Focus on Fighting👊
Against 🐶🐱🍴trade
 EndDogMeatTrade 
British Pound Hits Post Brexit Low (GBP/USD)  intactfx
Cnet Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? - CNET 
Google’s new smartphones are about Google, not Android  |  TechCrunch 
 Advertising How  Google’s RankBrain Algorithm Affects  SEO in 2016 
G+: Free Government Apps That Can Help Your Business USPS ­– The U.S. Postal Service app allows you to track… 
Find me a job or project 
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? - CNET
All That New Google Hardware? It's a Trojan Horse for AI - WIRED 
 googlesearch  web World's wisdom in 1 hand site: Google 1st  isnt enough its 1st 3  slots R 
find your dream job 
Motor Vehicle Incident - A033, A037 - Holcombe Blvd - 18:36 - 
Elevator Stuck - L028, HR011, E028 - Post Oak Blvd - Richmond Exit - 18:43 - 
Nidoking! 44.44% 14/6/0 with Fury Cutter & Megahorn! Available until 17:06:50 (14m 46s). 
The Real Reason You Should ALWAYS Be Sleeping On Your Left Side 
Grass Fire - E102, L101, B101 - Eastex Fwy Ib - 18:44 - 
Google AMP Trumps App Indexing In Google Mobile Search Results 
A wild Electabuzz has appeared in 90012! Available until 05:07:00pm (14m 58s). 
G+: How to Set Up and Get Started with Raspberry Pi 3 (Starter Guide) | Gadget Rumours 
Jigglypuff has appeared near 500 E Michigan Ave, 48912! Available until 20:06:39 (14m 37s). 
Nfa students should do my survey for sociology :)))) 
[ IT News ] Google’s Assistant is amazing if you don’t like privacy or encryption  ittwt
100's of influencers
&  celebrities
want to  StopYulin2016
See Here …
ACTION NEEDED! 
Implantable health monitoring - Google wants to get under your skin  google  health  monitoring
Lickitung  Orange 91.11% (14/14/13) Lick/Power Whip! Available until 05:06:48pm (14m 48s). 
G+: Huawei Sets the Date for Mate 9 Unveiling So, we have a date! The Huawei Mate 9 will be announced on November… 
Hitmonlee  42.22 % a/d/s 9 / 5 / 5 mv: Rock Smash Low Sweep until 05:06:46pm (14m 43s). 
 cmgarner_garner  weeklystandard I can back it up, but I don't answer to you. Google that failure if you wish.
Google's Daydream View VR headset is on sale next month for  79 
Someone link me worlds schedule cuz im too lazy to google it
 music_takeOver_ Thank you for following, Spread 🐳  We are on GooglePlus as well 👉  
DocSynk's Machine-Learning Platform for Healthcare Closes  1 Million Seed Funding from Naya ... 
…
Please use above link
B4 going out to protest
to  StopYulin
answers awkward Q's 
 DavidYussen I already ordered through the google store. I would rather eat my own cat than go back to Verizon, even if only for a day.
Gig gets £1m in Seed funding to launch hospitality shift-work app 
“Fitness for every kid:” Milwaukee students celebrate International Walk to School Day: A flood of students, ... 
The Pixel and Pixel XL are no Nexuses, and that concerns pricing as well. Google’s reinvented smartphone divi... 
The Pixel smartphones and the Google Home are amazing new Google devices. But they’re not the best thing Goog... 
For those needing
A short explanation
about YulinFest
show them this
 StopYulin 
 Scarlet_Embers Google doesn't even know it. They made that shit up.
 xtomooo Hey gringo with a head that resembles a worn out toothbrush, your videos are verga. Google that you little BITCH!!!!!
Adding iMessage support sent app downloads soaring  |  TechCrunch 
Look, I got a Badger Meat!
( ・ω・ )
⊃(::::)=3⊂
+ Mushroom
= …!?
 HuntCookGame 
I am currently working on a written version of  Minecraft  MyStory if any of you wanna come and read/leave a comment.
Wasilla legislator plans bill to restore dividend amount: Dunleavy's Anchorage news conference was interrupte... 
Information Assurance/Security Specialist: Leidos, Inc., now a company combining the expertise of Leidos and ... 
If U want 2
 EndDogmeatTrade
 EndCatMeatTrade
Ensure U show this2
yr Gov Rep-ask4 help
The new google pixel phone looks good and all, but it's not worth the price. Seriously,  650? Are you crazy?
 bringbacknexus
Automic's New Tool Suite Smoothes Transition to DevOps  Opines on  DevOps
google pixel for christmas 😭🙏🏻
 Aeroplan West side of Shinjuku station has several hotels & Hotel Sunroute Plaza Shinjuku would be a great choice 
New Corsynth C108 DUAL VCA  5U  Corsynth  new  New_in_2016  New_Modules
Ill give it up, google feud is good for a few big laughs. Can't wait to edit together Friday's video.
Bellsprout at 32.76770486378286, -117.11971924743486! Until 04:57:28pm (5m 42s). 
Hurricane Matthew leaves 11 dead in destructive march toward US - via 
Roland MC-505 Demo Track by Greynote Music  roland  synd
 EndDogMeatTrade
Govs ignore cruelty
Should worry
about healthrisks
"Uh ha. Right. Still. 
I have no beef with the X-Men. Inhumans? Theres a reason its not safe to Google my name anym… 
 Fox35DerrolNail yes, send me over a email to davidstahl23 at Subject FoxNews Orlando
Malfunkn – Mr. PuffnStuff (nine two five)  Elektron  synd
Hillary in seclusion ahead of Sunday debate... 
A wild Lickitung has appeared! 
 Available until 10:06:37am (15m 1s). 
A wild Clefable has appeared! Available until 17:05:45 (14m 3s). 
A glimpse in2 the
 catmeattrade
A rescue revealed
 endCatMeatTrade
 Stopyulin 
A wild Pinsir has appeared near: 12905 93a St! Available until 06:06pm (14m 59s). 
 uh_bril no problem, i figured since you cant use google I'd do my part
 google does Google Home speak/understand Portuguese? And when it will be available in Brazil?
Call Types: Accident
Location: CONGDON AVE & COBBLERS CROSSING
Map Link: 
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 05:06:30pm  (14m 48s). 
Where are incomes highest - and lowest - in NZ? -  
Apple, Google, Coca-Cola top list of 100 most valuable brands - 
SearchCap: Google My Business advanced verify, AdWords Editor update & Google Home featured snippets  marketing
 BenjaminDewil reminder that Trump did the exact same thing 
Google’s Software Sell for Hardware via  vauhinivara
Google’s Assistant is amazing if you don’t like privacy or encryption 
The above link
is a short TWEETSHEET
to tackle Gov bodies
re-Healthrisks
2 stopYulin 
Charmeleon at 32.764269034480435, -117.11484740913419! Until 05:00:50pm (9m 15s). 
Belleville teacher honored with Barack  Obama Library Award - via 
 Google destroys the  Android fan myth that the  iPhone is too expensive -  ZDNet : 
When using automated bidding, start with targets that align with your historical CPA or ROAS.… 
Jigglypuff has appeared near 2400-2498 Webster Rd, 48917! Available until 20:06:21 (14m 48s). 
Wigglytuff (44% IV) (Feint Attack/Play Rough). Until 17:05:55 (14m 23s). 
 juberti  google I can say from first hand experience, this is why families buy iPhones.  Kids  don't need service to text
 Indonesia
Check above link
for info/action
on Indonesian Dog Meat 
A security bug in Google's V8 JavaScript engine is indirectly affecting around one in 16 Android devices, impactin… 
A wild Gyarados has appeared! Available until 11:05:20 (14m 48s). 
Dratini 82.22% (13/14/10) Dragon Breath/Wrap) 'til 17:06:11 
Jigglypuff has appeared near 1812 S Pennsylvania Ave, 48910! Available until 19:51:29 (0m 0s). 
Here's a Google Fact for you. 
Jigglypuff has appeared near 2923 Pinto Cir, 48906! Available until 20:04:30 (13m 2s). 
 BigData  Google  Copywriting based on the science of persuasion 
see above link
if u wish to write
a protest letter
to  stopYulin
 EndYulinFestival 
Personal assistants are ushering in the age of AI at home via  engadget
Haters want to catch me while I'm sleeping Freddy Kruger me. Watch my every move I tell them Google me,
My house will be a battleground, Alexa vs Siri vs Google Assistant! Waiting on XL for next potential phone! 
 ArtificialIntelligence  AI Samsung just bought the AI firm run by the co-creator of... 
John Calipari wants to play college basketball in the summer: You love Mid-American Conference basketball. Ev... 
Creating a new architecture of government through tech and innovation: 
Google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P First Look: via YouTube AndroidAuth
Link above to tweetsheet
nongraphic tweets
to  stopyulin2016
Please Use
What do you think of the Google Pixel phones? Reply and tag jvtechtea and AndroidAuth - we might feature your reaction in a video! AndroidA…
Texas don't miss the October 11th registration deadline!  MAGA3X  Trump2016  GOTV  Cernovich  tedcruz  RNRTexas 
 google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P first look AndroidAuth
 twitter deal gets expedited so Google can control debate.  NeverHillary  ElectionFraud  HillarysAmerica
Global Nanotechnology Market Analysis & Trends - Industry Forecast to 2025 - PR Newswire (press release) ☄  vrai77… 
Google Wifi, a new approach to home Wi-Fi 
Patricia Barus gathered the collection Amusement park! 
Google’s Assistant is amazing if you don’t like privacy or encryption: The Pixel smartphones and the Google H... 
Haiti hit hard by Hurricane Matthew 
Pickup Truck Crashes Into Currency Exchange in Morgan Park 
Hurricane Matthew closes in on south-east US after Haiti target 
FX News: Pound Sterling Euro Exchange Rate Staging Minor Recovery? 
He wants 2live
Hope is fading
as he Witnesses
Brutality2 Others
Pls use-… 
Why the Pixel phone isn't called the Google Phone - CNET  GN
Interesting... let a generation go by and I might consider it. For now I'll stick with  SamsungMobile 
Apply these 7 Rules for Explosively FAST Web Sites! ~  SiteSpeed, Wordpress, Hosting
 ArtificialIntelligence  AI Google’s Assistant is amazing if you don’t like privacy or encryption 
And let's just add I can't read a google map for shit 😂
We allow you to publish unlimited apps to itunes,  Google play & amazon kindle for one low monthly price, 
Economic climate big worry for family firms amid EU uncertainty: SCOTTISH family businesses h...  FamilyBusiness
Every morning I just google 'house' and sometimes stuff come up 😂😂😂  NewGirl
Buying a Google Pixel? Consider Republic Wireless, Project Fi - PC Magazine 
No need 4this
Barbaric Behaviour
Revelling in torture
of Our Best friends
DANK 100% Krabby! IVs:15/15/15 with Mud Shot/Water Pulse until 17:06:01 (14m 43s).  PokemonGO  PokeArcadia 
Top story: Google's self-driving cars hit 2 million miles see more 
GES families! Here is the link to my classroom website! It's a work in progress... 
mrsmadduxclass -  gesshineon
 NickiMinaj  Deals NICKI MINAJ PINK FRIDAY EAU DE PARFUM 1.7OZ (50ML) SPRAY - WOMEN'S FOR HER. NEW  Google  Trend
Google will not make a Twitter bid; Apple bid unlikely, sources say 
Why do Americans want wind and solar power? 
 daringfireball its very interesting timing given Google's Pixel and assistant announce. Shots fired?
Im mad i just tried to google caesar salad and i typed caesar and just hit enter and it pulled up caesar zeppeli
iPhone users be like bashing Google for copying their phone design, but in fact apple copied htc design first HAHAHAHAH.
Hoisted up by the
Ears/Nose
2b stabbed & worse
Such Pointless Cruelty!
Two Ulster towns working on solar farm laws 
convert short rss to FULL STORY  RSS!  autoblogging  contents Google couldn't stop copying Apple, Amazon, and…
 MP Why the Pixel phone isn't called the Google Phone - CNET
How to Update and Root Nexus 6P on NBD90X Android 7.0 Nougat 
 w_biltmore85 never know bro .. Crm might have bid so high Google can't match ? 😁
 elizabethgurdus RECODE just reported that Google and Apple are not interested in GOOG. Think they are just posturing?
Pixel's best features aren't coming to the new version of Android 
anvaka/time - Simple Google Sheets interface to track time by anvaka  javascript via JavaScriptKicks
A wild Arcanine has appeared! Available until 02:05:55 (14m 48s). 
World War Three will be 'extremely lethal': US Army bosses prediction for terrifying war with Russia ...: As… 
Alliance signs Armada's brother, Android 
One in every 16 Android devices is affected by BadKernel 
Digital Marketing Talents CEO Gets Recognized As Payoneer Entrepreneur Of The Year 
Stop dismissing cruelty as a matter of cultural norms!
Google Pixel hands-on: Android's newest premium smartphone 
Birmingham Water Works implements water restrictions with 'Stage 2' drought advisory 
Birmingham Water Works announces Stage-2 drought advisory 
SCORE to host digital marketing workshop 
Digital Marketing Talent's CEO Gets Recognized As Payoneer Entrepreneur Of The Year 
Sharing our NE region green screen videos through Google Classroom! So easy to share out with parents and students!… 
Wireless Passwords From Airports And Lounges Around The World 
Business Digest: Digital marketing firm opens Austin offices 
where to find an albatross
"I'm going to Google how to become friends with your neighbors"
 OpBeast raise awareness to ban SICK Bestiality  WoofWoofWednesday 🔴 
Rhyhorn 
IVs:93% (14/13/15)
Move1:Rock Smash
Move2:Horn Attack
Until 18:00:47 (9m 44s). 
 Snorlax appeared! Available until 19:54:19 (3m 26s). IV: 75.56% (13/15/6) Moves: Zen Headbutt/Hyper Beam 
Ignoring such barbaric behavior
4political correctness' sake
is WRONG!
Going my way?  Waze rolls out ride-sharing for commuters in Bay Area  Google  SiliconValley 
Whoa! You Can Watch Google's Ongoing Live Event Here 
Grimer! IV:71.11%,(7/10/15) till 05:05:47pm.   UBC 
[Punggol] Dragonair (84.44%)!! Atk: 15 | Def: 14 | Stm: 9
 Until 08:05:44. 14m 47s left. 
The Key To Happiness is letting each situation be what it is <3  inspiration 
Type in Harry Potter prequel PDF and click on the first link on Google. It's not really a "story".... 
Out of all things to be added to their services, I can't believe Google won't add language filter to play books
Diet Doctor: Doctor: Low-fat diets stuffed with misconceptions: David Ludwig is professor of ped... Diet Doctor:
Introducing the word ‘culture’
Fails 2dilute these atrocities
 Stopyulin
Pls help!
I've reached level 16. I earned   29000 and €2!  Android  Androidgames  Gameinsight
 shaiischnittka  belleastbury  pag google translate mo
Thanks google for bringing high-quality  VR to everyone 
 DaydreamView  google  pixel  webdesign  design  ui  ux  …
Did Tom Brady Photoshop His Face Onto Jay Z's Body? 
Get Paradise Island for free on Android! Join my friends!  Gameinsight  Android  Androidgames
Live dogs watch torture!
Pls use tweetsheet
To  StopYulin
… …
Actions in tweetsheet 
No answers for how boy died at inflatable amusement park - 
Remains of the Day: Google Cast App Rebranded as Google Home 
YouTube & Google Plus Finally Separating   YT  Google  SEO  YouTubePartner  Video  Media  UX 
Chaos in the CBD - Invisible Spectrum  NowPlaying  6music
Mymarketplace New Blog Post: Uncommon AdSense  adsense  ebook  google  strategies  techniques  tips
Cool stuff!
All of Google's new products share a common element via  YahooFinance  NISDCoach
Though it may make me sound ignorant, because I did google it and watched videos, etc. with step by step... 
Google launched the wi-Fi Service If you talking for online company and the name of Google spoke Without so it wou 
A wild Gastly has appeared! 88 % a/d/s 14 15 11 mv: Lick Dark Pulse until 05:03:31pm (12m 48s). 
 FB~😀SEO: ✪Submit your YouTube,  Facebook, Google Video to over 30 of the 
Bring truth out of darkness
2Preserve Humanity&Compassion
 NoFur
… … 
Google this and read first four articles and then yes the Democrat ones too. It's a bipartisan problem. Tool. "vete… 
Daft Punk Alive World Tour 2017??? 
Chromecast Ultra: Getting 4K video the Google way -  SDN  cloud_computing
 juberti  google apples imessage is the best of both worlds
Text without service
&
Receive texts from those with service
NO NEV I DIDN'T USE GoogleE TRANSLATE THIS TIME 
The mobile wars are over 
 woofwoofwednesday We want Google to take action against Child Pornography and Bestiality  OpBEAST 
Google Analytics Academy Certification Guide Pt 2 <-- Read   Analytics  Google  CTA  SEO  UX 
Panel to pick poll officials listed as current team quits: Those earlier nominated by the rel...  KenyanICCCases
That call about your utility bill is likely a scam 
Help!
Dogs suffer
Pain & hardship
Prior to slaughter
Pls use-… … 
NBoeing Trade Rumors: Victor Oladipo To Cavs, Kevin Love To Thunder  NBoeing
 julieroginsky  dagorosso  jeremibrown730 Well D. Rumsfield Lost 2.3  Trillion   during his time in office 
Patricia Barus gathered the collection Poker Combinations! 
NBoeing Free Agency: Ray Allen To Complete The Cavaliers Roster; The New York Knicks Are Also In ...  NBoeing
Police issue warning after attempted Microsoft computer scam 
Chansey  64 % a/d/s 4 15 10 mv: Zen Headbutt Dazzling Gleam until 05:05:29pm (14m 52s). 
 grantxphan actually most muslims are inbred. google it :)
"Google Sununu and Waterville Valley and see what pops up." Don't mind if we do...  nhpolitics  nhgov
Recode: Twitter won't see bids from Google, Apple; TWTR -5.5%  GOOG  Google  Apple  TWTR  CRM  DIS 
Phone Scam Warning: Police 
A wild Nidoking has appeared! Available until 16:59:56 (9m 16s). 
Tulle A-line Wedding Dress Sophia Tolli: google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1837596250745322… 
 HillaryClinton  business 
Lets talk about YOUR TAX PROBLEMS!
Awesome! Here is my  Youtube playlist and the  googledoc with all of my lessons… 
 Google  What is the polio-like illness paralyzing US children - CNN 
Mike Pound: Your meatloaf recipe says a lot about you: There was nothing fancy about my mom's meatloaf recipe... 
A wild Snorlax has appeared! Available until 16:57:23  (6m 50s). 
 sarahkehoe To learn about best practices for expanded text ads, read this article: (2)
 WoofwoofWednesday  OpBeast ••BoeingN BESTIALITY•• Tweets: Site: 
Top story: Four Important Google Drive Updates Teachers Should Know about ~ Edu… see more 
Portugal's Antonio Guterres is set to be the next UN secretary-general  PKO
Bunch of savages working  google 🔥🔥🔥 
 News Economic diplomacy brief: ASEAN fans, TPP sans Australia, PNG hospital pass and more: The first survey ... 
In 2011
Jinhua Hutou dogmeat festival
got cancelled!
-Yulin resurrected it!
Trending: SearchCap: Google My Business advanced verify, AdWords Editor update … see more 
All of our new Box of Balloons chapters are starting to receive birthday box requests! If you live near Box of... 
Google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P First Look: via YouTube
 NowPlaying beenie_man-who_am_i by beenie_man  DL Hawaii Nine-0 Radio App On Itunes or Google Play 
 woofwoofwednesday  OpBeast Ban Bestiality in New Hampshire More Petitions: 
Spotlight on Google Tag Manager: Open and Secure Tag Management 
What do you think of the Google Pixel phones? Reply and tag jvtechtea and AndroidAuth - we might feature your reaction in a video!
The  Google Phone via  verge   pixel
Arcanine  80 % a/d/s 12 13 11 mv: Fire Fang Flamethrower until 05:05:04pm (14m 43s). 
How to Use  Google RankBrain in  SEO All That New Google Hardware? It's a Trojan Horse for AI - WIRED
 daiconrad here's one that was incidentally reported by an MTurk worker to have showed up in a HIT today 
Seadra! 55% Dragon Breath|Hydro Pump (6-14-5) 04:58:41pm 8m 19s 
8 things you need to know about Google AMP  seo 
Twitter is down almost 10% in after-hours trading: news broke indicating Google wasn't interested in a buyout.
Part of me thinks it would be interesting to see Twitter with Apple, but mostly I’m just relieved it won’t wind up… 
 DaydreamView  google  pixel via AWWWARDS
World Mining Congress 2016: Rio de Janeiro, October 18 
 morganwarstler Yelp doesn't have an intelligent assistant. Only Alexa, Siri, Cortana, Google. Yelp goes through them, pays toll.
 Ten9Promo Purchase the ‘Redline’ EP by  7thDaySlumber HERE: Google Play: Cop=||||||||||||||||||!  vsrmusicgroup
A Note on Google Assistant’s Fluidity and Speech Recognition: I have a bit of a love-hate relationship with G... 
Here's what you missed at the inaugural Meadows Music Festival  nyc  music
Interesting...  HIV 
Samsung acquires Viv, an AI platform from the makers of Siri Just a day after Google revealed its premium Pixel... 
Home Media Joint Base San Antonio > Home > Media Releases 
A wild Vulpix appeared!
It will be on The North Shore until 7:59 PM.
 Pittsburgh  Pokemon
New job, new tech. Look what newfangled thing I figured out by myself! Google box Jumbotron  growthmindset… 
No Google bid for Twitter is good for UX. Google would have really ruined tweeting. 
Google Pixel phone launched to take on iPhone 
Here's how a Trump win could knock 7% off the stock market  money  stock  news  trading
Interested in becoming a member of the Navigator Staff next year? Submit an application!
Thanks  google for bringing high-quality  VR to everyone 
 DaydreamView  google  pixel
3 stock tips for first-time investors  money  stock  news  trading
 Jbene6  carlymccraex  nicoledevonee he's my man too Google Joe but he needs to relax
Stock Information  money  stock  news  trading
 google what's up with the new pixel phone looking like an iPhone? You guys are better than this.
Everything good about Tesla stock might already be 'priced in'  money  stock  news  trading
Post-Brexit Volatility: British Pound Plunges to 31-Year Low as Stock Markets Hit Record High  money  stock  news …
Scientists claim maximum human lifespan is 115 years despite records of person living... 
Dividend Stocks Take a Hit  money  stock  news  trading
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 17:02:03 (11m 47s). 
Begin your life with a healthy lifestyle every day, visit this site for more information 
Great Panther Silver Ltd's Stock Explained in 4 Charts  money  stock  news  trading
Is This Pricey Blood Test Worth It for Personalized Nutrition? 
Exeggcute has appeared! Available until 20:04:38  (14m 33s). 
EyeEm Strikes Deal with Adobe Stock, Will Sell Photos in Premium Collection  money  stock  news  trading
 pierce only if they actively update it and actually take into account user requests. echo still has WAY more backers than Google Home.
Charter, like AT&T, sues Louisville to stall Google Fiber 
Hold up I need a  matthewdelly break!-  hannahtaunt then proceeds to pull out her phone and google DELLY.... during a timeout  cavs
Acuity Brands stock tumbles after earnings miss  money  stock  news  trading
Jigglypuff has appeared near 1214 Lathrop St, 48912! Available until 20:04:27 (14m 19s). 
Scott Xylo - Fireflies Coloured In Violet (feat. T'nah)  nowplaying  bbc6music
Illegal Stock Tips and Risky Loans  money  stock  news  trading
 Samsung acquires Viv, an  AI platform from the makers of  Siri: Just a day after Google revealed its…  Gadgets
Why the Pixel phone isn't called the Google Phone: Google's answer to Apple's iPhone has always been the stuff of… 
 acquisition  ai Samsung acquires Viv, an AI platform from the makers of Siri: Just a day after Google revealed… 
A wild Lickitung has appeared! Available until 19:04:55 (14m 48s). 
Because I have a Deepwater Horizon movie hangover... 
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor - Recode 
Pixel or iPhone? What Your Choice of Smartphone Says About You - Seeker 
Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Which smart speaker will win the battle for your living room? - 
[searches for "tiger horse"]
[gets primarily search results with hypothetical hybrid species instead of the horse breed]
thx google
Lenovo aims to get top position in Indian PC marketplace - The TeCake 
Police looking for hatchet-wielding robber who targeted woman in Queens - WABC-TV -
Renewable energy faces stormy weather  energy
[video] Anonymous F* The New World Order  nwo
Have you seen Google's new phone yet: 
[video] PUTIN warns US about the NEW WORLD ORDER 2016!! Please Share with urgency  nwo
 _Makada_  grannygethealth  Ricky_Vaughn99 google needs to be broken up just like AT&T was.
Outpouring of support for Ruby Tuesday cook who walks 18 miles to work 
 jvtechtea  AndroidAuth I think the Google Assistant will be its biggest selling point
Third time’s the charm:  Google is trying to be a phone company, again 
SearchCap: Google cross-device retargeting, science datasets & JavaScript  SEO  rustybrick
 ItsFantastic: Fantastic Fridays 'Unofficial'  A3C Afterparty at  MJQ_Concourse (Oct. 7)
Game Dev Afterwork - Nantes  crowdfunding
 Cats
Caged/Confused
& about 2b noosed
& boiled alive
 MGdonalds_ google translation 😂
Because they are all fratboy, vc, boardroom frolicers that think money and brains are synonymous...and white. 
King of dark fantasy. Summon today. App Store: Google Play:  DarkSummoner
Google bets on palliative care with  32M for Aspire Health -  GoogleAlerts
A wild Jolteon has appeared in 90015! Available until 05:04:42pm (14m 47s). 
 bbelden330 Fournier, google image search Fournier
Chick-fil-A Fort Wright opens Oct. 6: The Book House, built from reclaimed wood, is donated by...  ReclaimedWood
Amazon yes, Google play, 
 JamesSACorey We all do.  Google Play?
Marrano building safer, more energy efficient homes: West Seneca-based Marrano Homes is again setting the sta... 
Caruso Homes Opens New Home Community In Historic Wake Forest: Caruso Homes will offer the latest in new home... 
A wild Gastly appeared at Haymount!
Available until 8:02 PM.
 FayPokemon  PokeWatchFAY
Turn it up. Have a cup of coffee. 
Do you know ' Amaterasu?' She is such a pretty goddess!
iOS:
Android:
Welp, with Google not opting to bid on Twitter, there are zero sensible acquirers left. Its fate looks grim, destined for mismanagement
 CleanMaster cleaned out 367MB of junk from my device! Think you can do better? 
Flight grounded by smoke from samsung phone  Facebook  android  app go to 
If you have to google if something is legal before you do it... 🤔
It's been almost 6 hours and they still didn't manage to put the fucking Films on Google Play!!! 😭😭😭😭
Butterfree  Santa Ana 53.33% (9/11/4) Confusion/Signal Beam! Available until 05:04:33pm (14m 48s). 
Motor Vehicle Accident | DALLAS FT WORTH SERV EB / CHALK HILL RD () | | EN16 | 160038 | 18:49 | A
Mainland girls tennis grabs top playoff seed  southjersey  news
Texas teen testifies about forced abortion by relatives via 
 AndroidAuth Can a other company us the Nexus bc google changed it to pixel?
Usher's 'No Limit' Rises to No. 1 on R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay Chart  Chart_Beat  Google  UAE  UK… 
DANK 97% Exeggcute! IVs:15/14/15 with Confusion/Ancient Power until 17:03:41 (13m 56s).  PokemonGO  PokeArcadia 
'Say Aye!' Self-Help Guru Tony Robbins Energizes Tech Disruptors at Dreamforce 
I think in 8 years, we'll remember October 4, 2016. Keeping this  USATODAY front page.  MadeByGoogle… 
LETTER: Ending agreement with Pa. is a tax hike  southjersey  news
Hitmonlee at 321 Geylang Rd, [Geylang] up til 8:04:28AM.  
University of Louisiana at  SaturdayNightSpecial - Lafayette. It's on google maps.
So Google is out.. the only likely and able suitor. Tomorrow is going to be brutal.. 
[Geylang] Hitmonlee until 8:04:28AM at 321 Geylang Rd 
Advantage Finance LLC Takes the Next Step towards Making Title Loans Affordable for the Masses 
Bruce Springsteen Says He 'Admires' Colin Kaepernick's National Anthem Protest  Rock… 
When  BarstoolBigCat has to set  JimTuscaloosaAl straight
Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin Space Capsule Aces Dramatic In-Flight Escape Test - 
Interfaith Stitchers form in South Brunswick on Sunday  southjersey  news
Samsung to Acquire Viv, the Next Generation Artificial Intelligence Platform - Business Wire (press release) 
Spojmie Nasiri Has Been Recognized Among the Top in Her Industry by the Expert Network©: Today, Mrs. Nasiri i... 
 RemoveMyName  identity  privacy Does It Work Privacy Eraser Pro  onlineprivacy  myname  removal
Go to google then 2 Wikipedia plug in Pence's bio. 
Alternative Lending Market Is No Fad 
Art and real estate  art
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor via /r/technology  tech  news
 fromADMwithlove yep, tick the checkbox for remote participation on the google form ; so glad you are willing to join in!
 JamesSACorey lots of subscription based things like Pandora or even Amazon Prime. If you Google a song, they often give buying options
CCA and T-Mobile talk 5G, IoT, VoLTE and policy - RCR Wireless News 
Half of IT decision makers admit they don't have a cybersecurity strategy in place - Healthcare IT News ☄  vrai777… 
 SpicyBlog But just music? No way. Google or Apple.
Wikileaks founder Assange reveals his next target: Google via /r/technology  tech  news
 PSA PEOPLE: WHEN YOU MOVE YOU HAVE TO UPDATE YOUR VOTER REGISTRATION. Info here :  GALive
Type in your name in google followed by glamour shot 😂😂
Charter, like AT&T, sues Louisville to stall Google Fiber: Charter also claims 1st Amendment violation of right to “speak” as TV provider. …
tweets against  Iceland whaling  OpWhales 
 ABC7NY I went to see if I could verify that this is a thing, but google made things dumb. 
google search 
 What the fuck
Hands-on with Google’s new Daydream View VR headset [Video]  925Google
NORTHEAST-Goldeen: A wild Goldeen has appeared! Available until 18:03:18 (13m 57s). 
Mankey has appeared near 254 W Grand River Ave, 48823! Available until 20:01:24 (11m 56s). 
I'm now a D-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
I just received a reward: Destroyer  Androidgames  Gameinsight  Android
Amazing presentation from  chicargill on reframing gender  ulearn16  Gender
 samuelgreaves_ if you're not scared enough, google recent clown sightings.
Why does “w/” mean “with”? That’s impossible to google.
How to Update and Root Nexus 6P on NBD90X Android 7.0 Nougat  Facebook  android  app go to 
A wild Jolteon has appeared! Available until 17:04:13  (14m 48s). 
Pixel's best features aren't coming to the new version of Android  Facebook  android  app go to 
Alliance signs Armada's brother, Android  Facebook  android  app go to 
A wild Wigglytuff has appeared! Available until 17:04:24 (14m 54s). 
One in every 16 Android devices is affected by BadKernel  Facebook  android  app go to 
Google Pixel hands-on: Android's newest premium smartphone  Facebook  android  app go to 
Waco police warn of immigration scam - Waco Tribune-Herald: Waco police warn of immigration scamWaco Tribune-... 
Waco ISD Police charge student after "Creepy Clown" threat confession - KHOU.comWaco ... 
 tiakall Just watching Google Maps. I'll make a decision in the morning. It's not even supposed to get here until Friday PM.
 googlepixel When will the USB Type C 18w charger be available in the google store. I need a extra charger when I receive my preorder
NY Poverty Update: Forbes 400 Members Who Crossed The Party Line For Presidential Donations 
Wakeboarder cruises across flooded vineyard in Australia  Facebook  android  app go to 
 NewLifeDecatur Agape Athletics  Basketball registration now open:  YouthSports
How Florida could get slammed twice by Hurricane Matthew in one week  Facebook  android  app go to 
Here we go withThe mobile wars are over John Biggs
A wild Aerodactyl has appeared! Available until 02:04:06 (14m 49s). 
Here we go withHey, Sao Paolo startups, want to meet up on Friday? John Biggs
Google 'Sununu' 'Waterville' 'NHPR' go ahead, do it.  nhpolitics  nhgov
Boston company says some insulin pumps open to cyberattack: Johnson & Johnson warned ... 
 WeLoveLA  Lakers Tarik Black Takes Advantage Of New Opportunities With Luke Walton's Lakers  SportsRoadhouse
iPhone 7 smashes Pixel in early benchmark tests: Google’s Pixel and Pixel XL may pack the fastest smartphone ... 
Sales Trainer: Sales Representatives/Consultants, High end skincare range / Pharmacy Products / Excellent Ter... 
Verizon leaks more Google Pixel phone images ahead of its release today 
Massive stage erected outside Cow Palace for U2's Dreamforce concert. Bring on  Dreamfest  df16  
Cancer diagnosis? Groups are here to help: Look Good, Feel Better — Professionals who give hair, make-up and ... 
 TWTR a/h took nose dive after the news  google, Apple as unlikely to bid 
Tyra Banks Says You're Washing Your Face Wrong: Banks says in a YouTube video announcing the launch of her ne... 
After two million miles, Google's robot car now drives better than a 16 year old via  nuzzel thanks  ejacqui
 Variety According to google translator, this is "sorry, not sorry" in traditional Chinese:  遺憾，不後悔
STG Taps Bill Scott as VP of Cybersecurity and Secure Information Systems 
Paul Massey says he’ll be the on-time mayor 
"Sources say it was a Samsung Galaxy S7"
Great day for Google to launch Pixel. 
Cyber Security Update: WADA's Incident Response 
Weekend away from trendy Melbourne? Google Nobbies. 
 Packers Offense turns back to Richard Rodgers at tight end  SportsRoadhouse
Google, DJI, AIO Robotics, Textpert, FuturizeX, and many more are sponsoring the event...what more could you ask fo… 
After Google, It is Microsoft Now, Surface Phone Specs Seem Odd Yet Interesting 
google search : how to post on social media without people knowing I haven't left the house in 3 days
Pls use your voice🔊
+ join us to:
ACTIONS↣…
 EndCatMeatTrade 
Bulbasaur has appeared near 1820-1944 E Mt Hope Ave, 48910! Available until 20:01:00 (11m 51s). 
 ItTakesATeacher to know when to step back & let learners fly via  googleforedu
Man this is so wrong? vote for honesty, vote  Donald Trump! 
 inktober day:???? idk anymore. just to clear the air yes that's a horse frm google. getting used to these markers. 
Google promotes claim it's NOT possible for ethnic minorities to be racist against white people,Truth!but they Free 
Magic Submitter: Watch how magic submitter pushes you to the top of Google sends you qualified traffic. 
Scientific Games' SG Universe Wins Global Gaming Award for Land-Based Gaming Innovati... 
 tedhood16  google  twitter they suppress those who hurt their agenda... another milo 😔here his last tweets... 
Samsung acquires Viv, an AI platform from the makers of Siri 
Just a day after Google revealed its premium Pixel p…
TRAPPED!
BY Live  sparrows wired
2cages b4
VILE torture
Get the  FreeDemRadio Android App TODAY! 
Method divine breath orderly negativity.1 en route to google present-time 40 days - my stealthy automation electric soldering iron: IcFl
Google's Self-Driving Car Program Odometer Reaches 2 Million Miles - Wall Street Journal - 
The federal government's goal is to eliminate traffic deaths within 30 years.  driverless  car  tech
Vulpix has appeared near 2320 Dunlap St, 48911! Available until 20:00:46 (11m 43s). 
Very
Nice use of Google Translate 👏 
Now this is tempting: Google  Wifi offers modular, customizable home networking |  TechCrunch… 
Dratini until 19:03:49 (14m 47s). Moves:Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail. IVs:11.11% (1/2/2)   19715 Shores Edge Dr 
Bulbasaur 
IVs:75% (13/6/15)
Move1:Vine Whip
Move2:Power Whip
Until 17:57:56 (8m 55s). 
Stop  cat theft
Stop DELIBERATE torture
Tweet this- 
Music roundup: Lindsey Stirling bringing high energy show to Milwaukee on Oct. 14: Lani Hall is a two-time Gr... 
Google Open Source Blog:Introducing Cartographer via  google
Hamptons Cheat Sheet: Elliman sues hedge fund bro, East Hampton’s paddleboard existentialism … 
Tennessee don't miss the registration deadline of October 11th!  MAGA3X  Trump2016  GOTV  Cernovich  RNRTennessee 
Dragon Quest Builders Review: Square Enix takes a JRP&G classic fuses it with elements of Minecraft in Dragon ... 
Health insurance startup sending NYC jobs to Arizona  startup
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor  google
NPR: Meet The Man Tapped To Become The Next U.N. Secretary-General. 
Jigglypuff has appeared near 1408 Cambridge Rd, 48911! Available until 20:03:26 (14m 30s). 
'Alien Megastructure' Star Keeps Getting Stranger 
 google how about letting gmail accept Style tags and better HTML instead of ripping off the iPhone. Just a thought.
Should You Implement That New Google Feature?  Marketing  Moz 
Members: by purchasing a shirt from the Physics Club in support of a good cause, you can gain 1 hour/shirt! (2 max) 
Google's VR Headset Is Daydream View - UploadVR 
Google Pixel phone hands-on !! - 
google pixel video,
google pixel phone,
google pixel hands on,
google pixel c,
... 
 MeadBadger "OK Yelp" "Ok Alexa" Google gets none of that.
Google Announces Pixel, Chromecast Ultra, Daydream View & More: Google debuted several new products at yester... 
Wait!wait Google .... Wait,. 
A wild Dragonair 66.67%IV has appeared! Available until 02:03:38 (14m 47s). 
 laylanavidi should be a fairly easy google search. I'm sure most list whether their counters are white marble or not on their homepage 😂
Hands-on with Google’s new Daydream View VR headset [Video] 
Squirtle! IV:64.44%,(15/13/1) till 05:03:39pm.   UBC 
Google Store clears Nexus 6P, Nexus 5X, and a few other non-Google branded products via 
emilyj: Indie Comedy “Home Again” Adds Candice Bergen  screenwriting
21 Soothing Practices For Deep Relaxation-Part 2 
Look! A Chansey is working out in San Marino! Available until 04:57:02pm (8m 14s). 
Starting at  649? Google, that's starting a bit steep for an introductory phone, no?  pixelphone
[Southern Islands] Alakazam until 8:01:31AM at 19 Cove Way 
 Thecnonews Donald Trump was a top economist, according to Google     - CNET 
[West Philadelphia] Arcanine until 7:57:51PM at 5774 W Jefferson St 
 Cambodia
 Laos
 Nigeria
PLEASE
 FriendsNotFood
 dogs deserve better 
 Thecnonews Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET 
Google Home more interesting than  GooglePixel to me. It need to have more functionality than just answering questions and playing music tho
A wild Charmeleon has appeared! Available until 02:03:34 (14m 48s). 
Diver killed by stingray: He died caring for his 'babies': The Manpower Ministry said it has instructed UWS t... 
How Google definitely crushed Apple in its latest product launch 
QUOTES, PRESIDENT, THE PUNISHER, MIDDLE FINGER, GUN
ThankYouBernie: LeeCamp GottaBernNow Yahoo there's an insinuation that Google is somehow safer. This bothers me.
Leonardo Di Caprio Tells Obama He Will Be Going to Mars with Elon Musk 
9 Ailments Turmeric Can Help Treat | Rodale's Organic Life 
50  smallbusiness Ideas for the Social Butterfly -  smallbusiness Trends - 
Good Morning. Everyone have a wonderful day 
Boeing: We'll Beat Elon Musk To Mars 
9to5Google: Hands-on with Google's new Daydream View VR headset [Video] 
Central Division responding to '46A - CIT w/Ambulance' at 1000 blk S RIVERFRONT BLVD | Beat 151 | | 18:44
Google's event yesterday was a real 'OK Google' nightmare 
 Chelseaa_BE I get it here in fs. But I'm sure you can find people in midland. Google it!
 madebygoogle Will the current Google Now become powered by Google Assistant on existing hardware ?
Biz Break: Elon Musk gets a Mars-or-bust challenge from Boeing 
Be free.. be awesome  
Hotels beside Norfolk outlet mall construction site sold 
Life is a song, love is the music. 
Quote of the Day 
Boeing CEO: the first people on Mars will arrive on a Boeing rocket 
The Atlantic Endorses Hillary Clinton, Just Third Endorsement in Magazine's History 
Your iOS Distribution certificate has been revoked. | Xcode  
Elon Musk's SpaceX Has Company In The Race To Mars 
The Atlantic's overhyped endorsement of Hillary Clinton 
Against Donald Trump 
Boeing CEO Challenges SpaceX, Elon Musk in Race to Mars 
 teksquisite  NetworkWorld  If interested in voting fraud, Google "Greg Palast" and "Best Democracy Money Can By film". He's touring with it
AndroidAuth: Google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P First Look: via YouTube
Latest Ohio poll suggests Hillary Clinton might have a shot there 
GameGaz Daily 2016.10.6【 大人のためのゲーム講座〜まもすけblog】
Trump settles classroom dispute over his 'orange hair' - New York Post
New York Post
Trump settles classroom dis… 
Tech in Africa: Google's Allo messenger and a taxi app war 
AndroidAuth: What do you think of the Google Pixel phones? Reply and tag jvtechtea and AndroidAuth - we might feature your reaction in a vi…
Google’s New  Chromecast Reveals How It Sees the Future of TV  Google 
Fed's Fischer: Evidence that natural rate of interest has fallen 
AndroidAuth:  google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P first look 
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple is also an unlikely suitor via  instapaper
A wild Snorlax has appeared! Available until 17:02:16 (13m 49s). 
From the 80s Russ Taff Breathe Life Into Me on  D/L our apps from Google and Apple.
-built on criminality/cruelty
Corruption 4Maximum profit
10 mobile content marketing tips: Sites offering a poor user experience (UX) on smartphones and tablets got b... 
Mossberg: How Google's bold moves shake up the tech industry  
"Google Pixel vs. Pixel XL: Which should you buy?"  tech  feedly 
Donald Trump was a top economist, according to Google     - CNET: A query for top economist on the search sit... 
A wild Weezing appeared near Trelleborg! It will stay around until 01:58.
Twitter sale could happen in October     - CNET: Twitter told potential buyers it wants to announce a deal wh... 
G+: Enjoyed spending time in Antigua --> Top Things To Do in Antigua, Guatemala - Goats On The Road… 
BRIEF-Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor - Recode, citing sources 
 Nowplaying Kenny Rogers - Lady at  oldies New  Android App 
New industrial gold mine starts up in Suriname: PARAMARIBO--Surgold, a subsidiary of US mining multinational ... 
Why those aren't aligned  google? 
Eevee  91 % a/d/s 11 15 15 mv: Quick Attack Body Slam until 04:50:42pm (2m 17s). 
From Studios to Two Bedrooms: 5 Brooklyn Apartments for Less Than  473K  music  nyc
relex: Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET: Technically Incorrect: In a launch ad f... 
Snorlax 82% (12/14/11/Zen Headbutt/Body Slam) till 17:03:17 (14m 48s). 
 technews Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET: Technically Incorrect: In a launch a... 
New: U.S., Other Nations Sign Declaration on Armed Drone Exports  BuzzDrone  UAV
Will Google's rollout of Pixel lead to a broader use of Tizen by Samsung? 
Will Google's rollout of Pixel lead to a broader use of Tizen by Samsung?  marshmallowmag
 cr_valkyrie google searched!
 ComputerTechnology - Babbage: Elevated intelligence - an article of the  economist  gtaisi
Twitter sale could happen in October     - CNET: Twitter told potential buyers it wants to announce a d... [BOT]
Google’s Daydream View VR headset goes on sale next month for  79 
I'm torn between getting either the iPhone 7 Plus or the new Google  PixelPhone 😅.
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET: Technically Incorrect: In a launch ad fo... [BOT]
So far Neutron is my favorite player for streaming, followed by UpNp Monkey and BubbleUpNp... I need one that is... 
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET: Technically Incorrect: In a launch a...  CNETNews
hurricane - Google Search 
Donald Trump was a top economist, according to Google     - CNET: A query for top economist on the sear... [BOT]
Twitter sale could happen in October     - CNET | Read: via CNET©
Watch Dogs PS3 Sony video game NEW FACTORY SEALED- FREE SHIPPING!!!!! 
 Nokia Will Google's rollout of Pixel lead to a broader use of Tizen by Samsung?  
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET | Read: via CNET©
 AndroidChatroom Will Google's rollout of Pixel lead to a broader use of Tizen by Samsung?  
SEO News: Google My Business testing advanced verification process for spammy map categories 
Donald Trump was a top economist, according to Google     - CNET: A query for top economist on the search site included Donald Trump ...
Not OK, Google via  techcrunch
Gastly appeared at Yulek Pantai Cheras until 7:58 AM.
 Gastly  PantaiCheras  MYPokeWatch  Cheras
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET: Technically Incorrect: In a launch ad for its new phone, Google plays ...
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
  
 banettite google CFNM
I'm playing Life Simulator 2016!  lifesim Download it here! hey
handwerk magazin 
CHECK OUT ARTIST OF THE WEEK  DAYDABoeingSS 🤗  
 OilersBoyBandNames
How to Use Google+ Collections for Business. by  kikolani via  smexaminer  socialmedia
Next phone, hands down, no exception....Google Pixel. The opportunity to do too many amazing things.  google
Kingler appeared! Located around Stonehouse Rd/Tesco Express (Sprowston) until 01:02. 
 Bitcoin ― bitcoin-types via → 
Another story of Snow White
  snowwhite  fairytale  breeding 
Google Sununu-Waterville for a good time  nhpolitics
A wild Ivysaur has appeared! Available until 17:03:03 (14m 48s). 
I turn on my Google map n put direction to jannah n G map said  👉Go straight"
 WeLoveLA  Angels MLB Rumors: Yoenis Cespedes LA Angels top free agent target?  SportsRoadhouse
(1)
Sign Up For  ArtByChey Alerts And Be Entered In A Chance To Win A  50 Amazon Gift Card This Christmas 
Shu
Texans place Devon Still on IR following Lisfranc surgery: Devon Still was supposed to replace J.J. Watt. Ins... 
 ThatMexicanThing when undocumented immigrants collectively contributed 2  12bn in taxes yrly  LatinosVote  VPDebate 
 Ohio bridal shop that closed after visit from Ebola nurse seeks  1M from Dallas hospital - Dallas News 
A2 Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? - CNET  leadupchat 
I just received a reward: Terra Incognita  Android  Androidgames  Gameinsight
Mars Colony: NASA's Mining Robot RASSOR To Mine Resources On Red Planet  mars
Pikachu  Santa Ana 84.44% (14/11/13) Quick Attack/Thunder! Available until 05:03:01pm (14m 48s). 
[Tampines] Arcanine until 7:50:39AM at 151 Xilin Ave 
 LAA  Angels MLB Rumors: Yoenis Cespedes LA Angels top free agent target?  SportsRoadhouse
I've unlocked a new area of my Island!  Android  Androidgames  Gameinsight
Shoot'Em All...  androidgame  fun  games October 06, 2016 at 05:18AM
Hope this helps  MONSTA_X  monbebe  KpopFandomHelpsMONSTAX 
Nick Bostrom: Google is winning the artificial intelligence arms race
 google  ArtificialIntelligence  deepmind
 Google now include reviews from different sources in their results. Make sure your reviews are marked up with  schema - talk to us for help
We just received a 5-star review on Google! "Lots of fun on Trivia night. Had a great time. Drinks, food, nice people...hey, can't beat it."
 Xbox  VideoGames NEW Microsoft Xbox One 500 GB Black Console *CONSOLE ONLY*  Yahoo  Google
Google: Put Palestine On Your Maps! - Update via  CdnChange
Magmar (48% IV) (Karate Chop/Fire Punch). Until 17:02:55 (14m 47s). 
Watch Dogs PS3 Sony video game NEW FACTORY SEALED- FREE SHIPPING!!!!! . 
ATTN ALL UP & COMING ARTISTS:
Follow This Link If You're Interested In FREE MUSIC PROMO 🎶🎤🎧 
 OilersBoy
This what I Tell my girl 
ANπOF¥FINGO™ 
Way to keep it classy,  Toronto  BlueJays 
 DrGarnicus  basedmattforney And if it is sold to google etc, it could remain as politicized as before, if not more, for a long time.
Verizon is latest to leak Google's Pixel phones, and they come in blue 
 Use This  Service To make  Lots of  Money By  Google  Read More  Fiverr  Seo  Smm 
 np  WinnieNwagi - KIBULAMU on Mawalking Radio To Listen Click:  AfricanMusic
Ivysaur Yorba Linda 53.33%IV (13/5/6) Vine Whip/Power Whip! until 05:02:53pm. (14m 48s). 
A wild Tangela has appeared! Available until 16:51:17 (3m 8s). 
Retweeted Vladimer Botsvadze ( VladoBotsvadze):
Online in 60 Seconds in 2016: 
Google 69.5M 
Snapchat 6.9M... 
Twitter sale could happen in October - CNET Twitter told potential buyers it wants to announce a deal when it... 
[Ang Mo Kio] Porygon (44.44%)!! Atk: 6 | Def: 1 | Stm: 13
 Until 08:02:45. 14m 47s left. 
Self Publishing Academy Reviews 
 selfpub  amwriting
A wild Haunter appeared! It will be around Brickfields Park until 01:01.  Haunter  PokemonGo  Worcester
A wild Chansey appeared! 46.67 % a/d/s 13 8 0 mv: Pound Psychic until 05:02:02pm (14m 5s). 
Snorlax at 288A Jurong East Street 21, [Jurong East] up til 8:02:48AM.  
[Jurong East] Snorlax until 8:02:48AM at 288A Jurong East Street 21 
Someone has google translate on fleek.   Downtown Oakland, Oakland,… 
This city is my love. I would trade ten thousand lives to have never left 
Today's Trade: Oil fuels early rise for ASX200: The ASX200 rose slightly at the start of trading, helped by t... 
I don't think so. He was a black philosopher, or something... I should try to find him via Google.  ItsBiochemical
reggio emilia classroom - Google Search - I like the use of a small detail brush and a sponge brush  
Scyther! 86.67% 11/14/14 with Fury Cutter & Bug Buzz! Available until 17:02:44 (14m 48s). 
Sword Art Online: Memory Defrag Coming to Mobile This Winter  gaming  news  mobile
I want purple 😍 
 Growlithe appeared! Available until 19:49:55 (2m 8s). IV: 31.11% (6/5/3) Moves: Bite/Body Slam 
Twitter User Name is looking for these items please give them to me!.  British... 
HOROSCOPE MAHJONG
Download from Google Play:
 Gloom appeared! Available until 19:55:09 (7m 23s). IV: 60.00% (9/4/14) Moves: Razor Leaf/Petal Blizzard 
 KimFreakinB no, very far removed. Google Fred Trueman.
Google, Inc: GoogleE: Put Palestine On Your Maps! - Sign the Petition! via  CdnChange
I just received a reward: Persistent  Android  Androidgames  Gameinsight
Tomorrow we're chatting about Assessment & Evaluation for  tdsbEd. Join us   7:30pm to connect, share & learn. Qs -… 
Pretty sure store I've bought from claims to be a  google Trusted Store but never display the opt-in link.  google don't care to follow up.
Samsung acquires Viv, an AI platform from the makers of Siri via Engadget 
Just a day after Google revealed its premium Pixel phone and Goo…
Half of IT decision makers admit they don't have a cybersecurity strategy in place - Healthcare IT News  CyberSecu…
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe On Cybersecurity22:25 - WBUR  CyberSecurity
Hot Trend: VP debate  Google  Trend
Makeup Tutorial Dior Addict  Fragrance
[embedded content]   Google Inform – “ scent”  ..
best painter in mexico,unknown, cheap! gerzain vargas
up and coming. google him. 
Bexar tries 'innovation grants' to boost tech sector: A downtown location at 175 E. Houston St. was selected ... 
 old__slang  pigguface i had to google that dude lol. but his impressions ive heard all own
'Narcos' Season 3: Upcoming Revelation About Cali Cartel Reign, With Return Of Los Pepos ...  cartels  diplomacy  …
Jigglypuff has appeared near 3801 Stratford Ave, 48911! Available until 20:01:32 (13m 52s). 
A wild Gengar appeared near Kungsgatan! It will stay around until 02:01.
A wild Charmeleon has appeared! Available until 17:00:07 (12m 24s). 
 Designtools
 Designtools  creativebloq Everything you need to know about Google's 'Possum' algorithm update … 
—…
A wild Rhydon has appeared! Available until 16:48:25 (0m 44s). 
Liquid courage anyone??   cmc480 
South Dakota don't miss the October 24th registration deadline!  MAGA3X  Trump2016  GOTV   Cernovich  RNRSouthDakota 
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple is also an unlikely suitor via  Recode
We're planning our next issue. If you know of a story that should be told, send us your idea using this link:… 
Debate Segment on Race and Policing Leaves Activists Underwhelmed 
Making this for the first time tomorrow. I hope it turns out decent. 🤔🤔🤔
APPLY FOR ONE YEAR LEVENTIS AGRICULTURAL TRAINING PROGRAMME Leventis foundation… 
FOX 17 on Twitter: "Hurricane Matthew will dump heavy rain in the southeast with some spots seeing as much as 12". 
Growlithe has appeared near 3900 Stabler St, 48910! Available until 19:58:09 (10m 38s). 
 magnifier661  grannygethealth  Ricky_Vaughn99 looks like there's a need for a social network that isn't owned by google
Google for Work will supposedly be renamed to Google Cloud 
Hands-on with Google’s new Daydream View VR headset [Video]  Technology  News
A wild Magmar has appeared! Available until 17:02:18  (14m 49s). 
I've been on Google since it's inception in the 90s. Came stateside and rocked the WORLD. NOBODY knew who I was nor what I was doing "there"
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET  Technology  News
Ann Coulter: Media’s Outrage Should Start Working Any Day Now! - 
My Yellow Boxfish:) 
The Stir: Racist Code Some Trump Supporters Made Up Is Awful and That Means We Gotta Listen. 
 nicolesmith06 what'd you google to find these
[Singapore River] Hitmonchan until 7:59:25AM at 8 Canton St  pokemongonews
[Pioneer] Hitmonlee until 7:52:37AM at 50 Gul Rd  pokemongonews
 ClassDojo Do you have a way to link google docs as an attachment? I could only link my newsletter through word.
It's like Google and Facebook - a public good with an entity skimming off the top. The public benefit wildly exceed… 
google why glass ?
A security bug in Google's V8 JavaScript engine is indirectly affecting around one in 16 A… 
 AndroidAuth  jvtechtea Google is trying to cater to a niche that isn't there. The Apple of the Android users if that makes any sense.
Exeggutor until 7:49:26AM at  Maxwell Rd  pokemongonews
To answer your question, Pill is on Edgewood and I just bought him dinner 😞 What Happened To Pill? | DJBooth 
68.89% Gengar in West End with Sucker Punch & Dark Pulse Disapears at 05:02:11pm. 
Google miraculously allows us to research things we know nothing about it. Bless up young man. 
"Google Daydream Is So Cool, But VR Is Still Best Left in the Living Room" via Gizmodo 
"Not OK, Google" via CrunchGear 
Xamarin.forms  
 PabloEsglobar yes. google her
A wild Charmander! Available until 05:02:04pm (14m 48s). 
Recently, the government had a meeting with executives from ''Apple'' Inc, 
Microsoft, Samsung Electronics Co and... 
A wild Weezing! Available until 07:02:01pm (14m 44s) IV:73% 1:Tackle 2:Sludge Bomb. 
Google Home hands on - the future of the home? 
 DF16 Flashmob! Meet   Dreamforce Plaza | Courtyard between Moscone North & South Thursday! Meet   8:30AM. RSVP- 
 badGirlDyme type the lyrics into google then the words "from empire" after.. something will come up
 themightylor google recommended you abo I can't believe
 markdavisWTNH LOL. As if I write all those articles on Google. Believe as you will. I really don't care. She's scum to me.
Correction: Mason supports "town and gown." He says to Google it.
 Kingler appeared! Available until 19:48:18 (1m 13s). IV: 66.67% (14/10/6) Moves: Metal Claw/Vice Grip 
Dunbar teardown for  5 million suggests Vancouver's real-estate market isn't ready to return to Earth just yet - St 
Went over HW Questions, Started L.4 notes , HW complete last problem in notes
 LeeCamp  GottaBernNow  Yahoo there's an insinuation that Google is somehow safer. This bothers me.
Scott Xylo - Fireflies Coloured In Violet (feat. T'nah)  NowPlaying  6music
A wild Scyther has appeared! 44 % a/d/s 3 11 6 mv: Steel Wing X Scissor until 04:58:56pm (11m 51s). 
Unfortunately google dropped pageranking but you can still  check it at  google  page  rank  free  web :)
"Google's Tango phone, the Lenovo PHAB 2 Pro, is launching in November"  tech  feedly 
A wild Magmar has appeared! Available until 11:00:58 (14m 49s). 
 RobertKinnison is being trolled he is not a killer please do a Google Search of his name. October 05, 2016 at 07:47PM
Anyone having an issue merging docs into a Single Google Doc with Autocrat?  astillman  edtechteam  alicekeeler… 
A wild Exeggutor has appeared! Available until 17:02:00  (14m 49s). 
eBay acquires visual search engine Corrigon for less than  30M - 
US: Israel broke its word on new settlements.  netanyahu lies to the U.S., again, but he's an ally [sic], right?! 
A wild Raichu has appeared! Available until 19:01:53 (14m 49s). 
 AppleSupport I want to upload my photos only to Google Photos, does disabling ICloud Photo Libary disable using the camera on the iPhone?
 Snowden and  NSA best friends to European  Datacenter industry:
U.S. Tech Giants Investing  Billions in Europe 
✔ Retweet if you FollowBack ✔
Lickitung has appeared near the Dollar General area!
Hurry, it will vanish at 7:56 PM!
 Lickitung
 ClayTravis what do you think of a twitter buyout now that google isn't pursuing a bid?
Anyone know of a good way to stream local news on Google Chromecast?
Any tips through or through Google Wallet at karmenfierce gmail.com would be rewarded with porn and looove!
 Google  News LASD sergeant dies after being shot in Lancaster; 1 in custody - KABC-TV 
Over 30 levels of challenges..  androidgame  maze  ball  puzzle October 06, 2016 at 05:16AM
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 01:59:24 (12m 30s). 
Turn online consumer research into new sales opportunities in Q4 w/ Google insights. Register Now! 
Hallow  perfmatters friends. 
What's your goto research/writing that correlates performance to KPIs/conversions at non-google scale?
"How Can Google Get Away With Making A Phone That Looks Just Like An iPhone?"  design
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 17:00:20 (13m 23s). 
Look! A Eevee is working out in Los Angeles! Available until 04:58:03pm (11m 12s). 
Jigglypuff has appeared near 1700 Towbridge Rd, 48823! Available until 20:01:50 (14m 59s). 
How Google definitely crushed Apple in its latest product launch  stockstotrade  stocks
 NewLifeDecatur Accepting Registration for Basketball 
 BigData  Google Tomorrow: AMA with Gina Gotthilf (ginag), VP of  Growth &  Marketing at duolingo: … 
Receptionist/Chiropractic Assistant 
 JMesarch
All you have to do is Google
George H Bush NWO...
[Changi] Rapidash (35.56%)!! Atk: 2 | Def: 4 | Stm: 10
 Until 08:01:32. 14m 48s left. 
Scary Good: Fangoria FearCon haunts Sun Studios  horror
Kadabra (55% IV) (Confusion/Shadow Ball). Until 17:01:31 (14m 45s). 
 TimDotTV Wow and Disney is worth roughly anywhere between  156~ 160 billion. So technically, Google can buy Disney, possibly even in cash!
 Thanks for Following! Stay tuned for latest  Android  App and  Games .  Review  free  ac…
Google classroom and google docs have ruined my life, cause I still got hw due at 11:59 tonight 😕
 FacebookUpdates BuzzFeed hacked by OurMine after it claimed to unmask one of its members 
 NCFrostays just google Cavs vs magic reddit streams
Jigglypuff has appeared near 5307 W Saginaw Hwy, 48917! Available until 20:01:41 (14m 56s). 
Google Pixel 
A wild Charmeleon has appeared! Available until 01:51:27 (4m 45s). 
Google destroys the Android fan myth that the iPhone is too expensive - ZDNet  googlenewslab
Why the  Pixel phone isn't called the Google Phone via  CNET
why tho google
IMS and Storm Collaborate Again to Grow China's Dance Music Scene  panfurradio  edm
So I made a list of all seven's route timed calls if you need it ;o
 mysticmessenger
Google Pixel and Pixel XL pre-orders begin Oct 13 in India, price starts at Rs. 57000... 
Forget the Google search, you can see our media coverage here!  DowntownTTown  RollTide. October 05, 2016 at 06:46…
Fedde Le Grand – Down On Me  panfurradio  edm
Google WiFi smart router goes official for  129... 
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old?     - CNET  CNET News
 Squirtle appeared! Available until 20:00:17 (13m 51s). IV: 46.67% (6/15/0) Moves: Tackle/Aqua Tail 
Leap frog camera: Leap frog camera works with free download able app. Kids can take pictures like a pro! 
 technews  tech Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor; Twitter's stock ... 
Trumbull cyclist gets help in dispute with town official 
Tagging source of infection that contributed to orca's death 
Wet, wild and weird: Some answers about Hurricane Matthew 
For Top 25 teams, the waiting for Matthew continues 
Travelers change plans ahead of Hurricane Matthew 
Hands-on with Google's new Daydream View VR headset [Video] 
Raichu 4:57:56pm 
School superintendent calls it quits 
Problem: You say "OK Google" and two phones, a Chromebook and a Google Home speaker all answer.
Look, I got a Rabbit Meat!
+ Carrot
TuneCore Acquires Social Media Management Startup JustGo, Rebrands as TuneCore Social ... << Read Here
New social media campaign talks up Twin Cities Latinos << Read Here
Grimer available until 17:01:18 (14m 47s).
IV:64% (14/5/10)
Moves:Mud Slap/Sludge Bomb
Prince's Paisley Park Launches New Social Media Accounts for Fans Worldwide << Read Here
-Google’s Self-Driving Car Program Odometer Reaches 2 Million Miles
-Samsung Phone Blamed for Charring, Smoke on Southwest Jet
Pixel vs iPhone: 5 things Google does better WATCH at: 
Twitter User Name dispelled the anomaly! Scroll Eater! 
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 17:01:22 (14m 48s). 
A wild Flareon has appeared! Available until 17:01:27 (14m 53s). 
Thanks to  google for teaching us about World Teachers' Day, held annually on October 5 since 1994, and kudos to… 
How to Get Verified on Twitter (If I can do it, you  
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Make Money On YouTube Without Google AdSense Account Get Paid To PayPal
Never saw such a tiny   Vampire !
  100YearsLove
iOS：
Android：
I just received a reward: Guru of Photography  Androidgames  Gameinsight  Android
I just received a reward: Guru of Photography  Androidgames  Android  Gameinsight
Creepy Confections Return to Disneyland Resort This October 
A wild Pinsir has appeared! Available until 01:54:15 (7m 51s). 
Google has me fucked up
 Cricketnation Google Pixel ONLY
 NEW YORK JACK DANIELS CARTIER FIFTH AVENUE THE WALDORF ASTORIA: 
DONALD TRUMP VS.THE WORLD 
TuneCore Acquires Social Media Management Startup JustGo, Rebrands as TuneCore Social ...  socialmedia
Real Friends? What Kim Kardashian's Robbery Says About Her Relationship with the Fashion ...  socialmedia
i just got a new phone but i want the google pixel lmao
ITS MY BoeingBoeing!!! 
12 Philosophy : don't forget to set up a Fallacies in the Media Google Doc and share it with me tonight!
Anyone been to Denver International? Was it like this? Google Earth shows it to be a functioning airport so... 
The ones on Google were paid-for. I mean someone sold it to someone who put it online for someone who wants to see. 
Here's The Guy That Toronto Police Say Threw A Beer On The Field Last Night  
Carjacking suspect arrested in east Bakersfield, children returned to ... - Bakersfield Now: Bakersfield NowC... 
TM: Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor; Twitter's stock down about... 
 EchosRift oh geez Bing get on Google's level
 ZforZaya idk I gotta google some and see what's the closest one
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 19:01:05 (14m 49s). 
 zblackmon it was AWESOME! Sorry I had to duck out early. You're a google wizard!
South Carolina don't miss the October 8th registration deadline!  MAGA3X  Trump2016  GOTV  Cernovich  RNRSCarolina 
2 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
Rank page 1 of  google using video. Find out how today!  marketing  youtube 
[Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? - CNET 
Learn how to rank page 1 of Google using video.  google  marketing  youtube 
Hospice  book sale extends hours, adds location 
  reading  books
Airline weighs passengers before boarding, overweight fliers not happy 
Flareon available until 16:48:19 (2m 9s).
IV:2% (0/0/1)
Moves:Ember/Flamethrower
We are helping consumers share their feelings with Coke: In an email interview to Republica, Alok Kohli,…  nepalnews
Google wouldn't know what to do with twitter IMO
Google Pixel XL vs Nexus 6P First Look: via  YouTube
Memoir News: Springsteen's memoir shows writing talent isn't restricted to songs 
Donald Trump was a top economist, according to Google - A query for top economist on the search site included D... 
Break That Language Barrier With These Tips! 
 eWebstyle  SEO Free Internet Marketing Podcast 173b - How Google Recognizes Social Signals to rank your site. 
 digitalmarketing SCORE to host digital marketing workshop - Whether you're starting out or have been in busine... 
Will Google's rollout of Pixel lead to a broader use of Tizen by Samsung?  TC
Baldwin: NFL owner is forcing his players to stand during national anthem
Javaaaaah! Nostalgia, free coffee and a familiar scene drew "Gilmore Girls" fans to 3 local coffee shops ... 
 news  insights Seven reasons the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 beats the Google Pixel for the enterprise 
All That New Google Hardware? It?s a Trojan Horse for AI  wired 
Manchester United: Wayne Rooney on a collision course with Jose Mourinho after latest comments 
 google porn images pornb movies 
🔮Predictedit!  ChrisBrown 
It takes a lot of hard work and determination to look like this
[Changi] Rhydon (35.56%)!! Atk: 9 | Def: 6 | Stm: 1
 Until 07:50:06. 4m 4s left. 
Horse trainer accused of recording girl in changing area 
Lead me on 
Twitter - Google Search ever do a Google Image search of your Twitter photo? These are strikingly similar to me
Watch "Introducing Pixel, Phone by Google" on YouTube - 
[Germantown] Lickitung until 7:46:17PM at 260 W Washington Ln 
Protesters plan 'prayerful and peaceful' horseback ride along Dakota Access pipeline route 
Lickitung has appeared near 5139 Westhill Dr, 48917! Available until 19:54:34 (8m 30s). 
for the Android people: 
IMS and Storm Collaborate Again to Grow China's Dance Music Scene 
 ItTakesATeacher to change the world. via  googleforedu
Consumer Reports: Apple iPhone 7 initial test results 
Google, Apple Seen As Unlikely To Bid For Twitter - Twitter (TWTR) shares have surged on speculation that the a... 
How are you anchoring PLCs in the instructional shifts?  coreadvocates
 realDonaldTrump  MikePenceVP really? are we shocked? pay 4 play at its best! 
Abra appeared at Yulek Cheras Business Center until 7:59 AM.
 Abra  CherasBusinessCenter  MYPokeWatch  Cheras
News Update: Seven reasons the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 beats the Google Pixel for the enterprise 
Happy  WorldTeachersDay to my sister, & all teachers helping others! 📚📝
 ItTakesATeacher 
Meet new people, chat, find your soulmate, flirt! ♥  chat  webcam  snapchat  videochat  ch… 
【自動】
this account shows 50 Japanese hiragana characters. 
don't give me "isn't it faster if you just google it" 
ENJOY 
 hiragana
 danhash Understood, thanks for letting us know. Have you also tried removing and re-adding your Google account within your Settings? Mel
Customer journey mapping  customerjourney
A wild Diglett appeared!
It will be near the Dollar General area until 8:00 PM.
 Diglett  DollarGeneral
iPhone  
[MY G.O.]
OnYeahCase by  on_yeah_exo 💕 
Tomorrow is the LAST DAY, order now 😍 don't regret~
Close : 7 October
Form… 
CENTRAL-Hitmonlee: A wild Hitmonlee ! Available until 17:54:23 (8m 31s). 
Auditor Finds Multiple Repeat Concerns In County Audit: ... US Department of Justice Equitable Shar...  K9  dogs
 dunbarrover will google him tomorrow, then pretend I know what you mean :) :)
Detroit man nabbed with drugs, city police say: Police were working on drug cases with the Ohio Sta...  K9  dogs
FanDuel Is A Unicorn Back On The Fast Track: Along with arch rival DraftKings, the company was prevented from... 
 GEEK  INFO   Pixel, le smartphone 100% Google 
Omg from someone who has worked in the phone world for basically half my life, the  google  pixel is a dream come true!
Art and real estate: The shops presenting artwork or hosting artists doing live art are all grouped within th... 
Murrysville Woman's Club art show to highlight local talent: Ellie Brendlinger's first art exhibit got her in... 
Chef Abe Hiroki And The Art of Tofu: Tofu is more than a staple in many Asian cuisines; for many, like the Ze... 
Watching Hollywood 
 Reuters BRIEF-Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor - Recode, citing sources 
 MassCommons  TMFChrisHill bro did u miss the news 
Get Pumped Up For Tom Brady's Return With 'Game Of Thrones' Hype Video: So, to mark the return of “The K...  GoT
Google’s Self-Driving Car Program Odometer Reaches 2 Million Miles 
Exclusive: Don Coscarelli Talks Phantasm: Ravager and More!: DC: It's very hard to have perspective to tell y... 
Web Marketing: Digital Marketing Talent's CEO Gets Recognized As Payoneer Entrepreneur Of The Year 
 WestVirginiaMan: Man charged with sexual assault of 9-month-old child 
A strong Pinsir (15 / 7 / 14) has appeared! Available until 06:48:12pm (2m 16s). 
Cross-agency team hammers out mobile procurement strategy: It's in review right now,” Johnson said at the Adv... 
Google's gadget debut spotlights intelligence in hardware rather than the machine itself
 CTinTheBoardroom hashtag on Twitter: google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1837596250745322"; google… 
anyone who equates a politician to a clown obviously needs to google image search "clown" because they're very dissimilar in appearance
A decent Pinsir (9 / 8 / 9) has appeared! Available until 06:55:05pm (9m 11s). 
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor; Twitter's stock down about 10% a... 
A wild Ivysaur has appeared! Available until 17:00:39  (14m 48s). 
 iSolveAfrica Wikileaks founder Assange reveals his next target: Google 
Rescue dog stars in new Pittsburgh filmed comedy - "Downward Dog" is a new ABC show debuting next year and Pitt... 
Women News: Undressing for redress is not the best approach - Taking such a demeaning approach points to a sad ... 
 RaggedyAuthor  BuonoChomato I was out a while ago, you two keep making me google image search  more!
A wild Hitmonlee has appeared! Available until 17:00:37 (14m 48s). 
A wild Electrode has appeared! Available for 2m 14s. 
 matrix Google Confirms Pixel Phones Are IP53 Certified - With companies such as Apple and Samsung starting to ... 
A wild Graveler has appeared! Available until 11:00:01 (15m 12s). 
For some reason I can see Google establishing a college
 Cali_Girl090 I like Pixie phone better. Lol
Kelly Springs students learning about Chinese language, customs 
Christine and the Queens, an Alter Ego Combining Music and Dance: Christine and the Qu... 
How to Leverage the 80/20 Rule for Blogging Success 
 Mets  espn  MLBTV  ESPNRadio the heat is on...or as Glenn Frey (played by will Ferrell) would say "the H is O".  Go ahead Google it...
Happy  WorldCPDay! In honor of today, I thought I should share this short that I made last year: 
 WeAreAble
Google Introduces the Pixel, Its Own Smartphone 
 QTRResearch  Google (  GOOG ) will not make a  Twitter (  TWTR ) bid and  Apple (  Apple) is also an unlikely suitor 
Sources: Google will not make a bid for Twitter; Apple purchase also viewed as unlikely – Recode
. elijahtwilson just so ya know 
<-download Cashier and Customer Fucked in Store  naked  teen  porn  xxx
Partner of murdered actress will never be released 
Shopping Gift Card 
 MikeOwnby I heard from late night prog/confirmed. 2 most common Google search day after "What is BREXIT?" "What does it mean to leave EU?"
A wild Beedrill has appeared! Available until 16:55:59 (10m 20s). 
When you're studying on empty, but Google still got you! Bless you,  Google!  BELLE  particlephysics 
google answers can vampires own phones. asking for a friend
Twitter User Name received the fourth component of the Great Talisman of Magic... 
Medical marijuana plants in violation of county ordinance seized  MedicalDagga
Nobody makes a candle that smells like Google search. 
has a page on  Googleplus we'd be over the moon if you'd +1 us and add us to your circles! ;-) - 
NFL Trade Rumors: Jay Cutler to Miami Dolphins?
A wild Raichu has appeared! Available until 05:00:28pm  (14m 53s). 
8 Things I'm Looking Forward To This Weekend At Desert Trip- Coachella Classic!: If you haven't been living u... 
A Story of Selective Remembrance: Angkor Awakens at Cornell Cinema 
How to Add Google Drive to Windows Send To menu  Google  googledrive  windows  drive  howto  cloudcomputing
 reserve this looks strangely like your logo O.o 
 GooglePlayMusic , sorry Google, OnePlus picked up where you left of. I had a N4 N5 and N7 2gen, now i have a  OnePlusX and a  OnePlus3
Look! A Tangela is working out in South Pasadena! Available until 04:58:37pm (13m 6s). 
You can use Google too you know
I liked a  YouTube video from  androidauth Google Pixel and Pixel XL Hands On
Lenovo Phab2 Pro: Project Tango's first phone will launch in November: Google's not done releasing new phones... 
New LEGO Batman Movie Sets Revealed: LEGO has revealed three new sets based on The LEGO Batman Movi...  legonews
Exclusive: WikiLeaks Guccifer 2.0 Teaser Exposes Pay-to-Play and Financial Data 
 NowPlaying Kickin` Back (Quick Mix) (Clean) by  MilaJ  DL Rudeboy Radio 808 App on Itunes or Google Play 
It's Opal Season 
Boy dies after suffering electrical burns on West Yorkshire rail line 
Top mafia fugitive found hiding in secret room in his own house 
[North Philadelphia] Lickitung until 8:00:26PM at 3751-3799 G St 
 iStandWithForces
 FreeBalochistan
How to fuck a paki? (1/2)
 AandGShow  TimothySandefur DT uses Tax loopholes that HE paid for to avoid his fines from SEC for illegal donations
 NowPlaying Day N Nite (Crookers Remix) by  KidCudi 
Growlithe has appeared near 401-499 Isbell St, 48910! Available until 19:58:15 (12m 51s). 
 LeonardoDiCaprio Going to  Mars on  ElonMusk's Spaceship - Thrillist
Who'd have guessed  
Google Pixel hands-on: Android's newest premium smartphone - 
Improved voice recognition is coming to Google’s connected devices.  api_ai 
Just created another way to access menus, in case website is slow to load onto your phone or times-out: Here you... 
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 16:46:35 (1m 8s). 
Who needs school when you got google
Google Nexus 7 7" 16GB Tablet in Black Google Nexus 7 7" 16GB in Black Google Ne  nexus  googlenexus
Google knows 🌚 
Two Mississippi cops fired after toddler dies in hot patrol car  ...............      
 ادعم_نفسك_بتويته
+Google  
 GoogleAccount  history has  recordings of your  VoiceSearches  tech  technology  business  
I'm upset at getting no google results for 'undertale undyne song parody "hip to be spared"'
Join  CambridgeKillers tweetstorm Smash vivisection!  
Hurricane Matthew leaves 11 dead in destructive march toward US - USA TODAY: 
Google Is Listening 
Google AdWords for Dummies 
New Geisha "Barz 4 Dayz" 2016
Hayward: Bicyclist found dead near I-880 ramp - East Bay Times: 
Mississippi 3-Year-Old Found Dead After Mom Left Her in Patrol Car For Hours - TIME: 
8 Blogger Tools to Help Promote Your Content 
 GooglePixel Smartphones &  Daydream View VR Headset Debut 
Is Virtual Reality the Next Ecommerce: Virtual reality is making its way into ecommerce, but the q...  ecommerce
UFC fighter Josh Samman dead at 28 - Yahoo Sports: 
Risky ZIP codes: Where e-commerce billing and shipping fraud occurs: E-commerce fraud is up 15% in...  ecommerce
 TagAnimationz just search Lionhardt 
Kim Kardashian West Recalls Bizarre Interaction with Hotel Concierge Mid-Robbery in Police ... 
Google phone? Lol hell nah bro! Never!
Amazon is driving 80% of e-commerce growth for publicly traded web retailers: In its newly release...  ecommerce
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor; Twitter's stock down about 10% after… 
Lemon Vines Launches a New Website with Secure E-Commerce Online Ordering: Lemon Vines has launche...  ecommerce
iPhone 7 vs. Google Pixel: 7 ways Google's new smartphones outshine Apple  AI  ML
What do you think of the Google Pixel phones? Reply and tag  jvtechtea and  AndroidAuth - we might feature your reaction in a video!
CT: Report  
Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge Rockstar  newiphone
Supreme Court Justice Throws Shade at Kim Kardashian's Paris Robbery 
Eevee available until 16:59:57 (14m 45s). IV: 88.89% (11/15/14) Moves: Quick Attack/Body Slam 
United Way Announces 2016 Fundraising Campaign Progress  fundraising
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? - CNET  followback
<b>Doctor Who's</b> Pearl Mackie hints that new companion Bill is "funny and geeky and vulnerable": A "funny and… 
Time to start heading over to  LuckyLabPDX for CHIFOOd at 5.Can't come? See you at  ConnectiveDX at 7pm!  networking 
Google Launches New 'Pixel' Smartphone 
Manchester United: Wayne Rooney on a collision course with Jose Mourinho after latest comments  ManU  ManU
 CopperheadOS the announcement that Google is looking to make their own chips I saw as a shot across the bow. Sink those ancient ways!
Kadabra till 04:59:56pm (14m 47s) 
 IV:76 |11/13/10| 
 Moves:Confusion/Shadow Ball 
DeepMind is an AI company purchased by Google and being used to improve healthcare. The future is now so watch out!
Moderate Rebels - God Sent Us  bbc6music  nowplaying 
Westfall Group Fundraising Events Yield 5-to-1 Return on Investment for Clients  fundraising
A wild Golem has appeared! Available for 8m 7s. 
A wild Snorlax has appeared! Available until 16:55:17  (10m 6s). 
 jenniferetate  AlishaSubryan1 
Google cloud and google class room.  It reminds me of slate. I love that I can help my daughter.
Smoking Samsung Note7 Prompts Airplane Evacuation 
Celebrate with local brewers at the first Illinois Craft Beer Awards  craft
A wild Charmeleon has appeared! Available until 16:53:23 (8m 17s). 
 Google update: Penguin 4.0 is here! 
Clefairy has appeared near 2911 Victor Ave, 48911! Available until 19:59:54 (14m 49s). 
A wild Raticate (1 / 3 / 5) has appeared! Available until 06:51:23pm (6m 16s). 
DealBook|Elliott's Demands on Samsung Might Have Staying Power 
Society of Arts and Crafts makes a move  craft
Contactless cards: A comparative view between two markets 
Rod Temperton's Biggest Billboard Hits, From Michael Jackson to LL Cool J 
Dundalk face eight games in 20 days after fixture changes 
UAMS' Sue Griffin, Ph.D., Awarded  10 Million by National Institutes of Health for Alzheimer's…  NorthwestArkansas
What Apple's Latest Quiet Move Could Mean for the Future of Apple TV 
38% Off! From  399.99 to  249.99 until Oct 10,2016 07:59 AM! LG Google Nexus 5X 32GB 12.3 MP Unloc...… 
Ivysaur! 77.78% 9/12/14 with Vine Whip & Solar Beam! Available until 16:59:48 (14m 47s). 
Support  OpWhales
Every Tuesday
Bash  Iceland 
Until the slaughter ends 
 Anonymous 
Kabuto till 04:59:49pm (14m 48s) 
 IV:80 |13/10/13| 
 Moves:Scratch/Ancient Power 
Free! In-game chat, news, and more!  PTL  TSMWIN  LCSBigPlays  LCS  LeagueOfLegends  lol ee
Become a Founding Partner of the Injustice Boycott
Please share for maximum outreach. Thanks 
Pixel vs iPhone: 5 things Google does better via  YouTube
Tech Report: Google launches new smartphone 
Ever wondered why the Pixel phone isn't just called the Google phone?  
 Newsnote -  wikileaks founder said they will release documents on U.S. presidential election, Google, oil, arms trading and surveillance.
9 tools to help you succeed with Google SERP features 
 Google Takes Action On 65% Of User Generated Spam Reports... 
 juberti  google thank you for letting people know...these allo complainers are killing me...
Top 5  twitter shareholders here 3 who openly loath  DonaldTrump including the Saudi  Clinton donor  FREERICKY 
 hiphopsince76  no google...
"actin all wild like a dumb hill billy "
Just a day after Google rev… 
Give Google a break: Tackling paid links is harder than you may think 
Mingis on Tech: Google rolls out the hardware: With the Google Pixel smartphone, Google Home and Go...  Wireless
Google How Do Make Eyebrows Be Nice
Just a day after Google reve… 
Raichu (62% IV) (Thunder Shock/Thunder Punch). Until 16:59:39 (14m 46s). 
 asknbid  basche42 Scale. Need somewhere to actually implement it otherwise it's just tech. Amazon-Alexa, Google-Assistant, Apple-Siri
Mom Gives Baby 'Natural' Teething Tablets. Her Reaction Is Why the FDA Is Warning Parents ... 
 Available until 09:59:48am (15m 2s). 
GoogleE BE DISSING APPLE WITH THEIR PIXEL'S HEADPHONE JACK LMAOOOOOOOO
 Jgents85  Beer__Wolf apple and google pulled their twitter bids. company was desperate to find a halo for PR and his account got nailed.
With Pixel, Google wants to beat Apple at its own game. 
Charmander appeared at Tmn Segar Jalan Lemak area until 7:59 AM.
 Charmander  JalanLemak  MYPokeWatch  Cheras
Top tips: What makes a successful Halloween marketing campaign?: Halloween may not be the most important time... 
 ItTakesATeacher to be a teacher via  googleforedu
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor via  nuzzel
LifeProof Announce Waterproof Cases For Google's Pixel & XL | 
The Basics of Using Google Forms  edtech  edchat
 salkken Hi Ken. Have a look at this guide to find your purchase history: Hope this helps.
 RVA's Winfree Cottage, A Former Freed Slave's Home Awaits Its Placement in RVA History.  Learn more here:… 
A wild Scyther has appeared! Available until 16:59:33 (14m 48s). 
Dratini has appeared near 1006 N Capitol Ave, 48906! Available until 19:44:47 (0m 5s). 
And Google. Sources tell me Google email server and Chrome browsers are hacked and hackable... 
Let’s Talk Jailbreak 154: The natural evolution of things 
 aloysiusbe I love how fucking stupid you worthless Lib's are. How slow do you have to be to grasp the new leak is fake. Google it dropout.
[Serangoon] Venusaur (33.33%)!! Atk: 6 | Def: 2 | Stm: 7
 Until 07:59:25. 14m 47s left. 
. SpottsGardens is a BP sponsor & now they need our help. Take this survey & be entered to win garden coaching.
"Google crosses the 2 million mile mark with its self-driving cars" from TechCrunch on Meep! 
😂😂😂 never Google your symptoms
 Cali_Girl090 it's the new google phone. So awesome but it's only on Verizon.
Hitmonchan at 8 Canton St, [Singapore River] up til 7:59:25AM.  
A wild Hypno appeared! IV: 0.00% Moves: [unknown/unknown] Available until 16:45:08 (0m 30s).
Google's First Project Tango Smartphone Coming Next Month As Lenovo Phab2 Pro: Google's first Project Tango s... 
[Singapore River] Hitmonchan until 7:59:25AM at 8 Canton St 
Fiction or Fact  nnk
Historical homecoming: First Baptist Church celebrates historic milestone, 150 years with its ...  nnk
Google News ° Injury report: 49ers' Buckner ruled out vs Cardinals - Comcast SportsNet Bay Area: Comcast Spor... 
Tough conditions strike down Eagles  nnk
 UPS_UK hey do you or your drivers have heard of google maps? been 2 days in a row that apparently you 'can't find' my adress..
Counselors continue to advocate for students  nnk
Gullywashin' good time at Montross Fall Festival  nnk
Shore Homesteading series continues with Olomana Gardens: Farm owners Glenn and Liz Martinez's combination of... 
because die hard fan waiting for it bro! and they nailed with the spec but not front design.. ehem New New  google 
Now Playing On NjoyHit40
 1 Hit Radio Station 
Duke Dumont - I Got U
and on Google Play
 1 NjoyHit40 Top40 Us Uk
Oddish at 32.770022992712946, -117.11677777391918! Until 04:58:09pm (13m 36s). 
 peterbunor11  ImohUmoren YouTube, Google and Amazon are of way more use though
 JohnMu  SharkSEO To access the form, go to this link: Elle (2)
Rhode Island don't miss the October 9th registration deadline!  MAGA3X  Trump2016  GOTV  Cernovich  RNRRhodeIsland 
Paint with your friends in VR with new Google Tilt Brush update -  marketing  
  Science-Technology
Google’s new smartphones are about Google, not Android -  marketing  
 CarlosKillface Google would help. She opens Parliament and appoints the PM. She's head of state.  WhiteEntityWR  theresa_may  nsaraswat
VKN  virtual knit night 
"Google Pixel / Pixel XL Vs Apple iPhone 7 / 7 Plus Benchmarks Comparison"  tech  feedly hmm i dont care, pixel!! 
A wild Jolteon has appeared! Available until 16:59:19  (14m 49s). 
Explore more than the main stage, there are lots of other bands playing The Big Fresno Fair - Fresno Bee: Fre... 
Magnemite has appeared near 501-635 E Edgewood Blvd, 48911! Available until 19:50:47 (6m 20s). 
Google Search Console can help determine indexed pages, but what about... by  sengineland via  c0nvey
A wild Squirtle appeared! It will be around Brickfields Park until 00:59.  Squirtle  PokemonGo  Worcester
 digitalmarketing Digital Marketing Talent's CEO Gets Recognized As Payoneer Entrepreneur Of The Year 
Growlithe appeared at Yulek Center until 7:54 AM.
 Growlithe  Center  MYPokeWatch  Cheras
 madebygoogle  eksplosyon Promotional code from Google = free??? Like Verizon is doing???
 BuddhaB0t that's not what that means at all get it together google
 noragames16 EVEN GoogleE AGREES ITS "in a Barbie world" BUT IF YOU LISTEN TO THE SONG SHE SAYS "the" BYE 
 digitalmarketing Business Digest: Digital marketing firm opens Austin offices 
 SRKArgentina_ Vote 
Fan Boy  Joysrkian
Upcoming M  SRKKaran1
Upcoming F  SRK_KI_CHETU 
Friendliest   srkschampion 
 digitalmarketing Path-to-Purchase Analytics Drive Buyers From the Screen to the Showroom 
Is it weird that I go on Google maps just to look at roads and see how towns and other roads connect?
 digitalmarketing 4 content marketing tips for a successful product launch 
 digitalmarketing CDK Global Inc. (CDK) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research 
There was a problem with Google: The data that came back for Google was goobered up: XML_ERR_NAME_REQUIRED at ...
NowPlaying : Blazo - Fresh Orange 
 Android App 
 PeripouWebRadio
 USA  Bargains :  5243 iRULU eXpro X1 7" Tablet Google Android 4.4 KitKat 8GB/ 16GB Quad C… 
 Beebeprincipal this might be fun to try "catch of the day" for kindness  chicagotribune 
Correct!!  jenniferetate  AlishaSubryan1 HDSB does most of their e-learning on the Google cloud now!  educ14998wed
A wild Wartortle appeared! Leaving at 07:58:17 PM (14m 3s).  wartortle 
Google Confirms Pixel Phones Are IP53 Certified 
Bulbasaur appeared at Yulek Center until 7:58 AM.
 Bulbasaur  Center  MYPokeWatch  Cheras
Dratini has appeared near 119 E South St, 48910! Available until 19:51:28 (7m 16s). 
Dratini  Orange 33.33% (1/9/5) Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail! Available until 04:59:01pm (14m 48s). 
 Newsweek Trump Promises To Revive U.S. Steel Buys His Steel From China 
eBay acquires visual search engine Corrigon for less than  30M  Startup
 jonesima Thank you for following, Jeremy 🐳  We are on GooglePlus as well 👉  
A wild Arcanine has appeared! Available until 10:57:59 (14m 49s). 
A wild Jigglypuff appeared! It will be in the Oslo S area until 01:55.  PokemonGo
Fake Location Map - Android Apps on Google Play 
FT: Google's gadget debut spotlights intelligence in hardware rather than the machine itself
IDG Contributor Network: Does it matter that Google's Pixel phones aren't open s...  cloud 
 ItTakesATeacher to ignite the mind via  googleforedu
What I Love about Google Panda and Penguin  google  seo
[USA GO] SIGNED MONSTA X 4TH MINI ALBUM 'THE CLAN 2.5 PART. 2 GUILTY'  MonstaX  kpopsalesusa  GROUPORDER 
[Southwest Philadelphia] Exeggutor until 7:51:25PM at 1729 S Yewdall St 
Osama bin Barack's  BarackObama "business sense" w/ American tax payers money...how many are successfull?
ZERO… 
A wild Rapidash has appeared! Available until 16:58:59 (14m 49s). 
:  iPhone 7  GooglePixel – Yup, the iPhone 7 crushes Google’s new Pixel phones 
To sign up to make calls to voters to put pressure on state representatives, join Google group: wolf-attack+join googlegroups.com
 tomwillner Go Tom! 
Republic Wireless hops on to support Google Pixel and Pixel XL - CNET 
A wild Pinsir has appeared! Available until 01:58:50 (14m 49s). 
 icedpentagram  YvngNick6 drive has all the files u have saved or sent through google
I have survived for 20 day 12 hour 09 minute in  Buried Town .
Google Argues Against Tougher Broadband Pri 
Google's web spreadsheet service has been rebranded to "G Schweets"
Google built an iPhone to Pixel migration assistant lol, oh lard.
A wild Hitmonchan has appeared! Available until 16:48:21 (4m 17s). 
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 04:58:43pm  (14m 44s). 
 WineMummy  stuckwithgreen almost a year later and I went to Google that, but fettuccine came up so I started looking at food porn
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared in 90012! Available until 04:58:42pm (14m 47s). 
Do snakes have dicks?
Geez Soda theres something called google.
DON'T GoogleE IT
Vinci...
[Tampines] Arbok (55.56%)!! Atk: 10 | Def: 5 | Stm: 10
 Until 07:58:39. 14m 47s left. 
A wild Kadabra has appeared! Available until 16:58:43 (14m 49s). 
Raila plays down bickering regarding Cord's presidential candidate: ... coalition regarding ...  KE2017Elections
Share your story w/ us & inspire others living w/  Crohns  Psoriasis &  RA:  spoonie 
Moderate Rebels - God Sent Us  NowPlaying  6music
pelo google maps
Reuters story earlier today said  TWTR buyer wld be Salesforce, Google or Disney. Think majority of people were banking on a bid from GOOG.
 engadget Samsung acquires Viv, an AI platform from the makers of Siri: Just a day after Google reveale...  tech
A wild Staryu has appeared! Available until 01:58:38 (14m 49s). 
Another Google sign selfie!  TOR16  GoogleEI 
 ZhanJiaan Well if you know how to save google bookmarks in Chrome let me know please...Chrome sent me to settings & tried that many times
Google self driving cars cross the 2 million mile mark via  Letsfireup
National Guard Declares Victory Over Grandmother's Cannabis Plant: The Massachusetts National Guard and the M... 
Alert!: Exeggcute has appeared in the Dam 4 area! disappearing at 10:56 AM!  PokemonGo  Albury
Cannabis Burial Shroud Suggests Ancient Asians Were Stoners, Too: Archeologists excavating in the northwest o... 
Is Cannabis Safe to Use During Pregnancy? New Study Clarifies Risks: A recent review of cannabis and pregnanc... 
Cannabis testing labs set to open this month: CannTest CEO Mark Malagodi demonstrates cannabis testing proced... 
Aurora Cannabis closes first day on TSXV on a high: The most recent evidence comes from Vancouver-based Auror... 
They don't have google? 
Because politics isn't fake enough already: Hillary Caught Using Child Actor at Pennsylvania Town Hall 
A wild Snorlax (0 / 3 / 3) has appeared! Available until 06:52:40pm (8m 52s). 
How to Save and Use Stackable Lightroom Presets
Lightroom presets are basically post-processing shortcuts that  
Property Auctions: PACKED FULL OF POTENTIAL. If you are looking to put your own stamp on a property then step... 
google search: will i go to hell for calling stalin daddy?
Okay sorry Apple but the Google phone actually looks pretty lit, plus it's got a headphone jack sooo
New York’s Charter School Revolution Hits a Milestone - 
I'm earning  mPOINTS with  LightDaFuse !  app
We have Google Fiber. I can work from home now.
The Future Of Work: Companies Use Marketing Tools To Create A Compelling Employee Experience - Forbes -… 
A wild Golem has appeared, it will disapper at 16:58:16. Directions at 
Top story: Not OK, Google  |  TechCrunch see more 
Apple and Google say they didn't build secret tools to spy on users like Yahoo did (GOOG, Apple, YHOO, TWTR) 
Books for Kids: A child's-eye view of publishing: A couple of weeks ago in this space, we highlighted A Child... 
attn: Website Content Loaders: Web Development & Production, Do you have excellent computer and reading skill... 
US: Menemsha dredging will resume with same contractor: The Vineyard Gazette newspaper reports that five mont... 
What do you do? U get on Google and find a dick close to your shade and be like "yea she gone like this one"?
Look! A Dragonite is working out in Los Angeles! Available until 04:46:21pm (2m 44s). 
Barack Obama In Chicago This Weekend, May Vote For Clinton While In Town - via 
Yahoo says report on email scanning for intel agencies is “misleading” 
* REBNY revives fight against hotel-to-condo conversion ban  trdny  CRE
Google Classroom Basics: via  YouTube
Tomorrow: Digital Cafe
Digital Cafe - 6pm -  DowdellEvents
Oct 06, 2016 06:30PM
 zozotrader That whole run-up was some blatant manipulation the whole time. Google,wait no Disney, wait no Apple come on haha.
Apple Once Again Ranked Most Valuable Brand Ahead of Google and Coca Cola 
Tomorrow: MIY 3D Printer
MIY 3D Printer - 6:30pm -  DowdellEvents
Tomorrow: Fall Straws & Connectors
Fall Straws & Connectors - 6:30pm -  DowdellEvents
A wild Arcanine has appeared! Available until 01:58:22 (14m 49s). 
Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? 
Google Earth Secrets: These Satellite Footage Are Strange, Shocking And Cool! 
Now Your Pets Can Enjoy Sweet Cake Boss Treats Too!: No longer will your dog have to stare at your Cake Boss ... 
'Star Wars: Episode 8' spoilers: Everything we know about the ... 
Back to the future - police to learn lessons of the past - Bendigo Advertiser  policenews  vicAU
Fed's Fischer says low neutral rate a sign of potential economic trouble 
Police appeal for help as Yaris found burnt out following Southland ... - The Age  policenews  vicAU
 tanyaweiman I… don’t even want to google that :D
A wild Rapidash! Available until 06:58:19pm (14m 48s) IV:44% 1:Low Kick 2:Drill Run. 
A wild Charmeleon has appeared! Available until 10:57:22 (14m 49s). 
Made by Google 
googling pics of a waldorf salad for a comic is grosser than anything else I've googled, and I google A LOT of gros… 
Gold prices gain in Asia after ADP jobs report misses expectations 
New Victoria Police recruits fast-tracked to tackle state's rising crime rate - ABC Online  policenews  vicAU
Sources: Google will not make a bid for Twitter; Apple purchase also viewed as unlikely – Recode 
Google
Victoria crime wave: Short-staffed police swamped, 000 calls held for hour 'regularly' - Herald Sun  policenews  v…
A wild Machamp has appeared! Available until 16:58:23  (14m 48s). 
Woke up in the middle of the night to chat with my Google assistant 😎
 dcimprov Thanks!  I spaced Google for a sec. I'll miss  JudahWorldChamp, flying in the day of the gen election.  I'll  check your calendar.
Not sure if gif will show correctly but we tried to get the shot many times 
10 Amazing Flying Hacks 
What Does a <b>Healthy</b> Meal Look Like, In Your Home? 
Twitter shares drop 8% in after-hours after Recode reports Google will not bid for the company - CNBC
Google giveth; will Google taketh away? via  mediabrief
Sorry, But Naked Juices Aren& 39;t as <b>Healthy</b> as You Think 
Dragonite available at 60 Seaview Dr, Port Moody until 04:58:13pm (14m 48s). 
Head-to-Head: Google Pixel vs Samsung Galaxy S7 
A decent Fearow (5 / 15 / 8) has appeared! Available until 06:53:34pm (10m 7s). 
Belleville teacher honored with Barack Obama Library Award - via 
- Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor; Twitter's stock down about 10% af…
I'm playing FiddleAFortune from  ReflexGamingLtd, available on Android! 
Hitmonlee at 50 Gul Rd, [Pioneer] up til 7:52:37AM.  
 EmCeeVera  LaurenJauregui no problem baby!! 😂 I shouldn't trust on google translator.
Let's All Do Better: A Golf Club You Pee Into 
[Pioneer] Hitmonlee until 7:52:37AM at 50 Gul Rd 
bakit old woman voice ang ginagamit ng google translate para sa spanish translations asdfghjkl huhu
I really want the Google pixel
EAST-Chansey: A wild Chansey ! Available until 17:58:03 (14m 49s). 
Pokemon Go fan dies in girlfriend's arms in car park as two men arrested on suspicion of murder  Pokemon  PokemonF…
Portraits of Pokemon Go Players in the Wild  Pokemon  PokemonFace
Jolteon  Orange 51.11% (12/3/8) Thunder Shock/Thunder! Available until 04:49:44pm (6m 24s). 
 enomsupport Trying to renew payment details for enom domain but can't find billing panel on google account. Can you help?
Here is my OC ref' if you wanna draw it OwO  RavioBot
'Pokemon GO' Complete List of Pokemon GO Badges and Medal List  Pokemon  PokemonFace
Eevee available until 16:58:03 (14m 44s). IV: 86.67% (15/10/14) Moves: Quick Attack/Body Slam 
Gotcha! Norwegian prime minister caught playing Pokémon GO during parliamentary debate  Pokemon  PokemonFace
Norway's Prime Minister is caught playing Pokemon Go during debate in Parliament  Pokemon  PokemonFace
What to do if your data is held hostage 
Have More Than One Social Media Login? Switch Accounts Fast With Google Chrome  blogging
Jeff Garzik: “Blockstream Will Help Bitcoin Grow into The Future” 
Twitter sleuth advances search for Blue Jays beer thrower: Toronto police have released a photo of the allege... 
IBM Invests  200 Million in Watson IoT Blockchain Development 
400 Android apps hiding DressCode malware on Google Play Store  furiousinfosec 
Billionaire Bill Gross Thinks Bitcoin Looks Better Every Day 
Wallingford Man Steals More Than 10K Usernames, Passwords in Dark Web Phishing Scheme: Feds 
Boars, Rabbits and Ravens?!
Hunt and Cook YOUR way to success!
Behold, Google's Omnichannel Feedback Loop for Marketers  furiousinfosec 
Wallingford man charged with stealing bitcoins on dark web 
LIBERAL CALIFORNIA: Petitions to Become FIRST STATE to Offer Taxpayer-Funded ObamaCare to ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS 
Is Bitcoin Being Used for Chinese Capital Flight? 
A2: I have used google docs, youtube, skype  educ14998wed
 karaswisher  Recode  google  edmundlee yep, will not :)
A wild Nidoking appeared!
It will be Ocean Beach until 4:53 PM.
 Nidoking  OceanBeach
Google Home hands on - the future of the home?: At Google's press conference, the company launched its…… 
35663  soldiers
had given their lives to save humanity! 
I think I just essentially ran into a merge conflict with Google Keep
 Humanrights News - Canada should refuse to vote human-rights abusers to UN council, MP alliance says 
 Humanrights News - Malaysia: Drop Charges for 'Street Protests' 
 Humanrights News - Dadri lynching: NHRC takes suo motu cognisance of 'human rights violations' over Ravin's death 
 Humanrights News - Yahoo and the Death of User Trust 
I caught a Kangaroo on a Hunt! 
 Let's make some Kanga Bangas! 
 WeLoveLA  LARams This week's Rams opponent: Buffalo Bills  SportsRoadhouse
 TECHUPDATE Google's phone is new, so why does it seem so old? - CNET 
Now tracking: Here's a look at the 'exclusive' version of  android that  google is reserving for its new Pixel ... 
New post: "“We’re moving from a mobile-first world to an AI-first world” -Google CEO Sundar Pichai" 
 27 Sabelette Soon
Thank god for google
Twitter, Microsoft, Google and others say they haven't scanned messages like Yahoo via  jawadabbi
This is a copy of my essay for anyone who wants to read it
 pkafka  asher_wolf you’re right, google the logical place re: realtime search. Failing that, microsoft+linkedin would be reasonable fit
 HardballChris said to a Trump surrogate in denial to go to Google and lookup Mexicans and rapists and see if Trump doesn't show up at all."
wl video cool - Top 5 Secrets Weight Loss || Top 5 Most Shocking Celebrity Weight Losses 
I have seen Pinterest, you tube and Google classroom being used  educ14998wed
Google Photos now lets you rotate videos. 
which Apple's photos app still can't do on your phone
Google Latest Product Announcements 
What are Progressive Apps? And how do they relate to SEO? 
 slimehateclub as if google can tell me how imma look
 Google says more than 20 million students are using  Chromebooks via  VentureBeat
Ing.Gironi Android Central 309: Google Pixel Special | Android Central see more 
Cooney: Already in <b>game</b> shape, Saric may now be Sixers' best player 
 alyssaverr "expand your education" aka be forced to spend money to google things
Microsoft Garage Launches 'Trip Tracker' Onto Google Play - Android Headlines 
Trump Used Foundation Funds for 2016 Run, Filings Suggest If accurate, this is yet another Trump ethics violation. 
Google flights  thankmelater 
 qbking77 Are you getting any of the new Google hardware? Looking forward to videos if you are.
Bing just the off-brand version of Google
Arcanine  Santa Ana 53.33% (3/7/14) Bite/Fire Blast! Available until 04:57:36pm (14m 47s). 
 KittyLeSiren did Uat least google it or is that fresh off the top of your head? Bc here it says nothing about suic… 
Jack trying to sell Twitter to Google. Google pulling strings for Hillary.
Pushed Ricky Vaughn out because too much traction.
 FreeRicky
We need moar bollards.
Obama hails 'historic' ratification of Paris climate agreement - via 
6 Ways the Google Pixel Will Make You Want to Ditch Your iPhone 
The latest The Day in a Paper.li! Thanks to  jabawack  MariaVyalkova  nachocomi  google  android
Saphinia News Feed: Belfast drug dealer kept pit bulls in cages so small they could not ...  AdeleWhartonVet  j6
Love this video!  "Mentor the Mavericks"  ItTakesATeacher 
The Native Way: Everything you Need to Know About Native Ads -  google
Pennsylvania don't miss the October 11th registration deadline!  MAGA3X  Trump2016  Cernovich  RNRPennsylvania 
 AlishaSubryan1 HDSB does most of their e-learning on the Google cloud now!  educ14998wed
Keep your dirty mits out of Our Vaginas Unless it's yours You have no right to even think about coming close to it 
Motor Vehicle Accident | Rosser Rd / Crown Shore Dr () | | EN02 | 020049 | 18:42 | A
I finally published my Milwaukee Garbage [collection] Schedule app...  jasonbooth  mke
New: Animal Rescue Foundation Needs Volunteers To 'Jog A Dog' 
 strawberrymiIk the google socks!
New: When pets land on their feet 
[Pasir Ris] Haunter (64.44%)!! Atk: 11 | Def: 4 | Stm: 14
 Until 07:57:26. 14m 47s left. 
A wild Wartortle has appeared! Available until 07:43:08pm (0m 26s). 
A wild Lapras has appeared near: 11566 A 76 Ave! Available until 05:54pm (12m 13s). 
Talking innovation, collaboration in the classroom on Twitter w/Google's 'Education Evangelist' Thurs., 2-3 p.m.  loveSDschools
“Stunning Secret”: Andrew Breitbart Planned to Expose a Candidate Right Before El... 
Study Storied Women with Iowa’s International Writing Program 
Twitter to conclude sale negotiations this month, sources say
A wild Snorlax has appeared near: 11810 97 Ave! Available until 05:57pm (14m 50s). 
3 Who Studied Unusual States of Matter Win Nobel Prize in Physics - via 
US regulators open investigation into replacement Note 7 that caught fire - 
Way to Trade Thru Options Plays 
ebook News: The Nacoochee Valley, Ancient Crossroads of the Americas 
Must See New Futures Manager 
ebook News: Kensington will release 50 eBooks a year with new digital imprints 
 AI: Samsung Makes Big Move In Artificial Intelligence 
Jovan Carby - x You Got What I Want 
 AI: Samsung takes a big leap and buys artificial intelligence start-up founded by Siri's creators 
Arcanine  Villa Park 55.56% (5/5/15) Bite/Flamethrower! Available until 04:57:22pm (14m 48s). 
 AI: Artificial intelligence disrupting the business of law 
 mhudelson download Google Photos. The app backs up all of yr photos to cloud so you can delete them from your phones internal memory.
 AI: Samsung Buys Artificial-Intelligence Startup Founded by Siri Creators 
Google Finally Rolls Out Penguin Update  seo  searchengine  google  webdev  development… 
Arcanine  44.44 % a/d/s 10 / 8 / 2 mv: Bite Flamethrower until 04:57:20pm (14m 42s). 
Google making fun of the  iphone7 in the presentation video for the  pixel phone. Go to second 00:46. Very smart.
A wild Bulbasaur has appeared! Available until 16:57:11 (14m 34s). 
I google for atashinci's brows & now im lmfao 😂
Listen To SremmLife Crew’s “Ball Out The Lot” Single 
Dragonite! 91.11% 15/12/14 with Dragon Breath & Dragon Pulse! Available until 16:57:16 (14m 48s). 
 google so much IKEA in this video 😍😍😍😍
Google Self-Driving Vehicles Mastering Complex Situations as Testing Hits 2 Million Miles 
Game Theorists, ‘Oscar’s Hotel’ Lead Winners At Streamys Nominee Reception 
google search: how to die
Engadget | Apple has Siri, Google has its Assistant, Microsoft... 
Exeggutor until 7:49:26AM at  Maxwell Rd 
Google street view doesn't go here.......... 
 GavinActual Hi Gavin. We don't have any info to share about that now. At this time, financing options for Google Store are US only.
A wild Charmander has appeared! Available until 10:55:33 (14m 4s). 
Creating a new architecture of government through tech and innovation  
Good domain possibility?: www.VP ?? Its trending on google...
US team to visit India after 'techies' dupe about 50000 Americans - Hindustan Times 
Omanyte has appeared near None Lansing River Trail, 48910! Available until 19:46:25 (4m 1s). 
 DaveMustaine just thought I'd mention it since you prefer using Android phones. Google's new Pixel phone looks great as well. 😊
Google Translate Gets a Deep-Learning Upgrade  googlealgorithm  DWMGsocial 
 FreeRickyI WATCHED ASSANGE SAY UM OVER AND OVER MY PHONE WAS SHUT OFF IN  THE MORNING THANKS GoogleE/TWITTER
Clown trend on social media has local officials on high alert: "This day and age of social media, we are deal... 
 GerberKawasaki his ross is twtR still a buy?  google google search sucks, twtrs is real-time, always up2 date than… 
Lyft ramps up hiring expectations for Nashville office  CustomerExperience
You re Mighty   playingnow  GospelMusic  Christian  Praise 
A wild Voltorb appeared! It will be near Lumberjack Village until 6:53 PM.  Voltorb  PokemonGo  Nacogdoches
Saphinia News Feed: Local rescue group caring for lots of animals with serious medical n...  AdeleWhartonVet  y8
 ItTakesATeacher to motivate a student to follow their dreams, and become something.   via  googleforedu  PCSSII
Google Pixel is the Highest rated Camera Ever: Google Pixel is the Highest rated Camera Ever If you go by the... 
Samsung is buying an AI startup to take on Apple’s Siri and Google’s Assistant  Tips2Trade… 
Four Important Google Drive Updates Teachers Should Know about: October 5, 2016 Google has recently changed t... 
 Economics Donald Trump is a top economist, according to Google: First noticed by CNBC, a simple Google searc... 
Court dismisses class action lawsuit against Valve over CS:GO gambling 
 Economics 3 academics cited as leading contenders for Nobel prize in economics: Three academics were named a... 
Google will not make a Twitter bid; Apple bid unlikely, sources say  Tips2Trade  T2T 
Google Assistant Is A "Character", Has A "Backstory"  MachineLearning
RAG Social ツ♥☕ Thanks for the follow! Also follow/like and 
Add Page Numbers to Your Google Docs Table of Contents: When you compose a long document in Google Documents ... 
First Episode Of Rooster Teeth, AT&T’s ‘Schooled’ Pits YouTube Gamers Against Kids 
[Tampines] Chansey until 7:44:32AM at 21 Changi Coast Rd  pokemongonews
Most  viral News Now: Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor 
[Southern Islands] Hitmonchan until 7:54:20AM at 223 Ocean Dr  pokemongonews
 TheLegendOfKorra season 5 to be issued as a graphic novel June 2017; published by Dark Horse!! 
Link to article-… 
DC 911 Director Addresses Delays, Failed Responses 
If you're currently enrolled at a university and need extra CASH , this is for YOU -- 
Add Page Numbers to Your Google Docs Table of Contents  edtech  education
[Woodlands] Exeggutor until 7:47:44AM at 217 Marsiling Cres  pokemongonews
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor - Recode  apple  news
[Tuas] Hitmonlee until 7:49:28AM at 90 Tuas South Ave 9  pokemongonews
Add Page Numbers to Your Google Docs Table of Contents via  rmbyrne
[Toa Payoh] Vaporeon until 7:50:12AM at 61 Upper Paya Lebar Rd  pokemongonews
Google Update Chatter Suggests Penguin Movement Or Algorithm Changes 
An Infusion of  AI Makes Google Translate More Powerful Than Ever
Googl and aapl up on no bid for twitter.   Lol. Twtr down huge.  Twtr worth maybe 7-9 b.  That's it.  Simple.
 TWTR  Apple  GOOG  Google 
 canuck2usa  CNBC or,  Google wants a better price, so let's tell Recode we're not making an offer on  TWTR (even tho we've hired Lazard)
 w_biltmore85 well, know one knew  googl was going to back down
Alphabet's outperform rating reiterated at Robert W. Baird.  900.00 PT.  Google  GOOG 
Alphabet's outperform rating reiterated at Robert W. Baird.  900.00 PT.  Google  Google
Good Insight of  MOC 
More Good Stuff from  JustinPulitzer 
 VIX  TLT  DB  WFC  XOM  IBB  BoeingBoeing  SPY  IWM  QQQ… 
Salesforce CEO on Twitter M&A rumor: 'Super conscious' of any stock impact  TWTR  CRM  GOOG  Google  MSFT  DIS... 
And funny think is  googl up 2.00 ah on this recode report. Man every1 hates the  TWTR that much huh???
Wells Fargo 'Not Expecting Surprises' From AT&T in Q3!   S  QQQ  MSFT  Google  DISH  VOX  HPNN  GE  GM  TSLA  BoeingBoeing  H
 Google vs  Apple is going to be so so interesting.
Sources: Google will not make a Twitter bid and Apple also an unlikely suitor - Recode: FortuneSources: Googl... 
 OptionsMike  RiskReversal  Recode  googl rally is my guess.
So, could we see a Trump buy?
Twitter won't see bids from Google, Apple  GOOG,  Google,  Apple,  TWTR,  CRM,  DIS
 Recode:  Twitter won't see bids from  Google,  Apple; TWTR -5.5%  GOOG  Google  Apple  TWTR
Recode: Twitter won't see bids from Google, Apple 
 GOOG,  Google,  Apple,  TWTR,  CRM,  DIS
 TWTR slammed after hours aft Recode rules out  Google or  Apple bid.. That leaves  CRM  DIS still in the dance save some private equity guys
Samsung buying Viv, latest creation from Siri's makers  Apple,  GOOG,  Google,  SSNLF,  SSNNF
So  recode says Google is out? Who is Benioff playing off of?  CRM  TWTR  Google.  GOOG likely wants it lower.  Twitter
 Samsung buying  Viv, latest creation from Siri& 39;s makers  Apple  GOOG  Google  SSNLF
 tradingplays  googl should rally now.
 VIX  TLT  DB  WFC  XOM  IBB  BoeingBoeing  SPY  IWM  QQQ  Apple  AMZN  TWTR  FB  Google  ACIA  TWLO 
My bet on  TWTR is  IBM the power of Wilson with all the real time and historical data that twitter generates.  Google is my other option
The battle of the entry-level headsets: Google’s Daydream View vs. Samsung’s Gear VR: Googl...  7Coders  TopNews
 TWTR  Google  Apple  CRM womp womp 
 Ben_DunbarGK  Google won't be buying them
 Google:
Samsung acquires Siri creators’ startup for own voice assistant:
Oof..  Twitter down nearly 10% on  Recode story  Google won't be buying them.  TWTR  Google 
STOCKS FALL, GOLD GETS CRU  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
Google will not make a Twitter bid; Apple bid unlikely, sources say  Google  GOOG  TWTR  Apple 
IBDinvestors: BREAKING: Google, Apple Seen Unlikely To Bid For Twitter  Google  TWTR  Apple… 
Commented on StockTwits: Google not bidding for it 
What a move - Samsung buying Viv, latest creation from Siri's makers  Apple  GOOG  Google  SSNLF  SSNNF 
 Google will be in play tomorrow due to  TWTR news.  Could pop to  817- 820 on relief  Google will not acquire  TWTR.
Track curated news and tweets for multiple tickers - US Tech Giants  Apple  Google  MSFT  FB  TWTR
 laz advised  googl to abandon  twtr bid it looks like, makes me want to own  laz stock
Ugh on this  Google  TWTR news 
Samsung buying Viv, latest creation from Siri's makers  Apple  GOOG  Google  SSNLF
What Wall Street is saying about Sprint Corp! (NYSE:  S)  QQQ  MSFT  Google  FB  DISH  BoeingBoeing  VOX  TSLA  HPNN  DIS
 twtr down -  googl and  aapl up. As sources said no bids. 
I would buy half my  twtr back I sold today under  22ish
BREAKING: Google, Apple Seen Unlikely To Bid For Twitter  Google  TWTR  Apple  CRM  DIS 
For everyone thats unloading in their pants right now about  googl not buying  twtr how you going to feel if someone else does
Recode: Twitter won& 39;t see bids from Google, Apple; TWTR -5.5%  GOOG  Google  Apple  TWTR
So  Google shares spike on the fact, they might be a bidder for Twitter and they spike when their not a bidder... The Wall St is dumb
 Twitter shares weakness continues following  Google news
 Google shares pop in AH trade on news :) glad I bought calls
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions …/googl-save-time-shorten-… 
Can't blame  Google. It would likely be paying for analytics it already has. Same with  FB not being mentioned. 
 TWTR price was already baked in. Profit takers taking profits.  Google
'Do you ever just wanna grab someone by the shoulders, look them deep in the eyes and whisper, 'No one gives a fuck.'  TWTR  Google  CRM  FB
dark googl show us the vamphero fanart
Recode: Twitter won't see bids from Google, Apple  GOOG  Google  Apple  TWTR
 TWTR  Google out,  CRM,  DIS,  MSFT still in. May see others join after adding juggernaut leaving.
 raulkanad Yea ..  Google said not interested.
Do you know that  WallStreet price for  Google is  940.45 
 WallStJesus twitter dropping in AH, Google wont be a bidder
Well  Google was pissed and decided they are not paying in the  20s...as they shouldn't 
People forget theres other companies besides  googl.
So  googl wont make an offer to  twtr. Interesting.
 TWTR DOWN 5% AH on  Google not making bid
but  Google too. Too rich (2/2)
Google’s most ambitious new product isn’t its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)  Business
I think  FB and  Google are strong possibles for  TWTR if it got cheaper again-too much data to let that go...
 TWTR and its suitors...  Google  Apple 
 sssvenky googl has been trying hard for social media
I think the ONLY bidder for Twitter would be  CRM and the others have left the table..Esp  DIS but  Google too. Too rich
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)  Business 
Nick Bostrom: Google Is Winning the Artificial Intelligence Arms Race - Newsweek: NewsweekNick Bostrom: Googl... 
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG) 
When  GGOGL entered China then pissed off the gov,  Google searches  in China got redirected to  BIDU
 Setting4Success Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)  News  smallbusiness  entrepreneur
How long did I spend writing that without googl translate
 CRTO  GOOG  Google:
Criteo: Perils Of Ad Blocking:
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG): It's a big week… 
 GOOG Can  Google Challenge  Apple In Hardware?  Google  Apple  SPY  stockmarket  stocks  finance  investing  QQQ  DIA
Google launches its new su  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
Reuters:  TWTR looking to end negotiations regarding sale this month  CRM  GOOG  Google  DIS 
 TWTR  CRM  Google  Apple:
Markets counting down to big jobs Friday:
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG): It's a big week for Google...  tech 
 JordanMangini have you seen Seems handy
 Google: The  Andromeda Strain -  Alphabet Inc.  goog  googl  ai  artificialintelligence  deeplearning  bigdata  4IR
 TWTR  CRM  Google  DIS  FB:
Twitter to conclude sale deliberations this month, sources say:
[follow us]  pbcomve Google crosses the 2 million mile mark with its self-driving cars: Googl... via  TechCrunch
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)  news  business… 
 News  Business Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG) 
A New Source Of Revenue For Apple  GOOG  Google  MSFT  Apple
 Options  maxpain chart for  Google. Free stock station app  iTunes 
Free video w/setups for Oct 6 "Could Be Any day Now"   Google  QQQ  GPRO  TSLA  NFLX 
Can Google Challenge Apple In Hardware?  GOOG  Google  Apple  QCOM 
Free-For-All For Twitter  TWTR  twitter  jack  GOOG  Google  CRM  DIS  MSFT 
StockTwits: This is big.
The largest pure Internet ETF closed at NEW all-time highs today: 
 AMZN  FB  Google  FDN
 Google  Options OI chart. Free stock station app  iTunes 
This is big.
 JaeHokes  jimcramer nice work Jim. I figure  googl is giving him a headache w this one.
Google Pixel vs Apple iPhone 7 Plus 
 news  uk  tips Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG) 
Is  Google closing the product gap with  Apple? 
 business  retail Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG) 
All That New Google Hardware? It’s a Trojan Horse for  AI | WIRED  Google
If you’re not making money in this market and you want consistency, join our team  SPY  FB  NFLX   AMZN  Google  TSLA
How Drone Usage is Revolutionizing the Transport Industry  AMZN  GOOG  AVAV  GPRO  KAMN  LMT  Google 
Our REAL TIME TRADE ALERTS via PRIVATE  TWTR FEED, perfect for people who have FT jobs and trade part-time!  AMZN  NFLX  Google  GS  BoeingBoeing  FB
The companies I see to be a good acquisition fit of  Twitter are:  MSFT  Microsoft |  FB  Facebook |  CMCSA… 
NOW OFFERING: 7 Day FREE Trial to our options day trading team
Room or  TWTR Feed
 FB  Apple  NFLX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
 TWTR Key words: "LIVE on Twitter"  CRM  Apple  Google 
 takingstock614 Seems they do want to conclude talks by EOM. Maybe a reason for Google weakness. I am rooting for 35!
New post: "Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)" 
"Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)" 
10 Things To Know. Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG) 
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG) via Ben Gilbert
William Blair not enthusiastic on Google's new smartphone direction, deems no threat to Apple
  Apple,  GOOG,  Google
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG) johnangel1977
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)  IEEE  IEEEGreen
William Blair not enthusiastic on Google's new smartphone direction, deems no threat to Apple  Apple  GOOG  Google
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG) Ben Gilbert
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG): It's a big week for Google.
The ... 
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)  tech 
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG) Ben Gilbert 
 bestbuy  USA  1974 Wallet Leather Case Cover with [Kickstand Feature] Card Slot for Googl… 
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)  businessinsider
 business Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG): It's a big week for Go... 
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG): It's a big week ...  business  news
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG): It's a big week f...  AceNewsReport
Google's most ambitious new product isn't its fancy new phone (Google, GOOG)  ROIMentor
 Technology: ⭐️ Pixel’s best features aren’t coming to the new version of Android:  At Googl... ⭐️  HighTech
 SP500  EarningsSeason  SPX  SPY  XLE  XLK  APPL  Google  FB  BMY  JNJ  XOM  CVX 
 H0LYhorseradish I am of the view that much of what googl does serves to strengthen its search business.
Apple: The Free Cash Flow Behemoth  Apple  MSFT  ORCL  GOOG  Google  CSCO
 FB return on invested capital is 39% now, surpassing both  Google and  Apple  stocks  tech  investing  dataviz 
 CRM  Google  DIS:
Exclusive: Twitter to conclude sale deliberations this month: sources:
Today's recap & look ahead  spx  spy  googl  aapl  xle  uso  wfc  baba  amzn  gdx  
Hedge Funds For Dummies:  SPY  SPX  VIX  Apple  AMZN  Google  NFLX  TSLA  Walmart  IBM
2 Tech Stocks You Can Keep Forever  GOOG  Google  FB 
Why  GoPro's Stock Will Go To The Moon.  4IR  tech  drones  GPRO  aapl  bbry  nok  goog  googl  karmadrone  dji 
TripAdvisor Cozies Up To Priceline, But A New Competitor Emerges  GOOG  Google  TRIP 
 TWTR Benioff: It's in Our Interest to Look at Everything" 👇😜 
 CRM  Google  Apple  DIS  FB  GOOG
Google just announced a new WiFi router that's made to blanket your home with internet (GOOG, Google) 
Great setup today! Check out  Google on  setups  scarves  flowers
Prediction:
1.  CRM does not buy  TWTR
2.  Google does not buy  TWTR
3.  DIS does not buy  TWTR
4. No deal is made; stock hits  17
 Medibrat  bagheera79 What about deliberately Googl…oh my 🙀
Google's CEO wants to build a personal Google for every user (GOOG, Google) 
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google) 
 TWTR Once again: Pay Attention to this Benioff tweet 👇👇👇  CRM  Google  Apple  DIS  FB 
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) And YOU are worried over NSA..?! Wow
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 20:30:08 UTC 2016
(1) Google  ->  1870.598
(1) TWTR  ->  -543.202
(1) AMZN  ->  -444.663
Buy Alphabet Inc Stock (Google) If Google Buys Twitter Inc (TWTR) 
Google routers are true.  Nice  GOOG  Google
Alphabet Inc. (Google) price at close, October 05, 2016, is 801.23, via 
After two million miles,  Google robot car now drives better than a 16-year-old via  Recode
 TWTR Funniest bidding war ever! I bet  CRM would not even make a bid before  Google or  Apple makes the proposal. Looking at  36-38.
The first commercial for G  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
Google's Automated Car Masters First 90% of Driving; Last 10% Is The Hardest: Googl... | 
. sengineland: SearchCap: Google My Business advanced verify, AdWords Editor update & Googl...  MarketingDigital
Perfect mobile massager now on Google Play !! Super hard vibration !!
 バイブ  バイブレーター  マッサージ
I don't see  TWTR being that important to  CRM  Apple and especially  DIS much better fit for  Google
ICYMI:  Google unveiled the Pixel smartphone and a VR headset yesterday.  GooglePixel  Google 
ELI5: How does a popular picture on Reddit (Swastika for Comcast, etc) suddenly show up at the top of a Googl... 
Free Technology for Teachers: Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions: 
 TWTR  24.87   +1.36 (5.78%)  - Who will buy  TWTR? -- Bidders:  Google  MSFT  CRM  DIS
 GOOG Breakout above 800 coming soon.
 Google 
Google just announced a new WiFi router that's made to blanket your home with internet (GOOG, Google)... 
We might be having some  TWTR news today, lots of stocks being held down due to this chatter.  Apple  DIS  CRM  Google they all can't  rally
Google is winning the race to develop human-level AI 
 Google  AI  ArtificialIntelligence
I jus think ur not that bright if your still holding  Google for a long play here... *Shrug*
 GOOG,  Google still in pullback, way to trade it 
 AMZN  Google  MSFT  NXPI  QCOM:
Tech investor Paul Meeks buys Salesforce on the dip:
EBTeachesGrade2 great response! We're hosting an online conference,  GoogleEduOnAir, that you might like: 
— Googl…
 takingstock614 Maybe the  TWTR saga ends quickly with  Google overpaying substantially....
 TLT  Yellen’s Plan B: “Intervene Directly” In Stock Market  SPY  DIA  QQQ  IWM  Apple  AMZN  TWTR  FB  GOOG  Google
Monitor your watchlist of assets for tweets - US Tech Giants  Apple  Google  MSFT  FB  TWTR
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 19:45:13 UTC 2016
(4) Google  ->  1063.961
(2) Apple  ->  279.517
(1) TSLA  ->  -1331.414
(3) TWTR  ->  -440.015
A UK retailer appears to h  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
I can think of many other buyers for  TWTR that make sense.  Buyers who could scale Twitter.
Just to name a few:
 Apple
 DIS 
 FB
Die  TWTR , noone wants you.  CRM  FB  Google  DIS  Apple
Google Extends Length of Titles and Descriptions  seo  google | Charter, like AT&T, sues Louisville to stall Googl…
Commented on StockTwits: Look at the Google action since 2.30pm when Benioff spoke 
Cant like  googl PA
 brianbrunner  RatingsNetwork but what about his  Google stock?
 TWTR  Google getting sold hard. Bid?
Don’t let your business play possum with local search: Columnist Adam Dorfman explains how Googl...  socialmedia
 Google sucks
I guess we have nothing to fear about  Google AI 😂
Damn,  Google acting bad....they must be coming in with a bid for  TWTR.  What is up with  Google?
 MSFT hots up cloud competion with Azure data centers in France & trust offensive vs AWS,  Google… 
 Google  GOOG photos on Pixel +  TWTR = fear for  FB & instagram not to mention  Apple
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 19:30:17 UTC 2016
(2) TWTR  ->  -586.582
 CraigScott31 Right. Market could  Google wouldn't skip a beat buying it, but then  CRM wouldn't be down so much. Not a perfect science :)
We calculated 63-day Expected Return of  Google for you: 13.75% 
Artificial intelligence is quickly becoming as biased as we are 
When you perform a Googl… 
 AMZN  earnings THURS Oct 27, 2016 -- not yet confirmed
 Google CONFIRMED :: Thurs Oct 27, 2016 AFTER THE CLOSE
Slim short  Apple showing negative RS. Our target 108.  Stockmarket up, its not.  Google announcement of "Pixel?" 
Note to self  TWTR mkt cap approaching  20b! Don't think a deal will happen.  twitter  stockmarket  wallstreet  CRM  Google  MSFT
Benzinga: Battle Of The 'As': Alphabet Vs. Apple  Apple  GOOG  Google 
 Google Day 4 in a slushy looking squeeze
Google Self-Driving Car Project records 2M miles  GOOG  Google
 DIS,  Google,  MSFT,  CRM …  TWTR must be saved from itself. It’s ¼ perfect but ¾ promise
I just got a Payday loan and ready to make a bid for  TWTR. watch  out  CRM  Google  MSFT  DIS here I come boys 
Alphabet (Google) released its new smartphone named Pixel. Its ability to gain market share could hurt Apple (Apple).  SUACCF16
Battle Of The 'As': Alphabet Vs. Apple  Apple  GOOG  Google 
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 19:15:12 UTC 2016
(2) Google  ->  1912.122
(1) Apple  ->  -81.429
Google Self-Driving Car Project records 2M miles... 
 GOOG,  Google
Salesforce Drops 7%: ‘We Pass on a Lot of Things,’ Says CEO Benioff - Tech Trader Daily -  CRM  TWTR  DIS  Google 
Can Google Challenge Apple In Hardware?...
 GOOG,  MSFT,  QCOM,  SSNLF,  Google,  Apple
 GOOG  Home "It’s best described as inoffensive". Really. That's the BEST description?  Google
 Google  AI  ArtificalIntelligence
5-star analyst Ben Schachter from Macquarie reiterated a BUY on  Google. Ben has a 88% success rate  NASDAQ  stocks
What Is The Price Tag Of  Twitter?  TWTR  LNKD  MSFT  DIS  CRM  GOOG  Google  4IR  tech  socialmedia  news  merger 
 AwesomeTrading And Google the dog.
 TWTR buyout by  CRM most likely,  Google  DIS waiting in the long grass 
Anyone here buying the  GOOG  Google Pixel?
Alphabet's (Google) Buy Rating Reiterated at  SunTrustBanks Inc. Read more:  STI
Why  googl won't overpay for  twtr is same reason I bought  googl couple years back, Ruth will e sure financial constraint
Alphabet's (Google) "Buy" Rating Reiterated at  SunTrustBanks Inc. Read more:  STI
Bidding wars are normally won by the irrational one. I tend to think Google stays calm and won't over pay.  CRM  Google  GOOG  TWTR
The advantage  Apple has is ownership of its software and hardware.  SamsungMobile has to worry about  Google getting greedy.  strongtogether
Battle Of The 'As': Alphabet Versus Apple: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: Google)'s Google unit in...  aapl
Battle Of The 'As': Alphabet Versus Apple: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: Google)'s Google ...  goog  googl
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 19:00:27 UTC 2016
(1) Google  ->  1678.927
 Google Hasn't been able to get going all day, pulling back on TL Ris could have some follow thru
Cool.The broke guy probably won't be putting in a low bid for  twtr
Too much pressure from his investors. 
 googl feels pressure from no one
Five questions will be closed in less than 3 hours. Don't forget to make your predictions!  Cindicatorapp  P  NFLX  Google
Tech News: Google Pixel / Pixel XL Vs Apple iPhone 7 / 7 Plus Benchmarks Comparison: Here's a Googl...  iOS_Only
Wondering about risks of  Google? The 63-day volatility is 6.35% 
The Company-Wide Effort That Brought Google's New VR Platform Daydream To Life:  Google  GOOG
 Google pretty swift reversal off hod. 5 hourly bars rejected at intraday TL resistance.
Google Stock: Pixel Is the First Step in Alphabet's Grand New Plan  investorplace
Apple’s Got Nothing to Fear from Google Pixel ‘Science Project,’ Says William Blair -Tech Trader Daily-  Apple  Google 
 Google easymoneylucy:  AGHI issued a corporate update regarding its recently 
Pixel Is the First Step in Alphabet Inc's Grand New Plan (Google) 
Google's Pixel Phone: Everything You Wanted The iPhone To Be: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: Google)'s G... 
Can Google Challenge Apple In Hardware?  MSFT  QCOM  SSNLF  GOOG  Google  Apple
If not  CRM there are more! CRM is a loser .. couldn't get  LNKD in time .. now they will lose  TWTR to  Google ..
 Tech  Stock Roundup: MSFT Deals, CRM Objections, TWTR Buy  CRM  MSFT  TWTR Also  WDAY  Apple  CSCO  ADBE  Google... 
Bought  Google 10/14 790 calls    17.00
How would the world be different today if  YHOO had successfully acquired  Google?
 themoneyrose meeen, they dont know what to do with their cash ... fact ... twtr  googl  aapl
Twitter expected to field bids this week; Salesforce bidding; Google, Disney may too  TWTR   CRM  Google  DIS
The Next Web update: Google’s autonomous car just passed 2 million miles 
Wonder why  Google is not moving when  pixelphone is out of stock in less than 24hr of its release ?  CNBCFastMoney  RiskReversal
Google couldn't stop copying Apple, Amazon, and Facebook even if it wanted to (GOOG, Google, MSFT, AMZN, FB) 
Googl…
Twitter, Facebook To Stream Debates; Apple's Car?; BlackBerry New Phone - Eye On Tech  GOOG  FCAU  Google  NFLX
 TWTR deal, if there is one, wont happen until the weekend, so speculating on  CRM or  Google would be better done on Friday.
Google’s event yesterday was the most hilarious ‘OK Google’ nightmare via  thenextweb
To all you "chartists" out there,  TWTR just hit a very steep uptrend line. I am out. Without a  Google bid, I doubt it can go higher.
 GOOG  Google  Apple:
Google’s Pixel Phone: Everything You Wanted The iPhone To Be:
Alphabet's buy rating reiterated at SunTrust Banks Inc..  900.00 PT.  Google  Google
 TWTR  Apple  CRM  Google  DIS  MSFT   ORCL TWTR buyout imminent but who? If it DIS or APPL TWTR will disappear in months. ONLY Google&CRM PLS
 AI ... and software applications, Alphabet (Google) is taking a new tack by focusing on its machine learning and… 
 NFLX up another 4% today. Now only down 7% this year. Still, it remains worst performer of the FANG (FAnG?) stocks lately.  FB  AMZN  Google
 nailthenumber 
 SCBlitz  CraigScott31 
31-17
Big Ben 24 completions
Bonus:
 twtr bought by  googl at  33/sh
Google Now: Why Google Assistant Won Alphabet Inc,.'s (Google) October 04 Event 
 TWTR What a day! Nice to ride along in the Twitter mobile w the rest of you longs.  CRM  Apple  Google  DIS 
EDM Stars The Chainsmokers, Major Lazer And Calvin Harris Dominate Googl.. Related Articles: 
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) - 
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) via  NewsRepublic
What should be the good price for twitter  TWTR?  CRM  Google  Apple  FB  HalftimeReport
Hire Umme L. on PeoplePerHour via  PeoplePerHour 
 Google or  Apple likely to buy  Twitter, ex-interim Yahoo CEO Ross Levinsohn says - CNBC.  Google  Apple  TWTR 
The app icons on Google's new phone look way different than the iPhone (GOOG, Google) 
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google)  news… 
 Google +0.39%
 DIS        +0.31%
 CRM     -6.54%
The market is telling you who is currently in the lead for  TWTR
 jdkhullar I was kind of thinking the same. I was thinking  26- 28. But if it's  googl maybe near  30
Alphabet Inc (Google) Is Best Fit to Acquire Twitter (TWTR): Top Analyst 
SAlphaTrending: Can Google Challenge Apple In Hardware?  MSFT  MICROSOFT  WINDOWS  QCOM  SSNLF  GOOG  Google  Apple
 MarginHunt LOL do you think you can value an artificial intelligence engine????  twtr  googl
 SPY Is The Stock Market Cheap Now?  SPX  DIA  DJIA  QQQ  IWM  Apple  AMZN  FB  GOOG  Google  TWTR  stocks  finance  C
Can Google Challenge Apple In Hardware?  MSFT  MICROSOFT  WINDOWS  QCOM  SSNLF  GOOG  Google  Apple
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google)  Finance
 NYSE_TWTR  NASDAQ_Google  NYSE_CRM Twitter Tax? Possible Bid Has Salesforce Shares Sliding: Twitter tax?… 
I bought Google Home instead of  Amazon's Echo - here's why (GOOG, Google, ). Read more:  AMZN
This isn't the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google): The Nexus is dead. Long ..  tech 
Why  GOOG  Google should buy  TWTR  CRM  DIS   
 TWTR Today the gloves came off. Tearing the shorts to shreds.  CRM  Google  Apple  DIS 
 JGN74 maybe  28 max. From  Google
Can Google Challenge Apple In Hardware?  GOOG,  MSFT,  QCOM,  SSNLF,  Google,  Apple
 Google 16-day forecast -1.02 ; Dorseys Return Twitter Tax bombshell; with trending at 
 GOOG  Google:
Can Google Challenge Apple In Hardware?:
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 17:45:15 UTC 2016
(6) Google  ->  1924.132
(2) Apple  ->  1050.32
(4) TWTR  ->  27.801
(1) Intel  ->  904.034
 afortunetraders u still in with Google 840's?
 AdobeMuse has integrated break-points into their program. Here's Googl'es break-down that may help!  UXDesign… 
Apple Shareholders: Just Ignore Google's Pixel Phone  Apple  GOOG  Google
Google To Threaten Apple? Not Yet  GOOG  Google  Apple
How much are you paying to own a tech stock like Amazon or Facebook?
This much: 
 AMZN… 
Google’s autonomous car just passed 2 million miles 
Google couldn't stop copying Apple, Amazon, and Facebook even if it wanted to ( GOOG,  Google,  MSFT,  AMZN,  FB)
 TWTR personal wish list
1.  Google 
2.  DIS
3.  Snapchat
 accionempresa HTC actually made the Pixel phone, not that you could tell from Tuesday's Googl...  gerenciatodos
 Twitter  TWTR shares rose in early trading on takeover speculation; possible bidders include  Google,  DIS, and  CRM 
Google Trends Data Suggests Increasing Voter Registrations Among  Latinos  GOOG  Google  via  benzinga  elections  US
How to check which URLs have been indexed by Google using Python How to check which URLs have been indexed by Googl… 
 business  retail This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google) 
Salesforce Drops 7%: A Twitter Bid Not Consistent with Their …:
 Apple  Google Poof - More Samsung Galaxy 7 fires - this time on a Plane 
 TWTR The words of a Benioff have more weight and effect than the words of a Sacca.  CRM  Google  Apple
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 17:30:14 UTC 2016
(5) Google  ->  2164.493
(3) TWTR  ->  52.567
Alphabet: Nice Hardware, But Street Enamored of ‘Google Assistant’ - Tech Trader Daily -  Google  Apple 
Finally fiscal package to stimulate German domestic demand
 AMZN  Google  FB  SPX  NFLX 
Google Home will give Amazon a run for its money  AMZN  Google via  YahooFinance
 Google  Apple:
Alphabet: Nice Hardware, But Street Enamored of ‘Google Assistant’:
 RedDogT3 Googl is the most likely buyer and seems weighed down by it's bid for twtr. Do you think the bid for twtr go into 35-40?
Salesforces Well-Structured Operations Taking A Back Seat In The Markets Mind To Twitter Talk  CRM  DIS  Google 
To reign supreme in the smart home, Google Home has some big shoes to fill. October 05, 2016 at 08:06PM CNET Googl… 
 BusinessSensei  gilmoreport those same hypocrites better quit using  Google &  Apple since they store cash overseas for tax reasons
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google)  tech 
This isn't the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google) 
Clstk: This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google): The Nexus is dead. Lon... 
 Google Holding nicely around 805-806 levels. Good support levels.
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 17:15:12 UTC 2016
(4) Google  ->  1924.081
(2) Apple  ->  1050.738
(2) TWTR  ->  195.839
(1) AMZN  ->  595.718
20B or 22B
 Google
Twitter becomes part of the machine 🤖
YES?
 Google  GOOG  When are we doing the stock split ?
 googl call807.5 from yesterday: 1.70  x 300= 410usd  Yummie. Next two days look flat or little bad  googl less predictable my opinion
"This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google)" 
New post: "This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google)" 
Android News Android Developer Story: Papumba grows revenue globally by localising its family titles on Googl... 
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google) October 05, 2016 at 07:03PM take a …
10 Things To Know. This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google) 
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google): The Nexus is dead. Long live ... 
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google) Jeff Dunn
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google) via Jeff Dunn
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google) johnangel1977
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google)  IEEE  IEEEGreen
This isn’t the first time Google has launched an expensive phone (GOOG, Google)  SiliconAlleyInsider
 GOOG  Google  VZ:
Google To Threaten Apple? Not Yet:
Google Top news - Oct 5th, 2016  Google 
Google To Threaten Apple? Not Yet  GOOG  GoogleE  Google  Apple
Access curated tweets- high relevancy, less spam - US Tech Giants  Apple  Google  MSFT  FB  TWTR
 TWTR  Google  Apple  CRM  DIS  SQ:
Google or Apple likely to buy Twitter, former Yahoo CEO Ross …:
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) 
Twitter: The Deal Is Dying, Long Live The Deal  CRM  DIS  Google  TWTR
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions  schk12
Here's Everything You Need To Know About Alphabet Inc's (Google) Chromecast Ultra 4K
 Google  Alphabet  Chromecast
Pixel Is the First Step in Alphabet Inc’s Grand New Plan
 pixelphone  Google  alphabet
 Google trending higher after big event. Can it pass  TWTR and  FB  next week?  stocks  socialmedia  WednesdayWisdom… 
 Google small wkly BF holding above 5ema
Google’s New Phones Target Apple But They Could Hurt Samsung More
 Samsung  GalaxyNote7  Google  Apple  Apple  Google
Here's Why Everyone Will Love Alphabet Inc.'s (Google) Newly Announced Google Wi-Fi Router
 Google  GoogleWifi
Salesforce slides on report company may be among suitors for Twitter   CRM  TWTR  GOOG  Google  DIS: Full Story 
: Airbnb offers a stay in Abbey Road studios    with Mark Ronson    A competition organi... 
Benzinga: Google Seeking The Trifecta Of Hardware, Software And A.I.  GOOG  Google 
 BestShopBee Google’s Robo-Cars Hit 2M Miles, Confirm Driving Is Dadgum Tricky: Googl... 
clayton: Google 805.00 Alphabet Class A  Google added to my 
 Google's  Pixel Will Flop, Yet Still Be Relevant  Apple  GOOG  Google
 business I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) 
Google 805.00 Alphabet Class A  Google added to my watch list. Right now with Google I am watching the last price 
Google Seeking The Trifecta Of Hardware, Software And A.I.  GOOG  Google 
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 16:45:18 UTC 2016
(1) MSFT  ->  919.189
(5) Google  ->  1210.913
(3) Apple  ->  1073.536
(4) TWTR  ->  -371.627
So  Google HAS OWN PHONE, will it start charging to use android system?
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN)  Business 
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions 
 Setting4Success I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN)  News  smallbusiness  entrepreneur
On The Fly: Top stock stories at midday  TWTR  CRM  MU  STZ  MON  ACIA  ENH  GOOG  Google  DIS  GIMO  ANGO: Fu... 
Overall Googl.+ users in US went up 8x%
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:Google) Acquires Webpass for Wireless ISP Status  googlefiber
 Tech  Headline: Android 7.1 brings a mix of small changes and Pixel-specific additions: 
Enlarge / The Googl... 
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon’s Echo — here’s why (GOOG, Google, AMZN)  Business
Android 7.1 brings a mix of small changes and Pixel-specific additions: 
Enlarge / The Googl... via Ars Technica
Alphabet's outperform rating reiterated at Macquarie.  975.00 PT.  Google  Google
＠jk6 Nexus 6 Organic Leather Sleeve/Case | MULTIPLE CHOICE |  Nexus6  Nexus6Sleeve  Nexus6Cover  Nexus6Case  Googl…
Just the Good Stuff from Yesterday's  Google Event |  Google  Pixel  Home  VR  AI  Assistant  Chromecast 
 Google connect-it-all devices are basically user intel fueling its ad targeting engines for decades to come. A massive privacy trade-off.
Google's biggest event ever has some analysts expecting the stock will shoot to the moon via  sai
Tickers mentioned in Wednesday's linkfest:  AMZN  GOOG  Google  TWTR  GS  BLK 
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo - here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) 
With new product launches,  Google is going after  Apple iPhone and  Amazon echo. Another Google Glass or are they good?  Apple  Google  AMZN
Alphabet's (NASDAQ:Google) Enters Home Device Market to Compete with - Smrt Stck Nws In contrast, Ama... 
Virtual and Augmented Reality Market Journey to the Mainstream  VUZI  Google  Intel  MSFT  virtualreality  AR  tech 
Trader was disappointed with  GOOG  Google conference and sold his shares with 26% return 
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 16:30:15 UTC 2016
(3) Google  ->  1041.559
(3) Apple  ->  1180.584
(4) TWTR  ->  -386.456
"I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN)" 
New post: "I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN)" 
Great article on  Googl 's event. I got excited reading about it. Phone commercial captivating, fun dig at having ear ph jack. Bought some!😃
10 Things To Know. I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) 
 Google could do so much with  TWTR it's really a slam dunk at nearly any price
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) johnangel1977
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) via Ben Gilbert
Apple, Google, Coca-Cola top list of 100 most valuable brands
 Apple  Google  CocaCola  Apple  GOOG  Google  Yahoo
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN): I've been… 
 business  retail I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) 
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) Ben Gilbert
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN) Ben Gilbert 
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN)  IEEE  IEEEGreen
 petenajarian  HalftimeReport  Google would be the super-fit. Turbo boost.
StockTwits Trending Alert: Trading recent interest in ALPHABET INC CLASS A  Google 
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN)  SiliconAlleyInsider
'Apple Shareholders: Just Ignore Google's Pixel Phone'
 GOOG  Google  Apple  stocks  investing  finance  stockmarket
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN)  ROIMentor
Google makes progress on self-driving cars, hits 2 million mile mark: MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. (Reuters) - Googl... 
Google Seeking The Trifecta Of Hardware, Software And A.I.: Eric Sheridan of UBS has a simple fo...  goog  googl
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN)  tech 
 Apple  Google  KO:
Apple, Google, Coca-Cola top list of 100 most valuable brands: report:
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN): I've been sold on voice-contr... 
I bought Google Home instead of Amazon's Echo — here's why (GOOG, Google, AMZN): I've been sold on voi... by  SAI
Google Extends Length of Titles and Descriptions  seo  google | Google unveils its newest major product: the Googl…
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 16:15:12 UTC 2016
(1) Google  ->  235.757
(1) Apple  ->  1329.132
(3) TWTR  ->  -526.432
Good review of  Google 's new consumer hardware ambitions. 
Watch out Echo, Google Home is here  Google
 SPY Watch out for this stock market scam!  QQQ  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  GOOG  Google  FB  TWTR  stocks  stockmarket  TSLA
Apple Inc. Reigns as Brand King, Google Covets the Crown  Apple  Google  Apple  Google
REMINDER Join me &  stockdarts in 25min    12:30pmEST FREE Wed  Webinar  SPY  IWM  oil   Apple  Google  TWTR  FB etc 
 Google has been desperately trying for a  VMW blessing-- which  AMZN will announce next week 
 Google  GOOG:
Google’s Self-Driving Car Program Odometer Reaches 2 Million Miles:
If you use a "free" email service like  Yahoo (  YHOO ) or  gmail (  Google ), guess what.  It isn't.  HT… 
It's Official: Google Is the New Apple - - It's Official: Googl... 
 TWTR  GS  DIS  CRM  Google:
Twitter CEO Dorsey faces company discord: Report:
SAlphaTrending: Google's Pixel Will Flop, Yet Still Be Relevant  Apple  APPLE  GOOG  Google
Google's Pixel Will Flop, Yet Still Be Relevant  Apple  APPLE  GOOG  Google
California Today: California Today: The Steep Costs of Fighting Wildfires: Wednesday: Budgeting to suppress California’s fires, Googl...
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google): Wall Street was impre..  tech 
The  Chromecast Ultra is here with 4K support  Google
 Google Wishful Thinking:  SPCL starting here - Wishful Thinking 
 Google JohnnyBlaze:  ICRD New-Website today. Fully-Reporting Soon. 35.8M O/S 
Technology Sector Update for 10/04/2016: Google,GOOG,BRCD,TUBE 
Google introduced a modular WiFi router for your home  Google
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) // 
 crm BUYS  TWTR THEN  Google BUYS  CRM. Deal between  Google and  CRM already agreed. The see the face of  FB  Apple… 
Millennials are hooked to  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
Here’s what Wall Street is saying after Google’s big hardware event (GOOG, Google)  AI  robotics | artificial intel…
Fed Rate Hike Fears Keep a Lid on the Markets   SPX  DIJA  COMP  RUT  Google  MU  Apple  GBP… 
 business Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) 
Pixel Is the First Step in Alphabet Inc’s Grand New Plan (Google).. Related Articles: 
 YHOO  FB  Google:
I have Yahoo email and wouldn’t mind government snooping: Walter …:
It's official: The 'Nexus' line for Google is dead  Google  Pixel
Commented on StockTwits:  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google vs 2016 Projected EPS how much are you paying up?… 
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions by  rmbyrne  GonzaloETC  GoogleForEdu  
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google vs 2015 EPS how much are you paying up? 
 GS  Google  GOOG  TWTR:
On Anniversary of Dorsey’s Return, Twitter Is Exploring Sale:
SAlphaTrending: Free-For-All For Twitter  AGN  CAB  CRM  DANOY  DEPO  DIS  DSNKY  ENDP  ENH  GOOG  Google  HZNP  IN…
 carlquintanilla  Jason  CNBC  Google would be foolish to let  FB  CRM or  DIS acquire  TWTR . At least Benioff sees value, even if not a fit
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) 
Why This Major Investor Is Selling Twitter Inc Stock (TWTR)
 TWTR  MSFT  Google 
. Google moves into Apple's playground with the launch of  thepixel (your capital is at ris… 
Free-For-All For Twitter  AGN  CAB  CRM  DANOY  DEPO  DIS  DSNKY  ENDP  ENH  GOOG  Google  HZNP  ININ  JNJ  JPM
Free-For-All For Twitter  TWTR,  AGN,  CAB,  CRM,  DANOY,  DEPO,  DIS,  DSNKY,  ENDP,  ENH,  GOOG,  Google
 carlquintanilla  Jason  CNBC worth the regulatory scrutiny?  How many search queries on TWTR per month?  Anon of TWTR mixing with Googl?
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 15:30:09 UTC 2016
(3) Google  ->  1508.409
(1) TWTR  ->  225.891
Moments of truth for  Google right now . . .
 SanFranciscoVC  twitter they need to start doing these auctions via showcase showdown a la  thepriceisright, im on team  Google
 TWTR  CRM  Google  FB:
Expect Twitter acquisition to wreak havoc on buyer’s stock, Cramer …:
Alphabet Hits Apple, Inc.'s iPhone 7 Where It Hurts  Apple  GOOG  Google 
Meet Pixel, Google’s Smartphone
 Google,  google,  Pixel,  Daydream,  headset,  software,  hardware,  finger... 
 google  SNE Playstation VR has the sleeker model, however   Google VR set looks great for travel.  Daydream
 NegraYLibre  itsWanda  WSJ Oh yeah, I've been trading it heavily all week.  Google,  DIS, &  FB all make > sense to me as buyers than  CRM.
Pixel Is the First Step in Alphabet Inc’s Grand New Plan  Google  GOOG  tech  AMZN  SSNLF… 
 business  retail Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) 
Here’s what Wall Street is saying after Google’s big hardware event (GOOG, Google)  Business
Ya-who’s been looking at your e-mail? - Most of us manage our personal e-mail through web portals such as Googl... 
 DIS  Google  CRM gonna buy  TWTR ????
Where are the shares headed?
Google  GOOG  Google Has Its Own Phones. Now It Must Fix Its Retail Strategy 
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google)  Business 
 WIRED We lose  BBRY to mobile and  Google takes up the slack,
Apple Shareholders: Just Ignore Google’s Pixel Phone:
 Setting4Success Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google)  News  smallbusiness  entrepreneur
‘It’s Nice to See Google (Google) Pushing Into Hardware,’ Senior …:
Apple Shareholders: Just Ignore Google's Pixel Phone  Apple  APPLE  GOOG  Google
Does it occur to anyone that many of us are loyal to  TWTR because it exists outside the orbits of  FB or  Google?
'It's Nice to See Google  Google Pushing Into Hardware,' Senior Tech Analyst Gillis Says 
'It's Nice to See Google  Google Pushing Into Hardware,' Senior Tech Analyst Gillis Says  StockAction
Stock Analysts’ Updated EPS Estimates for October, 5th  Apple, ABB, ACIIQ, AFN, BGEO, BMO, DB, EXK, Google, MSFT 
 CRM  TWTR  Google  MSFT  FB  DIS:
Salesforce drops 7%, Twitter pops 4.5% as takeover bids said to be …:
"Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google)" 
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) johnangel1977
 AMZN Pixel Is the First Step in Alphabet Inc’s Grand New Plan (Google) 
 AMZN Alphabet Inc’s Pixel Is Going Straight for Apple’s Dome (Google) 
Clstk: Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google): Wall Street was imp... 
10 Things To Know. Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) 
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) via Avery Hartmans
Update on this wk's 8Iron condors: 8/8wins for members +2500 on 10contracts. no deltas>.2  SPX  RUT  SPY  QQQ  IWM  Apple  Google &  FB
 smartertrader  msft and  vz like to buy broken companies. I think  googl is out.
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google)  tech 
IMO twtr only valuable to googl yhoo msft  because you take every email auto create acct  auto log into email and gets active user up huge
New post: "Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google)" 
 TWTR takeover talks are continuing, Alphabet  Google is the most likely buyer, according to Capital Wave strategist Shah Gilani. Price 50+
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) Avery Hartmans
Stock positive news alert: Google 
Google Home will give Amazon a run for its money 
Go… 
'We're in it for the long  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google)  ROIMentor
 Google is the tech stock setting up for a nice pop coming within the next week tgt 830 +/- 
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google)  IEEE  IEEEGreen
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 15:00:16 UTC 2016
(5) Google  ->  1737.724
(3) Apple  ->  956.68
(1) FB  ->  832.458
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google) Avery Hartmans 
Here's what Wall Street is saying after Google's big hardware event (GOOG, Google): Wall Street was impressed ... 
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions  education  feedly
 googl doing what it does best, nothing
Yesterday, it became official. Why Google is the new Apple  justinjbariso via  Inc  Apple  Google  GOOG
 googl is going to  900. Home is going to be a big hit. 129 and might lead to youtube red and google music subs after the free 6 months.
Google’s event yesterday was the most hilarious ‘OK Google’ nightmare 
This is complete nonsense.   Googl  could tuck  TWTR in and not disclose numbers for years
 CRM  MSFT  DIS  FB… 
Google’s Software Sell for Hardware via  vauhinivara  Google  GOOG  Google
 ibcen1gma  Google going to  1000
Motorola confirms 15 phones will get Nougat  Google
Alphabet's buy rating reiterated at Citigroup Inc..  Google  Google
 RaginCajun  795 wouid be PNF ascending top breakout and uncharted territory on  GOOG. However,  Google chart shows bear trap. My head hurts.
In the end  crm will lose out to  googl as they lost out to  msft which would be great bc  crm is broke and will bid low.  twtr
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 14:45:10 UTC 2016
(2) Google  ->  1453.018
(2) Apple  ->  996.069
(1) TWTR  ->  214.163
(2) FB  ->  902.238
Google's new products share a common element: Google (GOOG, Google) debuted a broad ra... 
Dow Jones Industrial Average Today Slumps On Brexit Fears  DB  DRI  GS  P  WFC  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  Google  OIL  USO 
Awake the sleeping giant,  Google  long  exodus
 rosterloh Next year, design the Googl-iest phone ever! U guys did it before with CB. This time use premium white c… 
Google My Business testing advanced verification process for spammy map categories: Googl...  SEO  Tech  Digital
 twtr Anyone know how badly  Google wants a social media play? Trying to think how much theyll bid
Google ( Google) Pixel is a true Apple ( Apple) iPhone competitor
The Smart Home Market Is About to Be a Full House  AMZN  Apple  GOOG  Google  FB 
Google Gets Upper Hand in The Home Assistant Category Fight (Google, AMZN): The succes... 
Google Gets Upper Hand in The Home Assistant Category Fight (Google, AMZN): The success of Echo, Ama... 
YahooFinance: All of Google's new products share a common element DanielHowley  Google 
 Twitter is reportedly fielding takeover bids this week from the likes of Salesforce, Google and  Disney for between  18B- 30B  CRM,  Google
SE Land: Google My Business testing advanced verification process for spammy map categories: Googl...  seo  news
 Google  stocks  stockmarket  investing  tech  business 
 tsla  googl breaking out shortly this week. Calls on deck
Never been such a big fan of  CRM due to valuation compared to other  cloud stocks such as  MSFT  IBM  Google but CEO Marc Benioff .. 1/2
All of Google's new products share a common element  DanielHowley  Google 
FREE REPORT
How do  equity  investment  HedgeFunds see  stocks
 Google  AMZN  Apple  BRK  XOM
in the coming weeks?… 
 swat_premium is  googl stuck until the  twtr rumors on buyer are finally over
 AwesomeTrading and look googl may move today lol
Long 815 calls on  Google for 6.90 Oct 21 exp.
 CGasparino  Google buying it makes the most sense to me. They have desperately been trying to get a foothold in social media & can sell ads
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 14:15:35 UTC 2016
(1) Google  ->  740.501
(2) Apple  ->  1541.774
(2) FB  ->  443.189
If ya short cuzza Trump, ya get ya meat lumped.  SPY  NDX  Google  TWTR  PCLN  NFLX
Benzinga: Google's Q3 Earnings: 'Tougher Comps Vs. Modest Expectations'  Google  GOOG
 ChessTrades Hi Chess.  Can you show the next support/resistance for  Google when you have a moment?  I'm in the Oct  800 calls.
Twitter to field takeover bids, WSJ says Salesforce keen to buy the company by  monicalangley  TWTR  CRM  DIS  Google
Google's Q3 Earnings: 'Tougher Comps Vs. Modest Expectations'  Google  GOOG
Facebook Not Likely to Buy Twitter  FB  TWTR  GOOG  Google  CRM 
Your Must-Reads For Wednesday: Google, Twitter, Amazon, Gold And More  Google  TWTR  AMZN… 
This Top Analyst Dives in on Facebook Inc (FB) and Alphabet Inc (Google) Amid Major Launch Events - Smarter Analyst 
Stocks rising like the tide in front of Hurricane Matthew.  Google  SPY
Google Event: From Pixels to VR to Home
Alphabet (Google) stock: Jefferies sets  1,000 price target - Business Insider 
 spy Bad news is good news. Good news is good news. Buy calls.  aapl  amzn  tsla  googl  nflx
I know I know,  Google keeps going lower after I sold my short but I had hit my profit target for that trade.  discipline
If U R a bear,you are one dumba  ,throw a dart &win free     just buy !  pcln  amzn  googl  aapl  HalftimeReport  cnbc  CNBCFastMoney donkey
Salesforce’s Well-Structured Operations Taking A Back Seat In The …:
Google's New Smartphones Show It's Serious About Challenging Apple and Samsung
Google Keyword Planner vs Googl 
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:Google) Acquires Webpass for Wireless ISP Status  Google
 ACIA - so price her above  103.50.  & she should find new highs if we rally hard into  Google  AMZN end of oct...  otherwise we flounder
 pjofinance Did the exact same. Dont think CRM will end up acquiring TWTR.  Google more likely.
 Google  stocks  stockmarket  investing  tech  telecom  business 
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:Google) Unveils Its Google Pixel Handsets And The Blue Limited Edition Already Sold  Google  VZ
Early movers: 
 TWTR /  CRM /  Google /  DIS
 AMZN
 MCD
 MU - recovers from after hours dip
+55% on the  Google call 
See what experienced investors are saying about  SPY  NTNX  REN  MU  Google  GOOG  FB  DIS  TSLA  JNUG and more at… 
 GOOG  Google Everything you need to know from Google’s Pixel event 
GoogleY SPIN 4  GoogleE  sundarpichai  efinancialnews  nytimesbusiness  bespokeinvest  benzinga
You Can Be A Stock Market Genius by Joel Greenblatt:  SPY  STX  VLO  WDC  Apple  Google  Walmart
 SNE  SONY PlayStation VR: Fowler calls it the best way to bring virtual reality home.  FB  Google  Apple  MSFT  AMZN
YahooFinance: Google phones target Apple but could leave Samsung vulnerable  Google  Apple 
 googl needs to hold  805- 806 now
 Google easymoneylucy:  LAGBF on watch for news - easymoneylucy 
Google phones target Apple but could leave Samsung vulnerable  Google  Apple 
 Souq  Apple  UAE Apple's iPhone 7 handily outperforms new Google Pixel in early benchmarks: 
The Googl...  
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 13:45:11 UTC 2016
(3) Google  ->  2773.054
(1) Apple  ->  1274.109
(1) TSLA  ->  -274.216
(3) TWTR  ->  -76.624
and out at  807.25  Google
Shorting  Google at 808.23 right now
 Apple  FB  Google  NKE  MSFT  AMZN trade 4x 23x book value with that multiple  SNE  SONY should trade btw  80 to  450 
 Apple  FB  Google  NKE  MSFT  AMZN trade 4x-23x book value with that multiple  SNE  SONY should trade btw  80 to  450
 TWTR Mkt saying no to  CRM and yes to  Google. GOOG should not miss this opportunity
 Google Looks very strong today and  above 813 blue skies
 SNE Sony's new  399 PlayStation VR brings us way closer to the next big thing in computing  FB  Apple  MSFT  Google
WSJ: Twitter to field bids this week, likely from CRM, GOOG, DIS  GOOG  Google  CRM  TWTR
All of Google's new products share a common element: Google (GOOG, Google) debuted a broad range of devices on... 
 YHOO  MSFT  Google:
Yahoo fires back on claims that it secretly scanned emails:
 GOOG  Google: Pixel Is the First Step in Alphabet's Grand New Plan 
Google's new products share a common element: Google (GOOG, Google) debuted a broad range of devices on Tuesda... 
v4 --> Wed Oct 05 13:30:09 UTC 2016
(1) ADBE  ->  916.239
(1) AMZN  ->  -348.576
Netflix, Alphabet, Salesforce: Fast Money Picks For October 5  CRM  GOOG  Google via  benzinga
 miriamgottfried what is 30 bln for Google? :)
All of Google's new products share a common element: Google (GOOG, Google) debuted a broad range o...  tech  news
 CRM down and  Google up is telling us  TWTR being bought by  CRM but in the end who knows
All of Google's new products share a common element
Google (GOOG, Google) debuted a broad range of devices on Tuesday including two new sma…
Google (GOOG, Google) debuted a broad range of devices on... 
only  crm and  fb have the capability to turn  twtr into the powerhouse it should have been.    msft  googl  dis lack that kind of vision.
 jimcramer   Google has news search but it's not really real time like  TWTR...why don't they just duplicate it?  Is it that difficult?
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:Google) Launches The Google Hom... via  marketexclusive 
TV Ad Pricing Chart: - most of the top scripted shows, seem to have a decline...where is the ad   going?  FB  Google?
NEWS: Is this the most undervalued stock around? Read:  Google  SUNE  ACAD  NYMT  IRBT  OKE  LTBR  HW  NVDQ
Why Walt Disney Co (DIS) Is Far Better Off With Netflix, Inc.  DIS  NFLX  TWTR  Google  GOOG… 
 insidegame Long Google
 TWTR up 2% premarket and  CRM down 5%.  DIS &  Google flat. If Salesforce is the only serious bidder, will it still pay a big big price?
Alphabet's buy rating reiterated at Cantor Fitzgerald.  1,000.00 PT.  Google  Google
I'm no expert but wouldn't Twitter with Gmail, and YouTube inside their platform increase the user community?  Google
 IowakidSB  TWTR belongs with a New Servce company like  FOXA  rupertmurdoch , not with  DIS or  CRM .  FB or  Google makes sense too
 Finance &  Money Google Details New Pixel Smartphones, Amazon Echo Rival: Googl.. 
 MONSTERstacks He's Smoking Aleppo today comparing  TWTR to MySpace. Real Time Search. Great User Base.   Cramer  Twitter  TWTR  Google  FB
 carlquintanilla  IvanTheK How many people are on Google plus? Was supposed to take people off of FB
GoogleE 2 GET A GoogleY SPIN  Google 
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions
Finally at what price will  TWTR sell?
For  CRM -- my guess  26 to 30 (Benioff loves most -- will pay most)
 DIS  24-26
 Google  ....?
"if we can work on hardware and software together, we can innovate much better." - Google hardware boss. Sound familiar?  Apple  Apple  Google
 Google can afford  Google but serious  EU antitrust issues guarantee delays
+  Google facing massive EU fines ( 5 Bn + soon)
 uncertain 2/
Actions on Google will enable third-party integrations through Google Assistant:   Googl...  India  tech  mobile
 Google  AA  Apple  MSFT  IBM  AMZN:
Yesterday’s Antitrust Laws Can’t Solve Today’s Problems:
YahooFinance: Google is going to win the next major battle in computing  Google 
WSJ says  TWTR bids this weekend
 CRM  Google  DIS
Benioff loves  TWTR for data
BUT  CRM would face massive dilution in stk deal  1/2
 Iagann whats that im too scared to googl
 SPY Picking Stocks: What  stocks should I buy?  Apple  AMZN  FB  NFLX  GOOG  Google  TWTR  stockmarket  finance  TSLA
Google is going to win the next major battle in computing  Google 
 Apple  Google leaves  Apple behind in two important ways  GOOG  Google  QQQ  SPY  stocks  stockmarket  DIA  MSFT  FB
 Brightcove takes 9Now to the Big Screen with Google Chromecast. Read Blog:  BCOV
SPECIAL  17/MONTH TWITTER RATE -
500+ MEMBERS. We trade  SPY  IWM  QQQ  UVXY  BBRY  PCLN  FB  DB  WFC  NFLX  Google
VXX Citigroup, Inc. P/E Ratio
Read More --> 
 VXX  Google  XLU  stock
Google’s Q3 Earnings: ‘Tougher Comps Vs. Modest Expectations’:
Google Badger Daylighting Ltd. Summary
 Google  NVDA  COST  investing
 TWTR bids expected this week (up to  24.49 in  premarket Can it hit  25+ today? tough to chase it  CRM  Google  DIS
Salesforce Said to be Very Interested Bidder
   
   CRM  TWTR  Google  DIS 
  Vote… 
Apparently EU is preparing a big fine for  Google ... that will be fun!
After Report on  Yahoo  YHOO, Tech Firms  Google,  MSFT,  TWTR,  FB Deny Scanning Emails for U.S. Government.
The Next Web update: Why Google Pixel might be the ultimate camera 
 twtr  crm  dis  googl 
Potential  10.75b Tax Bill For Apple Would Be A Treat For Shareholders  GOOG  Google  MCD  Apple
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:Google) Launches The Google Home Speaker  Google  AMZN
 GOOG  Google Excellent overview of Highlights from yesterday's Google Launch Event   via  Digg
Why Google Pixel might be the ultimate camera 
Here's a list of the 10 most valuable US stocks right now. And the top 5 are ALL in tech: 
 AMZN  FB  Apple  Google
A 20% Gain In 10 Days — Now Let’s Make Another 30%  TWTR  Google  CRM  GOOG  MSFT  LNKD  DIS… 
First Click: Ok Google, why is iCloud storage so expensive?: I’m feeling like a chump after yesterday’s Googl... 
 Google  Alphabet Pixel vs  Apple  Apple iPhone 7 Plus - 
Facebook Inc’s Days as a Blue-Chip Stock Are Numbered  FB  BRK.A  EBoeingY  LNKD  MSFT  Google… 
Wall Street Breakfast: Currency Swings Keep Traders Busy -  SPY,  QQQ,  TWTR,  WFC,  YHOO,  Google  business  markets
STOCKS FALL, GOLD GETS CRUSHED: Here's what you need to know ( GLD,  SPY,  SPX,  DJI,  IXIC,  TLT,  TLO,  Google)
. CNBCi interview with  GVAResearch: Google still all about the data via  bigdata  Google
 twtr is trying to surpass  24.5 in pre-market now. Showtime, Exciting. Finally, Time is up.  CRM,  Google
I got my hands on Google's Pixel phone, and it was legit: Google (GOOG, Google) has always been a bit of a bac... 
The Psychology of Stagnant Wages:
 TWTR up 3.5%  premarket after WSJ reports that bids for company may come in this week. Sale announcement before earnings?  Google  DIS  CRM
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions  rmbyrne,  ded318,  WeAreEdCats,  team512 
 Ruanecunniff largest sales of  Q22016,  Alphabet Inc. Class A  Google 
 GOOG  Google  Apple Hmm I guess google can make the next iPhone, might as well right? They are good at copying it. 
Alphabet (GOOG): Be Aware Of Tough Comps Ahead – Suntrust:
A whole slew of new tech that will absoluetly change the market. 
Should you buy ahead of earnings?  Google 
 Google  Alphabet inc. WSJ's Heard on the Street column  WSJheard is positive on  Google Home
 TWTR has to sell because  jack has one foot out the door: focusing on  SQ. 
Board has obligation to  twitter share… 
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions via  rmbyrne  
"Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions"  edtech  njed  MTPSPride
This Top Analyst Dives in on Facebook Inc (FB) and Alphabet Inc (Google) Amid Major Launch Events: Facebook la... 
"Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions"  
Benzinga: 7 Things We Learned About Google's  DaydreamView VR Headset  GOOG  Google 
Check it out! voice_number will create googl v o i c e at low prize for  5 on  Fiverr 
 FB  Google:
Walter Isaacson: The internet needs ‘rules of the road’:
7 Things We Learned About Google's  DaydreamView VR Headset  GOOG  Google 
Great setup today! Check out  Google on  setups  Christmas  setups
HTC's Relegation to Google Contractor Completes a Story of Demise: HTC has been selected to assemble Pixel phones, becoming for Googl...
Benzinga: 6 Reasons Google Should Be The Company To Buy Twitter  TWTR  GOOG  Google 
This Top Analyst Dives in on Facebook Inc (FB) and Alphabet Inc (Google) Amid Major Launch ...  Facebook  android  app go to smarturl.it…
Google might release a new  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions  teaching  edtech 
6 Reasons Google Should Be The Company To Buy Twitter  TWTR  GOOG  Google 
 YHOO  DIS  TWTR  AMZN  Google  Apple:
Welcome to Fully Charged:
Google Home: What it does and when you can get one: A house is not a home, clearly, without Googl...  tech  news
Good morning Team. Check your email. The weekly plays are up!  Apple  AMZN  FB  NFLX  TSLA  Google
Good morning Team. The Chart Porn is done for  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  FB  Google - 
Alphabet (GOOG): Show Me The Money – Macquarie:
TRUP Walt Disney Co. Stock Forum
 TRUP  Google  AGRO  stockmarket
Google Play is reportedly streaming Android game demos 
SEO Company Chennai: Google Apps Admins Can Set Default State For Googl... 
Make sure your site is keeping users on their preferred version of your website for their entire visit. (Googl  Wevmasters)
Cheap call option upside:  MON calls cheaper than 97% of history,  CSCO 97%,  Google 97%,  PCLN 97%,  DRI 97%,  FB 96%,  V 96%
 MU  Google  DIS  CRM  TWTR  AA:
S&P 500 Futures Hold Steady as Traders Weigh Fed Policy Comments:
Google Ambarella, Inc. Prev Close
 Google  ACIU  UUP  investing
 Apple  Google:
Google Has Its Own Phones. Now It Must Fix Its Retail Strategy:
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions  edtech  education  edchat
 CRM  Google:
Twitter (TWTR) Gains as Bidding Said to Start this Week:
‘ Android is not invincible’: What Google is risking by releasing its Pixel smartphone - CNBC.  MadeByGoogle  Google 
Alphabet Inc. (Google) Earns "Outperform" Rating from  RBCCapitalMarkets. Read more: 
The Options Playbook by Brian Overby:  VIX  AMZN  NFLX  Google  SPY  IWM
I bet you the average purchasing power of a  twtr MAU is much higger than a  fb MAU.  amzn  googl
 TeamFollowBack Google scraps 100,00-euro bill run up by Spanish kid: MADRID        (AP) -- Googl...  Autofollow
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions via  rmbyrne  edtech
 BioGraphica1  JeffBezos  BoeingBoeing has  WEIBO  SFTBY digestin  ARMH  MSFT same  LNKD.  CRM can't afford it. Not  Google style.  TCEHY  AMZN  DIS
This Top Analyst Dives in on Facebook Inc (FB) and Alphabet Inc (Google)  facebookmarketing 
Yet another reason to use Apple email - Yahoo Secretly Scanned Customer Emails for the FBI/NSA.  Appl  Googl 
 jimcramer Unlike its previous hardware ventures,  Google seems serious about promoting its new  Pixel phone. Check… 
Unlike its previous hardware ventures,  Google seems serious about promoting its new  Pixel phone. Check out… 
‘Android is not invincible’: What Google is risking by releasing its …:
[TECH] Everything Google Announced at its ‘Made by Google’ Event: A look at all the stuff Googl... via  techweez
Updated: Google Daydream VR price: how much does it cost? 
Google Daydream was announced all the way back at Googl… 
 WorldGoogleNews Google Pixel and Pixel XL Are Verizon Exclusive in the US: Googl.. 
Free Technology for Teachers: Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions   usd246
Google has killed the Nexus series, and I’m going to miss it via  thenextweb
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions  learning 
Google launch two new smartphone under Pixel brand -  
ISLAMABoeingD ( MEDIA REPORT )
Googl... 
Is Alphabet Inc. (Google) Stock Headed To New All-Time Highs? - Amigobulls: AmigobullsIs A... ...  börse  aktien
 Alphabet(PBR44)'s  Google unit introduces Pixel smartphones, Daydream VR, & Home AI speaker.  Google  ThePBR1000
When you dial somebody on a Googl. phone, is thero an "I'm Feeling L cky" button? That would be great for single people.
Twitter may receive bids this week: Report: By: IANS | New York | Published:October 5, 2016 12:54 pm As Googl... 
Editor's Pick: A beautiful starry night  in the Caribbean. Space by Perspektiva 360. 
Is  Alphabet  Stock Headed To New All-Time Highs?  Google  BIDU  YNDX  YHOO  MSFT  FB 
Very, very good news from  Google yesterday !!!
tonight on "hum until you pass out" I spend 5 minutes humming fur Elise to Siri and she still can't tell me what it's called. I had to googl
Why Is Google Inc. (Google) Planning To Acquire Twitter ? - Dazeinfo 
Interesting article on --> Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions
  edtech
Staff Software Engineer - iOS - Intuit - Mountain View, CA: Experience publishing to the Apple Store or Googl... 
A Google tool most people don't know about 'Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs & Track Interactions'… 
Nexus no more: Google says it's done with the product line: If you're holding out on the just-announced Googl... 
Googl ingredients  TCSITWiz
Googl 
The lowdown on the Google Cloud rebrand - Google has rebranded its cloud computing business as Googl... 
Google Serving AdWords Local 4-Packs in Mobile Search Results Googl...  edgar_sanchez
 Pakistan  News Pixel phones and smart machines: Google announcements: SAN FRANCISCO: US internet giant Googl... 
Google is about to have its biggest event ever, and some analysts think the stock is going to  1,000 
"Now that you mention it saw it on — Max 
The Google Cast app is getting a new name and purpose 
 Google has a very high Piotroski score of 8, fundamentals are still great and improving  stocks  investing
IDCC Chevron Corp. Quotes
 IDCC  Google  OAS  pennystocks
First look at Google Home, the Amazon Echo killer 
The first thing you notice about Googl… 
IMPV Canopy Growth Corp. EOD Data
 IMPV  DON  Google  nasdaq
i need a revit trainer by randicad: (Budget: ₹12500 - ₹37500 INR, Jobs: 3D Modelling, 3ds Max, AutoCAD, Googl... 
 Pixel ‘phone by  Google’ announced
 Google  mobile  smartphone  GooglePixel  pixelphone… 
 CRM acquires  Krux for  700M.  TWTR may now be out of the question. Look to  Google,  DIS, and  Apple to submit bids.  tech  stocks
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions: Goo.gl is Google's free URL shortening service. As ... 
Marsook_Khaleej: [ digitalmarketing  smm] Google Analytics Academy AdWords Certification Notes Pt 1  Read    Googl…
Google takes on the  Amazon Echo head on with Google Home. Read more:  AMZN
FB: This Top Analyst Dives in on Facebook Inc (FB) and Alphabet Inc (Google) Amid ... 
I got my hands on Google's Pixel phone, and it was legit - Google (GOOG, Google) has always been a bit of a back... 
Why access a ticker when you can access a group of tickers - US Tech Giants  Apple  Google  MSFT  FB  TWTR
"Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions"  education  feedly
 Google  MSFT  TWTR  FB  denied scanning incoming user emails on behalf of U.S. govT, following a report that  yhoo  had built such a system
Google's live demo shows w  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
Google Central Fund of Canada Ltd. Bid Size
 Google  GNRC  FNMA  pennystocks
Google's Pixel phone is legit: Google (GOOG, Google) has always been a bit of a backseat driver when it comes ... 
Support: hi. i was getting this error. Remove render-blocking JavaScript:  thewebfix  java
Companies That Tried to Cheat Google and Lost  Infographics  companies  tricking  google  Digital  Marketing  Googl
Google Assistant Takes Centre Stage at Made by Google Event: The idea behind Assistant is that Googl...  gadgets
 FB  AMZN  Google  Apple  TSLA  RL:
Prada, Ralph Lauren Lose Ground in Brand Ranking as Tech Rules:
 JustinPulitzer  diggydoy Google SP was up about  2 during first 10-15 minutes of presentation. Then it steadily dropped.
 JustinPulitzer  diggydoy I watched he presentation live & simultaneous watched the quotes for Google, AMZN & Apple.
 Google  stocks  stockmarket  investing  tech  telecom 
 NASDAQ_Google What Marketers Think Of Google's Shiny New Hardware: Marketers are intrigued by Google's new… 
Google Releases its Own Smart Home Device to Chase Amazon  Google 
 Forbes What Marketers Think Of Google's Shiny New Hardware: Marketers are intrigued by Googl...  TeamFollowBack
Google Jumps Further Into Hardware With New Wi-Fi System  Google 
Google released a VR headset that is made of soft microfibers and foam, featuring content partnerships.  money
Hey guys have you heard of somthing called googl or somthing? 
Google's Progressive Web Apps are blurring the lines between apps and the mobile web (GOOG, Google) | 
WSJ: Twitter to field bids this week, likely from CRM, GOOG, DIS  GOOG,  Google,  CRM,  TWTR,  DIS
Sacca said he doesn't see an acquirer paying more than the current stock price.  TWTR  technology  CRM  Google  DIS
BIIB Enbridge Income Fund Holdings Inc. Last Price
 BIIB  Google  IBB  stocks
＠062 Nexus 6 Organic Leather Sleeve/Case | MULTIPLE CHOICE |  Nexus6  Nexus6Sleeve  Nexus6Cover  Nexus6Case  Googl…
Now that I've put a quarantine on  Google, I just want it more. (Typical male behavior)
But I don't think they buy  TWTR... & that's worth 2%
Free Technology for Teachers: Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Intera...  edtech
THE DISRUPTION OF MOBILE V  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
christopher power: TWITTER fields bids this week from  Google  DIS  CRM… I will bid  497 dollars…… 
 Google  GOOG  PYPL  SQ:
Apps Like Venmo to Come Under Stricter Government Oversight:
Alphabet Stock Flat After Google Hardware Launch Has Few Surprises  GOOG  Google 
wanna trade  anonymous  stocks with  bitcoin ? try they rock!  nintendo  apple  google  OIl  Google
No Need To Ask Jeeves When U Can Ask Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Google  Apple  AMZN  FB  Google 
Commented on StockTwits:  Google has a much bigger market cap than  CRM... 
 jack  adambain  anthonynoto  twitter  twtr  fb  googl  aapl  Apple 
 32  35 then  42
Any alternative to google keyword planner: Hello guys, since the new update for googl... 
 Google blademan:  HIPH .0018-19 looking good on the bottom here! THINNN!! 
Amigobulls: Buy Alphabet Inc Stock (Google) If Google Buys Twitter Inc (TWTR) 
TWITTER fields bids this week from  Google  DIS  CRM... I will bid  497 dollars for Twitter.  jack, what do you say? All cash  497.  TWTR
I just learned on Benioff's Wikipedia where he went to college and what his Bday is. Naturally he will challenge  Googl. Lol
Google still isn't a hardware company, and it's not even playing on the same field as Apple (GOOG, Google) 
Google is about to have its biggest event ever and some analysts think the stock is going to  1,000 - Business... 
"Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions"  edtech 
We might see  TWTR share price up to 600-day MA  31.46 area even before  Google  DIS  MSFT  Apple  FB  AMZN officiall… 
 TWTR Wow, Salesforce is coming out of left field. I don't think it's the right match, but it's gonna make Google pay more. 
 CRM  Google
Android Reddit doesn't seem to like the price of the Pixel.  googl
Google has been unleashed.  trading  Stocks
"Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions"  education  feedly 
Twitter Seen Fielding Bids From Salesforce, Others This Week  TWTR  CRM  DIS  Google  GOOG 
Google is about to have it  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
Certainly Google is a call for the next few  trading
There's one big problem with Google Assistant: Saying 'OK Google' is super creepy (GOOG, Google) via  NewsRepublic
Artificial Intelligence at Center of Google Product Launch - Artificial intelligence took center stage at Googl... 
Google couldn't stop copying Apple, Amazon, and Facebook even if it wanted to😜 
Google confirms no plans for future Nexus devices: This probably shouldn't come as a surprise after the Googl... 
Google is about to have its biggest event ever and some analysts think the stock is going to  1,000
Read more at... 
Everything Google Announced at Its Jam-Packed Event: Artificial intelligence took center stage at a Googl...  ai
 TWTR looking for bids this week.
 CRM  Google  DIS all in the rumor mill. 
WSJ: Twitter to field bids this week, likely from CRM, GOOG, DIS  GOOG  Google  CRM  TWTR  DIS 
Yooooooooooooo one of those googl searches should be max b petition 
Alphabet Inc’s Pixel Is Going Straight for Apple’s Dome  Google  GOOG  Apple  SSNLF  QCOM  FB… 
Google unveils Pixel phones, Daydream View headsets, Google Wifi, Chromec...  Apple  SSNLF  AMZN  GOOG  Google 
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions  edtech
 jimcramer  TheStreet  Google. Play is the OS. Hardware competition a beneficial externality, +too volatile. OS/data derivation key elements.
 CNBC  TWTR may help w/sports at  DIS.  Google,  FB make sense. I think big media i.e.  DIS,  TWX will be more active bidders than expected
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions  edtech  gafechat  rmbyrne  
If  google buys  twitter, I expect this stat to break down by age, location and mother's maiden name. 
 TWTR 
We calculated 21-day Expected Return of  Google for you: 1.41% 
Gain from movement in these buzzing assets  Blockchain  Google  Nikkei  SPY  TWTR 
Mobile>Google Chromecast Ultra Specifications> The original Googl..  mobile 
googl
mrholkup: Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions  edtech
Google Pixel Event: What’s Hot and What’s not: Learn more about what was hot and what was not about the Googl... 
Will TWTR remain independent or be bought by CRM, Google, FB, MSFT, DIS? If an acquisition, will it happen in 2016? 
Following Yahoo report, Microsoft, Google deny scanning mail  YHOO  MSFT  GOOG  Google 
Where will  twitter get bought when bids begin from  google  salesforce  disney  twtr  dis  crm  googl 
Vote w your brain not your position
Googl  and the smaller search engines put extra importance on the w.rds in your H1 text. (HubSpot)
 SPY FIVE MINUTE TRADES ARE WORKING -
 SPY  IWM  QQQ  DIA  UVXY  VXX  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  PCLN  study
Top story: Free Technology for Teachers: Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and … see more 
Get the feeling that  googl is going to segregate the Android ecosystem between the have  Google Assistant and have nots.
Google still isn't a hardware company, and it's not even playing on the same field as Appl...… 
ICYMI: OK Google – Fitter, Happier, More Productive ... read more ↓  
RiskReversal: ICYMI: OK Google – Fitter, Happier, More Productive ... read more ↓  
 wikileaks  cables PBS NewsHourWikiLeaks' Assange promises leaks on U.S. election, Googl...  cablegate  leakspin
Tickers trending on TWTR in last 1 hour  Blockchain  Google  Nikkei  SPY  TWTR 
TD.TO Yamana Gold Inc. Prev Close
 TD.TO  TTD  Google  stocks
WHR Deutsche X-trackers Harvest CSI 300 China A-Shares ETF Stock Forum
 WHR  Google  XLP  share
Hands on with Google Home: Your Google universe in a home-appliance wrapper: It’s impossible to discuss Googl... 
Google just unveiled new t  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
 DavidSeaburg according to  WSJ 
 crm  googl  dis are potential bidders for  twtr.
Who is the best fit ?
 takingstock614 My .02 I don't think  Google would like anyone else to have  TWTR given their recent integrations.
Track trending assets in 1 watchlist  Blockchain  Google  Nikkei  SPY  TWTR 
I got my hands on Google's Pixel phone, and it was legit: Google (GOOG, Google) has always been a ...  tech  news
Google Swipes Amazon VP to Run Smartphone Division: Alphabet Inc (GOOG)  amazon 
 RiskReversal what if googl passes on this deal but out of nowhere FB jumps in and outbids CRM, who loses? Googl and its future add  ?
 Google calling  AMZN  alexa out in the presentation NO SKILLS ENABLING REQUIRED  stocko 
"Google still isn't a hardware company, and it's not even playing on the same field as Apple (GOOG, Google)"  
 JustinPulitzer  CNBC Google, Google, or Google. Nyet MSFT, CRM, DIS, or other short sighted bidders.
"Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions"  tech  feedly 
 TWTR Is Expected to Field Bids This Week  CRM  DIS  Google  WSJ  FCF  MKTCAP  davidfaber  jimcramer… 
 Twitter: Perfect 4  Disney  google  salesforce  microsoft  twtr  dis  goog  googl  crm  4IR  artificialintelligence 
There's one big problem with Google Assistant: Saying 'OK Google' is super creepy (GOOG, Google) 
Re:  TWTR buyout/bids.  Heavy hitters like  CRM  Google  DIS after this  past quarter can see the massive potential here.   TWTR making +++
 NASDAQ_AMZN  NASDAQ_GOOG  NASDAQ_Google Google Home Vs. Amazon Echo: Everything You Need To Know: Here's how… 
 NASDAQ_Google  NASDAQ_Apple Google's New Pixel Phone Is Perfect For People Abandoning iPhone, Headphone Jack And All 
 smartertrader same people think that  Apple and  Google maps are always right. Learn to read a friggen map !
Google still isn't a hardw  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
Google and HTC have unveiled new app stores (GOOG, Google)  Google  HTC  Apps  Mobile 
< Sign up for Tim Sykes trading lessons if you want to become a millionaire trader!  DIS  Google  EPAM  NVO
Google’s new smartphones are about Google, not Android  ai 
Report: Twitter Likely To Receive Bids This Week via  forbes  DIS  CRM  TWTR  GOOG  Google
BMY Baozun Inc. Day Low
 BMY  CGC.TO  Google  investing
How one ex-Googler convinc  hosting  IndependenceDay  AmericaWasNeverGreat  GodBlessAmerica  mondaymotivation UKIP
BREAKING NEWS: WSJ:  Twitter To Field Bids This Week, Likely From  CRM,  GOOG,  DIS --  GOOG  Google  CRM  TWTR
 CraigScott31 Who do you think will win the bid?  CRM?  DIS?  Google?
Benzinga: 7 Things We Learned About Google's Daydream View VR Headset  GOOG  Google 
 CVS  AMZN  Google  INTU  WDAY  YHOO  PFPT  LOCK  CVI:
Cramer Remix: This CEO is like a fine wine:
Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions - Goo.gl is Google's free URL shortening service. As I... 
 crm bid will drag  googl into the game cuz it would lose the advantages they are taking from  twtr if they didn't.  35 per share eventually
I got my hands on Google's Pixel phone, and it was legit
Google (GOOG, Google) has always been a bit of a backseat driver when it comes to …
Everything Google announced at today's Pixel hardware event 
Google (GOOG, Google) has always been a bit of a... 
Google Unveils its Pixel Smartphone –  Google  
7 Things We Learned About Google's Daydream View VR Headset  GOOG  Google 
 Google  GOOG Adding fast charging that gets you up to 7 hours of power in 15 minutes of charging.  GooglePixel
I got my hands on Google's Pixel phone, and it was legit: Google (GOOG, Google) has al... 
 Google  GOOG  smartertrader 
 govtrade lots of analysts are really stupid, don't do research they guess.  This idiot on Googl last week wrong for 475 pts says new thesis
Here's What You Missed From Google's Pixel Phone Event
 GOOG  Google 
 Google  GOOG 
75% kf the Fortune1rp are now on Googl.+. (source: BrightEdge)
An Analyst Gives Six Reasons Why  Google Should Buy  TWTR...  
EMSD Tech for Teachers Tips: Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions 
 smartertrader Oh Sam by any chance you got into Google puts ?
 smartertrader AMZN is a pure bubble. Time will tell. Google gonna sky rocket tomorrow. I remember my word again 😊
Jeffrey W. Ross, MD:  stocks: Twitter to field bids this week, likely…… 
 ItzPrav  technology Amzn up 160 Goog up 40 since Googl cloud. Lol. Googl phone worthless. Googl home is like Msft zone after  iPod late
 DIS,  Google,  MSFT, CRM … Somebody needs to save  TWTR from itself. It’s ¼ perfect and ¾ promise… 
 ItzPrav  technology lol analysts. Really. 99% don't have a clue.  How about those 20 analysts that said Googl cloud better than Amzn
 AMZN Picking Stocks: What  stocks should I buy?  stockmarket  investing  GOOG  Google  NFLX  SPY  QQQ  FB  BoeingBoeing  CMG
 Google Google’s new Pixel has a huge advantage over other Android phones via  YahooFinance
 Google  Google’s new Pixel has a huge advantage over other Android phones  GOOG  Apple  Apple  finance  SPY  QQQ  DIA
Google is going to win the next major battle in computing 
First pitch of first inning as… 
 smartertrader oh really ? Why do you think so when analysts were saying Google on top edge with new products ? 
. NaviAvatar1 on  Periscope: StockMarketNews  TWTR Buyout?  Google  Apple  CRM  DIS 
 TWTR Twitter "fielding bids" this week.... Are they actually going to sell?!?  CRM  Google
 edtech Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions 
 Interesting4EdTech Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions 
Google still isn't a hardware company, and it's not even playing on the same field as Apple (GOOG, Google..  tech 
Update  edtech Goo.gl - Save Time, Shorten URLs, and Track Interactions 
googl sex 
 TWTR  CRM  MSFT  LNKD  Google  DIS:
Salesforce, others expected to submit bids for Twitter this week: WSJ:
Google Gets Serious About Home Automation: Unveils Google Home, Actions on Google and Googl
