Eddy Cue says Planet of the Apps will premiere this spring & be ad-free, watch the first clip now – 9to5Mac 
 Myloc Researchers critique security in  in  (Automatically sent using IFTTT)
Fentanyl Crisis: DEA Issues Guideline for First Responders Dealing With Deadly Drug - NBC News 
 lenoretaylor: Google and Facebook are publishers but they call themselves tech companies  Progress2017
[WL] Dratini, IV:? CP:?, MV:?, ?, til 07:22:30pm (22m 35s)   29 Huntsmans Horn Cir 
 _jamiewilson Try these guys for more chances to win! 
 thecraigellison Y'all need a  Google  jamboard!
Aches N Pains Massage Therapy

106 Henderson Av, Riverview, NB E1B 3P3
(506) 871-4673 
[Vernon Hills] Snorlax 27% 1642cp, till 07:22:45pm. (22m 56s remaining) (Zen Headbutt/Hyper Beam, 2/7/3) 
Natural Health Clinic Receptionist 
 CADebMs  GovernorBullock  DemGovs Vote was straight down party lines. Try google before making false accusations.
11 Health Benefits and Uses for the Herb Plantain 
Here are some positives from SNS I thought about and wrote down.

2017 Beatrice K-8 Youth Soccer Camp Registration 
➞桜(sakura) -UNIVERSE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  музыка  Япония  ИНФОРМАЦИЯ
Be on alert disruption happens in all industries. Keep learning!!!

 Comey set to testify at 10am Thursday. 
 cesaroswingking Ees only joke.
Quick google search and only pizza-gate pops up
Twist Magazine Summer Edition is here and I’m excited to be featured. I’ve been holding out on you guys and some… 
[Lincolnshire] Dratini 62% 410cp, till 07:29:02pm. (29m 22s remaining) (Iron Tail/Aqua Tail, 0/15/13) 
This should work: 
Responding to MVA near Stanislaus St & Hwy-99 Nb in Fresno

Found this picture while looking for something on the google drive today.
This is one of the first pictures I took…… 
 HomeUserAtHome  mntc3232  Ruminations17  FoxNews 140 characters doesn't allow me to be more detailed in original post. Google it.
Oh. My. So excited that I may actually be able to splurge on this

The Urban Decay Naked Heat Palette Is Coming 
If you're saying something important but you can't ght you message across, it wilp be igdored. (Google Webmaste.s)
Google Now Mapping Air Quality, Starting With  Oakland via  nbcbayarea
Get Here! Snorlax ♂|(?%)|(?/?/?) CP=(?) unknown/unknown til:(08:13:38pm)|(13m 58s)  SavannahRares 
 lone_alien  ilikeyourtalkin  runninginterror  cheojackson  QueenP987  turtlesong17  becomingcliche  LucidlyLost… 
US Reportedly Suspects Russian Hackers Planted Fake News Contributing to Qatar Crisis 
 DinoStraciatela hope this link works
[Port Orange]Flareon ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (28m 29s) Until 08:28:08pm. 
Google is eyeing San Jose’s most prized real estate for future development, which could bring thousands of jobs... 
I play a good game! 
 mlearning - Mobile direct marketing planning toolkit - 27 planning & financial analysis tools.  Save 50%… 
[S] Dratini, IV:38 CP:291, MV:Dragon Breath, Wrap, til 07:18:32pm (18m 58s)   19823 Shores Edge Dr 
Snorlax ?%(?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (59m 9s) Until 08:58:49pm. 
Anthem Exits Ohio Obamacare Exchange, Raising Health Care Stakes - NBC News 
[Mundelein] Ivysaur, till 07:29:06pm. (29m 37s remaining) 
➞桜(sakura) -UNIVERSE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
 Google,  Apple,  Microsoft,  Amazon &  Facebook are the 5 most valuable global brands... brands
KTL (KNOW THE LEDGE) APP NOW AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOAD IN iTUNES GoogleE PLAY STORE 
 AlienDenzil85 Vindaloo?  Google here I come
Narrator: It was, in fact, Google's Material Design 
 craig_s_bell Check your mailbox. Also google Paula Deen hot water cornbread. That shit is as good as currency.
 C_Cov  DawsonRule It's google it's a new thing you can use it 24/7. 
Dragonair available until 08:28:34pm (29m 17s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
Fact:  comicrick will take as many pics you want if you buy his merch. Watch his new special, or google it!
KU Leuven Researchers Use 3D Printing to Develop Hybrid CargoCopter Drones 
Getting lost on the jungle of  jobsearch? Happy  job hunting with our new  android  app 
Westminster News - Letter: Lack of diverse viewpoints on board 
Westminster News - Opening your big social media mouth 
Westminster News - Heartfelt congratulations to all graduates 
Opencreators introduces continuous BS210 3D printer with automatic build plate changing 
Inside AdWords: Google Ads, Analytics and DoubleClick Announcements Keynote 
I asked  WaterfrontTO about Quayside development & whether  Google put in a bid for it. Got a no comment but decision expected soon  TOpoli
 cxllumshaw I am only as good as the resources I have... I mean, I can take to YouTube and Google if you need me too 😘
Westminster News - Letter: Disrespecting the flag 
Westminster News - Letter: I love puzzles 
Off to do something else ugh like dishes or laundry or cooking! Some of you will understand this Calgon Take Me Away! you don't Google It
 RussianFSB says No Threat Of  Terrorism In Russia Ahead Of  ConfederationsCup – knock on wood. 
Comey Told Sessions: Don’t Leave Me Alone With Trump - 
 FreeBesieged  snakespan  brianhallx  OwenJones84  LibDems  random What can I say, unless someone wants to google t… 
Google to teach school kids about online safety, etiquette 
Google Pixel XL International Giveaway  androidauth  giveaway 
Comey expected to refute Trump - CNN 
Hey  Pensacola ,REGISTRATION IS OPEN! Expectant mothers register today! Spots are limited.  EmpowerBW  BeyBShower 

[S] Machoke, IV:78 CP:467, MV:Karate Chop, Submission, til 07:24:15pm (25m 4s)   unkn Vintage Preserve Pkwy 
DOOGEE MIX Available To Pre-Order, Limited Time  169.99 Price  Android  Google  news 
Mareep available until 08:58:40pm (59m 33s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
Trump's “War on Leakers” Isn't Really About Leakers - Slate Magazine 
 BeaconTechnologies Don't Forget about Google Analytics when Redesigning Your Website. Read Blog: 
Know your kaizen ground rules.  purchasing 
Google Photos Android App Surpasses One Billion Downloads  Android  Google  news 
The head of the EPA was asked 10 times whether Trump believes in climate change. He didn't answer. - CNN… 
The former Google lawyer with a reputation for fighting 'patent trolls' resigned as head of US Patent office - Bus… 
This Planet Is Hotter Than Most Stars, But It Won't Live Long  astronomy 
I liked a  YouTube video Sheldon On Teaching Women, And then uses Google
Internet games, challenges and puzzles are helping kids avoid online predators, and it's all part of Google's new…… 
KLM becomes world's first airline to send flight info via Twitter 
Dish Network in Bloomington Indiana: Dish…  three_stooges 
Traffic Obstruction at 3210 MADISON PIKE Covington 
How the Apple HomePod Compares to the Amazon Echo and Google Home - Money Magazine 
Google Customer Match: 11 Strategies for generating more conversions 
Such an awesome song...
🎶Sharing My Mood 🎶 😏  therevivalists   

Wish I Knew You 
Pressure - Loves Is The Better Way On | Droid:| iOS:
▶Very very Berry -ShootingStar- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
 JenNole94  IFCPastorRoger  HandelTeam What a joke. I'm so sick of his ridiculous overkill of commercials I want to… 
 ediz10combr Google twitter analytics yaz
 davetrav I would be forever grateful if you could share ! This should work 
[INVITATION ONLY LIVE GoogleE HANGOUTS ~ Featuring Larry Wheelz and His 5 Partners]
If You are a Business Owner... 
 NowPlaying on AOR Then and Now: Charlie - Make It Real 
- Radio survey here : 
 ChapinJames2  RealAlexJones I think that's a creampie, but you'll want to google that to confirm. 🍦🥧
"Commerce based searches are starting on Amazon. They are starting to take revenue off of Google’s plate". 
29 Extensions and Tools to Supercharge Your Google  Calendar via  HubWorksApp 
 podcastroyale Google
 stapf  ArjunaCapital Just fire them if they don't like there contact
If they were hourly workers pay would be
Same… 
Adam Pally still talks to his Happy Endings costars every day 
Hindustan Times app download 
  CT17  FrenchOpen2017 
 ericarhodes google it lol
What The Tech? Google Streeview 10th birthday - | Chattanooga News, Weather & Sports - WRCB… 
Apple and Google's CATCH 22 - you'll want to know this. 
Google launches Interland online game to teach kids how to be ‘internet awesome’  VentureBeat  technology  education
A look at  Communist  Russia 
Check out new game - Guess the teen wolf! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
 omenrust  It takes as much effort to Google than it does to open twitter...thus its not restrictive.
 ExMuslimTV Note again: the above article is shadow-banned by Google (is  1 search result on DDB).
Details about  Dell 4-Core Tower Server PowerEdge T310 Xeon X3450 2.66GHz 24GB RAM with caddies 
I have just created a standout resume in mins with Resume Creator. Many free templates available try it yourself.… 
Google in talks to build vast office in San Jose 
‘President Pence’ is sounding better and better Facebook Google+ 
Details about  Dell PowerEdge R410 2 x Four Core E5520 2.26Ghz 32GB RAM 3 x 146GB HDD Server 
➙Very very Berry -ShootingStar- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
Details about  Dell PowerEdge 2950 Server III 2x 2.83GHz E5440 Quad Core 16GB PC2-5300F DDR2 
Jeff Sessions Reportedly Offered to Resign After Things Got Tense Between Him and Trump 
NY Poverty Update: NYC subway riders stuck for an hour without lights or air conditioning 
 Google  Planet is 'hotter than most stars' - BBC News 
➝Very very Berry -ShootingStar- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
LattePanda + Blynk = IoT Fun!: IoT stands for "Internet of things", which refers to the inter-networking of…... 
Thank you Google haha!  DUALIPA 
 writingchat A3. Users. Every time.

If users are pleased and they're coming back to you, Google/search engine will… 
* Southwest * D Day * George Clooney * Pokemon * Notre Dame * Colleen Campbell * memes * Paris * Roger Smith *…
[unknown] 62% (6/13/9) Dratini ♂ (Lvl: 8, CP: 173, Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) 'til 08:27:48pm (29m 16s). 
Google
 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  Easy Lady  Spagna  APPS Apple Google 
Mood Lamp Based on Twitter Hashtags: I decided that i want to make a Mood Lamp based on twitter hashtags, i`ve…... 
☵Very very Berry -ShootingStar- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
Cool Apps for Communication 
LattePanda + Blynk = IoT Fun!: IoT stands for "Internet of things", which refers to the inter-networking of… 
Check out new game - Adivinhe o Youtuber! It’s created in  free game builder  quickappninja 
[Libertyville] Dratini 64% 558cp, till 07:25:13pm. (26m 48s remaining) (Dragon Breath/Twister, 9/10/10) 
Ladies & Gentlemen. I give you   UKLabour. Enemies of the state. 
 via 
Robot priest unveiled in Germany to mark 500 years since Reformation ... called Bless U2 
 HonneyPlays 2/2 Don't know the exact specs, but what I heard is that it is to outperform the current Samsung/Apple/Google phones...
Great tour Channel 12 post show Thanks, Lisa and Austin. So fun seeing Mark Curtis and Jeanine Ford   MorrisonVein 
GameGaz Daily 2017.6.7【 大人のためのゲーム講座〜まもすけblog】

Samsung makes the cheap Galaxy J5 and J7 official     - CNET 
How to Make an Inside Out Cheeseburger: Cheeseburgers are a classic comfort food for good reason -- they're…... 
Mood Lamp Based on Twitter Hashtags: I decided that i want to make a Mood Lamp based on twitter hashtags, i`ve… 
Nuclear waste site near Huron spells disaster for Great Lakes | 
 JulieBanderas Ya look like this today Julie ? 😐  - who linked me & you on google search images ? - Oh there's cavf… 
 bhartzer Biased but:


Interactive IOT Stuffed Animal: For my first project with Particles's Spark Core, I decided to make an…... 
How to Make an Inside Out Cheeseburger: Cheeseburgers are a classic comfort food for good reason -- they're… 
3 challenges Tesla faces as shareholders meet  Facebook  android  app go to 
Tellas in Agliana, Italy  ArtTuesday: Beautiful new work from Italian artist Tellas up in Agliana, via…... 
Google Gmail v7.5.21.158049789.release : 
➟MASAKI YODA -99th base- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
Interactive IOT Stuffed Animal: For my first project with Particles's Spark Core, I decided to make an… 
New post: "Bitcoin Mining Companies Lose Judgment To SEC" 
Psalms 91:9 Because thou hast made the LORD, which is my refuge, even the most High, thy habitation;

New post: "Bitcoin Leads the Charge as Top 10 Cryptos Make Gains" 
Supervisor Of Elections Says Duval Votes Not Affected By Russian Cyber Attack - WJCT NEWS  G
7 Ways to Boost Your Retail Innovation [Tip Sheet] 
I just received a reward: Famous Island!  Android  Androidgames  Gameinsight
 growmilkweed  plantsmap Crap. Google just started a profile. I can't switch. Gotta support our customers!!  
Black Lemonade: Black lemonade is a refreshing drink that gets its black color from activated charcoal.... 
Tellas in Agliana, Italy  ArtTuesday: Beautiful new work from Italian artist Tellas up in Agliana, via… 
♫MASAKI YODA -99th base- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
 22albasonja google translate :D
Bringing Fun & Whimsey Into Your Home with ‘Woorld’, Winner of Google Play’s ‘Best AR Experience’… 
Reality Winner's Facebook page fills with rage  Facebook  android  app go to 
North America Aesthetic Services Market Analysis by Segments, Size and Forecast 2016 - 2024 
Weird question... Weird question... today, 08:48. We went on a snorkeling excursion where they picked us up at the…
Has Facebook Reversed its 'Nipple Ban'?  Facebook  android  app go to 
7 Offbeat Ninja Games for the Casual Warrior: Everyone wants to live the life of a ninja at one time or another.…... 
 Google when are you going to make  GoogleAllo available for web chat like  GoogleHangouts is?
Despite Google's best attempts I have made it to Ottawa.
 cybersecurity Gulf nations are urged to be on cyber threats vigil as IoT gains strong footing  infosec
RN for Cosmetic Surgery Center 
[Brackenridge Pointe] 44% (5/9/6) Dratini ♀ (Lvl: 2, CP: 32, Iron Tail/Twister) 'til 08:57:26pm (59m 17s). 
Black Lemonade: Black lemonade is a refreshing drink that gets its black color from activated charcoal. Activated… 
Cross dressing not passable - t4m 
Ursaring around CCU: 08:57:56pm (59m 46s). 
Sly Terminator Laura Tait of Sydney Australia has a Daemon Program running inside it 
Sears is closing 66 more stores - USA TODAY 
Ubuntu Works With GNOME To Improve HiDPI Support On Linux Desktop  linux 
♨MASAKI YODA -99th base- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
Senior Linux Systems Engineer (Contract)  linux 
Google Indonesia Expects Online Sales to  trafficgeneration  onlinetraffic  listbuilding 
Google finally fixed a terrible bug that was causing the Pixel to freeze 
7 Offbeat Ninja Games for the Casual Warrior: Everyone wants to live the life of a ninja at one time or another.… 
Finding it odd that it's easier to Google an answer to figure out how to do something in Salesforce than to look in their own Help/FAQs.
Videos from  PyCon2017: After getting back from PyCon I’ve gone heads down back into CircuitPython development.…... 
Amazon, Mozilla and others join net neutrality protest - iTnews  Google  News  Tech
Posting the links to our music! Make sure to go snag a copy!  GooglePlay 
Google Targets Nvidia With Learning-Capable Cloud TPU - ExtremeTech via  ExtremeTech
[Brigantine] A wild Arcanine appeared! Expires at 8:26 pm. 
10 Great Tool Restoration Projects: From reviving roadside chairs to flea market tools to a 1940s vintage lathe,…... 
Look, I got a Sunfish Meat!
( ・ω・ )
⊃(::::)=3⊂

+ Egg

= …!?

 HuntCookGame 
BOT0855]BBC LIVE NEWS AP*TALK CHAT AP*
 4Maal9 I think she ovulating 😩🤷🏾‍♀️ that's what came up on google
How Narcissistic Sociopath Laura Tait of Sydney Australia, operates 
Videos from  PyCon2017: After getting back from PyCon I’ve gone heads down back into CircuitPython development.… 
[Westwood] 49% (5/2/15) Venusaur ♀ (Lvl: 5, CP: 319, Vine Whip/Petal Blizzard) 'til 08:26:07pm (28m 7s). 
google-streetview 1.0.0: A command line tool and module for Google Street View Image API. 
TIL: Dogs at  Google  are called  Dooglers! ❤️🐶
Hackaday Prize Entry: The FP&GA Commodore 
If you haven't already, apply to get a  RevoltHU mentor. Don't say we didn't tell you so! 🗣🔑 
10 Great Tool Restoration Projects: From reviving roadside chairs to flea market tools to a 1940s vintage lathe,… 
Lindsey Graham to Trump: Every Time You Tweet, It Hurts the People ‘Trying to Help You’ 
 Philatticus No law firm will take him 
➜MASAKI YODA -99th base- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
[unknown] 62% (13/0/15) Dragonair ♂ (Lvl: 18, CP: 777, Dragon Breath/Dragon Pulse) 'til 08:26:56pm (29m 2s). 
Looks like I'm taking a trip to Google again 
The Mask of Sanity vs The Disturbing Reality: Laura Tait of Sydney Australia 
 oleivarrudi Google ASS? Autism Spectrum Disorder. Don't Google ASS. Unless you want ass.
 IndieWriterSupp Thx 4 follow  jaberl17. My  ebook The Dog Who Ate the Airplane is only  3.99   
These 17 Unusual Words Will Inspire You To  Travel More: google_ad_client = "ca-pub… 
 Free Printable Road Traffic Clip Counting Cards 1-12: google_ad_client = "ca-pub… 
Snorlax has spawned until: 08:55:40pm (57m 49s). 
➛MASAKI YODA -99th base- on  Google play music  Song  tune  musica  Giappone  informazioni
This may become something big 
 RandPaul on  Unmaskings: 'We Can't Live in Fear of Our Own  IntelligenceCommunity' - BS, they are routinely done. 
Google, Boingo, Microsoft and more urge quick FCC action on 3.5 GHz CBRS band  CBRS  FCC 
ISJSIDIDIDIDIDIDI 
How to react Google search
 DiamondEdgeNoBrasil 
Today... Is a good day for  Microsoft Face Swap. 
 turnVAblue2017 This is the guy put forward by the Tea Party... He has their full support. Just gross incompetence!… 
[Deerfield] Dratini 31% 116cp, till 07:25:55pm. (28m 15s remaining) (Iron Tail/Twister, 2/11/1) 
 bbewithu [INA GO] 2017 JK 1st Special Birthday Project⚡️꾸꾸츄⚡️by  bbewithu 

Dari 370.000/BLM EMS
Preorder: 22 Juni… 
It always boggles my mind how  google.com official mails can end up in the spam list. Strange
 omenrust  And access to his tweets are widely reported and easily accessed..its a very large leap to say a Google search equals "hoops".
Google is engaging with startups in India also working with High-growth ventures as part of a global program.
 isthatnoe Pretty much said he's one of his fave producers as if that means he can get away with anything. 
A new iOS 11 trick will make joining a Wi-Fi network easier than ever 
 ptheprokaryote *has to Google who Ronan Lynch is*

*hides*
Google: The one social media thing that hasn't got changing your profile pic straight
The Secret Ingredient of This Pizza is Medical Marijuana  MedicalDagga
Want to be more involved with the community? Join us on TeamSpeak3! TS3 IP: How to join TS3: 
 HouseofCards  SergioBerniArg Thanks google translator !!
Greene County reacts to Yellow Springs plan for medical marijuana plant  MedicalDagga
me on weekends
Survey: Oak Harbor has medical marijuana supporters  MedicalDagga
 sailtothemoon_ I just got done with a google hangout hes at Mt. Fuji rn! so awesome
SaaS start-up Freshdesk rebranding itself as Freshworks  SAAS
Google search 
For the amount of compliments I read about Google Quick Draw- I was surprised with how often the AI was wrong. Fun… 
Smokin' Q's BBQ and Beer House opens in former Fisher's Tavern location 
Google unveils design for  1.73 billion ‘landscraper’ London office with rooftop garden via  Domaincomau
Yakima increases brewery numbers by over 70%, capitalizing on unique beer experience 
And false. Where is Qatar? Don't google. 
This brew's for you: Snowmass Craft Beer Festival returns Saturday 
Ok let's make this clear. You have to tip to iwantclips or google wallet nawtychelsea gmail.com to get Skypes with me. Otherwise go away
Molson Coors and Heineken Sign Import Agreement for Sol Beer 
Calling All Wing and Beer Lovers: Verizon Arena Presents "Wingstock" 
Jessica Mack Thanks for the follow! Keep track of us on Facebook here  UKSEO
 thedoggeneral1 This is awesome...when was this...I can Google it though if your busy. Almost as good as this one 
Promote  Website - -  Google+ Likes  Search  Engine Submission Press Release -  Promote 
US patent office chief Michelle Lee steps down - CNET 
Is 'Google It' Enough To Drive Alphabet Revenue Growth? - Seeking Alpha 
 TheOnlyHarryW "Use Google to research them. There's demigod Thor, an Iron Man, Hulk, Captain America, Hawkeye and… 
 NP on Africa's  1 Rap & Grime - Only Radio |  eLDeetheDon ft.  DjDeeMoney - Respect me | app: 
JaamiParvez: Here's an updated Android version of  indiegink101puzzles demo  gamedev  mad… 
If Islam is a religion of peace, where are the peaceful verses? 
I honestly want a connecting flight to LA solely to have an excuse to see the Denver Airport in person. Google it i… 
Box-Office Showdown: Tom Cruise's 'The Mummy' to Get Lassoed by 'Wonder Woman': 
 CleverTP  ThatDudeMatic  TomiLahren Google exist yo
here we have Science Magazine, Harvard, National Geographic, S… 
Uber diversity chief says harassment report is ‘first step of many’ in fixing the company’s culture: 
Created with Photo Collage Maker

Making Your Workplace Safe for Grief 
. CRISPR CRISPR DNA Editing Can Cause Hundreds of Off-Target Mutations 
A Haiti reboot? Country welcomes Google, Facebook, Silicon Valley to… |  Follow  TwitJAKO
Scam of the day – June 7, 2017 – Google Chrome security update 
. CRISPR ​Two gene editing firms unveil cancer drug pacts as ASCO comes to a close 
Noam Chomsky | Talks at Google via  YouTube
. CRISPR Bay State Biotech Report: Crispr and Orgenesis 
Google Releases New Version of Spinnaker Cloud Code Update Platform  devnews
Improve local  SEO with Google my  business |  yoast 
City Council discusses housing and homelessness in Monday meeting 
ChrissySentMe Donations Pour Into Ottawa Homeless Charities 
Bikes for Cities program donates used bikes to the homeless 
Homelessness rises sharply in LA County 
Clicks per Share – G+ or Facebook – Are We Doing Facebook All Wrong? 
[Port St John]Mareep ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (59m 48s) Until 08:56:59pm. 
Former homeless man donates  10K to Ontario shelter that supported him 
 MoFoMediaNL I don't know what that  means but i'll google it
Check Water Flow Alarm - E020 - Navigation - Mcfarland Rd - 18:53 - 
Roy Larner is a bad bad bad man. If you dont know who that is please google. What a man!
 News "Moment London Bridge terrorist Khuram Butt shouted at Muslims branding them 'traitors and spies ..." 
 News "Muis urges Muslims to guard against radicalism" 
 News "Manchester attack: Fear 'stops Muslims reporting hate crime'" 
I had to download google maps because I get lost in his eyes, say hello to tWitch over there 😂! Only Ellen
 oumar_zbr  pagzer for my defense is google traduction qui m'a help
 News "Muslim 'Instant Divorce' Law Divides India" 
Google is Satanic and Luciferian 
Elevator Stuck - L090, E090, RE010 - Texas Childrens West Hosp Katy Fwy Ob - Greenhouse Exit - 18:54 - 
Remember those Google interview questions that hit the press a  few years ago?  Google  humor… 
Is 'Google It' Enough To Drive Alphabet Revenue Growth?  StockMarketInsights
Body language advice - Craigslist price dating - Vlookup excel 
Augmented Reality: How Apple Can Do Better Than Google 
Young men seek 'generic dad' on Craigslist for Father's Day barbecue 
 SurfFishing Gear up for some great saltwater fishing 
PTC Craigslist meeting leads to dirt bike theft, pursuit 
More than 23000 students graduate from Omani educational institutions 
'Stranger Things' Season 2 won't have a Barb resurrection, thank goodness 
[Wescott] 38% (10/3/4) Dratini ♂ (Lvl: 12, CP: 252, Iron Tail/Wrap) 'til 08:26:29pm (29m 25s). 
Love dating games - Craigslist dating service - Matchbook collecting 
In the antebellum American South--a black person's parent was just bought. 
Court to open case that could unseat Brazil's Temer 
Kushner brothers' Cadre start-up raises  65M in Series C financing  funding
Russian Digital Health Startup DOC+ Lands  5M for On-Demand Doctor Visits  funding
New Gmail Security Updates Block Phishing Emails, More  startups  entrepreneur 
Why the Google Search Network isn’t working for your B2B business 
[Heather Hills] A Wild Blastoise ♂ is available 'til 08:24:24pm (27m 23s). 
 dgold1054  realDonaldTrump  EricTrump  IvankaTrump Totes read this in Connery's voice. Would ❤ if this is a real quote...off to Google it.
Indian River approves <b>tourism</b> development budget for 2018 budget year: INDIAN RIVER… 
Central Division responding to '07 - Minor Accident' at S Cesar Chavez Blvd / E R L Thornton Ramp Eb | Beat 152 | |
 jinbrvan Google "How to be Kim"
google maps, always taking pictures
 ShadowhuntersChat 
 camping Peters Joins MDM Motorsports at Texas Entry List. Timothy Peters will compete with MDM Motorsports in... 
A wild Mareep has appeared! Available until 02:25:58 (29m 2s). 
Stayed up last night asking myself how Chuck derives from Charles. Thankfully I finally found a source.… 
TMW not even Google knows the calculation you need so you literally make shit up hoping it's close enough.  EngineeringProblems
 camping Cam Around Town: Camping out for IKEA grand opening Good Day Columbus feature reporter Cameron Fontana... 
Bullshit!!! Twitter users blocked by Trump cry foul, demand reinstatement     - CNET 
Box-Office Showdow 
[Hainesville] Ivysaur, till 07:22:13pm. (25m 23s remaining) 
[Gurnee] Snorlax 24% 850cp, till 07:26:06pm. (29m 17s remaining) (Lick/Hyper Beam, 0/0/11) 
Comparing Google adwords to Linkedin ads...Google had more leads, less revenue,  Linkedin is fewer leads, more revenue,, says Sean  virtru
Optimism for oil and gas sustainability despite cost reductions 
Plan to store nuclear waste near Great Lakes proves radioactive 
oil and gas 
Senior Purchaser – technical purchasing within Oil & Gas 
<b>Xbox</b> VR won't be showing up at this year's E3: In an interview with Polygon, however, Microsoft technical… 
Learn  conceptart &  illustration from a pro! Artillory Studios Art Instruction is now open for registration here:… 
 markvlewis  VaughnPalmer  keithbaldrey Hey Mark, is called the British parliamentary system. Google it.
"At 13, I learned what it meant to walk into a room and not care what everybody thinks of you." - Bozoma Saint John

Does Mike Pence Call Karen "Mother"? Their Marriage Has Strict Rules 
 PeriscopeHelp Twitter, Facebook and Google services are all blocked here in China. However, all of these apps coul… 
Heck yeah, I'm going to  Google Headquarters! So excited to be chosen to be part of  cagti17! 
US patent office chief Michelle Lee steps down via  CNET
 CarynWestSFA  KeithOlbermann To be clear, I wouldn't repost pics of the art in Tony Podesta's home. You can easily… 
No More Domestic Violence 30 Day “Peace In Conflicts” Challenge.
 SIGN UP  Website:… 
Dragonite (49%/3/12/7/CP 2666/Lvl 28) has appeared 1.7km (N) away, til 09:01:42 (5m 8s). 
Commentary: Why do companies need to seek consent when your data is available everywhere?  DataAnalytics
HSR tender briefing likely to attract global entities 
Be punctual, please, OCM tells national sports associations 
Predictive Analytics: The Crystal Ball of Business  DataAnalytics
MRCB tendering for RM6bil worth of construction jobs 
Everything Google is slow today, Analytics, Search console, Developers. Ugh  timeforcoffee
 AkaiRiot as a blue hair connoisseur, what do you think of this 8-bit Sailor Mercury? (Design taken from google) 
Part time job in <b>seremban</b>: Jobs in Seremban, Job Vacancies |… ❇  TaxiOutstation ❇
Daydream Labs Helps Developers Tackle VR's Locomotion Problem via  tomshardware
Check in 3pm Friday June 30th. Checkout 11am Sunday July 2nd.


 150 a day.… 
Downtown/Merrit: Togetic ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:20:44 (24m 18s) 
Tick Tock Tick Tock The  Digital  Advertising doomsday clock 
 GrizzlyIsaac Google translate will take them for me too
“Be Internet Awesome”: Helping kids make smart decisions online  google 
Spain's La Liga taps into Nigerian talent 
Tricked-Out Google Cars Are Tracking Air Pollution - Greentech Media  Cars  CarNews
Apple Homepod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: Which Is Best? Homepod vs Google Home vs Amazon Echo: which one is be…… 
 JZHoodie  CBSNews Except for Reality.  
State Troopers to the Rescue after Students Stranded on Field Trip  southjersey  news
Issa new yoonkook fic I'm starting of y'all wanna take a gander 

iOS 11 Said to Add FLAC Support, Bring More Controls for AirPods - NDTV 
Apple's new Appocalypse rings disturbingly true - More About Advertising | Insights into Advertising 
The clarity of your conte t m.tters almost as much as what you'rebactually saypng. (Google Webmasters)
Phanpy - till 08:24:10pm (27m 59s). Found at 112 Base Line Rd W (Southcrest) 
How the James Comey hearing is Washington's Super Bowl 
 cerrg1  JackPosobiec ah, see when you search for it...google doesn't bring it up. another censorship for something they deem "unimportant".
 Steelers Steelers linebacker James Harrison shares drug test photo  SteeltownUsa
Leaked NSA hacking exploit used in WannaCry ransomware is now powering Trojan malware
 امن_المعلومات

 Steelers ESPN's Merril Hoge excited about nephew transferring to BYU  SteeltownUsa
A branching Google Form really is a great way to create some differentiated reflection. Time lapse for making one. 
 Steelers Butch Jones explains why the Steelers were so impressed with former Tennessee DB Cam Sutton  SteeltownUsa
[Cocoa]Snorlax ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (29m 38s) Until 08:25:48pm. 
 Steelers Sutton's football IQ wows Steelers  SteeltownUsa
So, cool, let's have the companies making all the money polluting the world pay for it. Seems exactly right, yes? 
Wow. I just discovered that my photo research on building Angola railroads is now among the top three listed on google.
i saw the worst mchanzo fic with google translate japanese i wanna kms
 WisconsinBadgers Ex-Badger Gasser to hold camp in Clinton  SportsRoadhouse
 WisconsinBadgers Badgers football: Camp Randall 100 recognizes Katie Couric, Portage Plumber and…  SportsRoadhouse
America’s No. 1 song isn’t in English. That doesn’t happen often. 
Virtual world games for kids - Free online matching sites - Imatch dating 
Google: We Penalizes Egregious Link Manipulation; Otherwise Ignores The Link 
Think Again 
Praesenteert met horrormusical in Der Aa-Theater 
 RADIO  TOP40 Now Playing  The Cure  Lady Gaga  APPS Apple Google 
[Wildwood] A wild Houndoom appeared! Expires at 8:24 pm. 
Brenda white dispelled the anomaly! Ghostly Mirror! 
Apple announces HomePod speaker in bid to topple Google, Amazon 
This morning, we visited BoeingCON for breakfast after coming across it on Google Maps last night.… 
 curlyminter Hi Elena. Here's how you could save an image from Drive to your camera roll: 
 stephanieanne53  GrayConnolly  jkalbrechtsen Protip: if you google the headline of a paywalled article, the articl… 
[Tarneit] Chansey (F) (IV: 75% - CP: 700) until 10:25:11AM at 56 Edgevale Way 
will it? at twice the price? that seems entirely questionable. Add Google Home at the entry price - that is a lot t… 
No biggie I guess. Not in MSM. Right-winger stabs black guy to death. Killed homeless guy a few yr ago--no charges. 
 brennanations google it and then copy and paste from google
 RADIO  90s  juice Now Playing  Take A Bow  Madonna  APPS Apple Google 
Hahahahahhaha hey koreabooboo stop using google translate youre jut embarrassing yourself. Tragic just like your fa… 
 SPAYZH Google
Schweizer: Did Hillary Intimidate Bangladesh Gov't Over Clinton Fdn Donor? | Fox News Insider - 
 RADIO  70s  juice Now Playing  You Never Can Tell  Chuck Berry  APPS Apple Google 
 MicheleRedding2  barksmom11  badjin_rank  Bitte__B  alienpatriot79  autoengmike  Disciple4Lif  HeatherWhaley… 
 BieDowner  BitOfAGay  dukewhitethin  theresa_may You mean an article... that you can find on Google. Hundreds of t… 
Apple HomePod Has Arrived! Should Amazon Echo and Google Home Be Scared? 
Ima google this right quick cuz idk I'm not a doctor 🤷🏾‍♀️ 
Duh. Senate Judiciary Chair Hints That Comey Revealed Trump Not Under Investigation - The Daily Caller 
Cobb promotes healthy eating habits for kids with new cookbook Packers Randall Cobb signs copies of his cookbook, …
WhatsApp will release a 'Recall' feature that lets you UNSEND messages via 

Google Jobs
How To Earn Online With Google Adsense 
I'm now a B-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
you know when you're about to look something up but when you open Google you forget what it is you're looking up? yeah that just happened
Image: Tony Gaskins Jr – US Life Coach and Inspirational Speaker Is the ... 
 Election2015 UK General Election 
Win A  Google  Pixel & Printer With  Android Headlines  androidheadline  mopria  giveaway 
Pentagon Report Cites China Military Buildup Around World  south_china_sea
 Election2015 UK Cypriots urged to vote in the general election to make voice heard 
 Election2015 UK General Election 2017  6 – Everything you need to know in one place! 
 Election2015 Who Does Google Say Will Win The 2017 General Election? 
 Election2015 UK General Election only 2 days away (Dayle Littlejohn) 
Qatar said change is inevitable & promoted an open dialogue. Why did Putin's hackers get involved? Let chaos reign.


Big thanks to Google for having our partners Towers of Excellence & Chicago Baseball & Education Academy. They met,… 
 Election2015 Never Mind the 2017 UK General Election - What about the 2067 one? 
 200 Billion Asset Manager Warns "There's Danger At The Door" As Markets Lose Focus On Fundamentals by Zero Hedge 
Q&A: HPE Executive Tom Bradicich On New Software-Defined OT Platform And Why HPE Is A ... 🗣 Opines on  IoT
3 Internet of Things Stocks to Buy Now (STM, MRVL, MCHP) 🗣 Opines on  IoT
US Intelligence Says Russian Hackers Are To Blame For Qatar Crisis: CNN by Zero Hedge 
Apple's first TV series shows what it takes to build an app 
Could watching someone pitch an app make great TV? Apple Music hopes so 
 LesFerguson7 Hi Les. You can have a free 7 day trial of our premium Mobile Security product here: ^AM
Apple Drops First Original Series at Developers Conference 
Apple iOS 11 Release Has Three Nasty Surprises 
 realDonaldTrump How do you reckon those guys would feel about fighting for a president who does this?

Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 
The top iPhone and iPad apps on App Store 
 ffv951230 [INA GO] CHARMING MOMENT by  ffv951230  

IDR 235.000/BLM EMS
Tutup : 3 Juli

DETAILS & ORDER
👇👇… 
How To Build A Mobile App With No Tech Skills 
I liked a  YouTube video The Drake Medley! 🔥  TheKingOfWeird  Drake
How hospitals can avoid security pitfalls in health apps 
Google will punish developers who incentivize reviews to boost app visibility 
HuffPost Introduces Apple TV App, Moore Debuts 'TrumpiLeaks' 
iOS 11 Officially Kills Support for 32-Bit Apps and Devices 
[unknown] 64% (12/11/6) Dratini ♀ (Lvl: 13, CP: 292, Iron Tail/Twister) 'til 08:23:09pm (27m 42s). 
6 Nutrition Apps Triathletes Will Love 
Here's all the iOS 11 screenshots you've been waiting for 
♩MASAKI YODA Release on Google play music -High-  musica  Giappone  informazioni
Mother reveals her ex-husband is in a relationship with her daughter via 
Today's Apps Gone Free: Money, Dreambase, Dot Connector and More 
 dmc329  thehill Here's one (there are many, Google it): 
Meanwhile the New Orleans Saints signed a guy who had to Google American football! 🤣 
 JustinCentric  huntyboots "Okay, Google. Have this account deleted."
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  New Shoes  Paolo Nutini  APPS Apple Google 
promotes healthy eating habits for kids with new cookbook Packers Randall Cobb signs copies of his cookbook, "Prev…
Stop Being Boring Today, Join ➤  camshow  cumslut  cammodel  camgirls  cam4 
Raichu has spawned until: 08:24:24pm (29m 3s). 
RSA: Dratini 24.4% (5/5/1/Iron Tail/Twister) till 17:25:05 (29m 45s).
lvl30+ CP:361 (L18)

The model 1edelweiss is now live! En vivo por  camgirl  sex  webcam 
 brithume  DonaldJTrumpJr Oops.

Amazon reviews hail this book.  purchasing 
 ANTISOCIAL_82 
^article on Jewish genealogy and this topic 
Bitcoin Mining Companies Lose Judgment To SEC 
Good news! If you want to have a 5* positive on yourbusiness. She is the right person for you. 
Bitcoin Leads the Charge as Top 10 Cryptos Make Gains 
Purchasing and supply management must lead change. 
Felt a sharp pinch in my chest and according to Google I have a blockage in my hearts coronary artery I'm dying
North Central Division responding to '41/40 - Other - In Progress' at N CENTRAL EXPY SB / L B J FWY EB | Beat 642 | 
Send your girl a google quote
Recently, the government had a meeting with executives from ''Apple'' Inc, 
Microsoft, Samsung Electronics Co and... 
Forever Living's unique business opportunity for better life
Call2349024992273now for your supplies & registration

 ItsMarcosNigguh google
 137 Porygon forsvinner 02:21:36. 
Get fun by finding U new  Style  Custom  accessory Apple: Android: 
 Sécheresse des sols 
IT> Apple's new anti-tracking system will make Google and Facebook e ->  it 
Google needs to strike the iron while it's hot — and before Apple HomePod launches 
How to Use Google’s Crawl Budget to Boost Your Site’s SEO 
One nation, one tax department: IT takes cue from GST - Economic Times   india  startups  growth
 stevozone4 I cringe every time he hits that "Google me baby you craaaazy" lmao. The verse is fire though.
Tough times? They're nothing to what our D-Day heroes endured via 
Solar energy powers millions of green jobs - The Hill (blog) 
 NowPlaying on AOR Then and Now: Cry Of Dawn - Listen To Me 
- Radio survey here : 
Comey said it. Many times. To many ppl. Senate Judiciary Chairman Confirms Trump Is Not Under FBI Investigation 
Google Analytics Vs Google Webmaster - 
[Northeast Houston] Snorlax (M) (IV: 91% - CP: 1045) until 07:22:45PM at 8025 Dockal Rd 
Just 5 minutes until  5thchat begins!  See you soon! 
Season info sheet that was handed out at physicals! Watch for an email to come soon.  GoMaples  MaplesSwim 
This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search  MakeUseOf
I love this beautiful piece of music, and I get goosebumps many times during the 21 minutes… 
'Misfits' Reboot From 'iZombie' Exec 
Wallpaper HD is a collection of the best full HD wallpaper for your smartphone o…: google… 
google search mordecai/rigby deviantart
[Deltona] Flareon (?%) (?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (29m 49s) Until 08:24:46pm. 
Empowering take on perspective in the last 5 minutes...


Trump leaking classified intel to Russia is outrageous. It’s not treason. - Vox 
arystotle is looking for these items please give them to me!.  Imitation Leathe... 
Google / Alphabet pounces on ad opp in absence of fed leadership  evilcorp  
I'm reading 
[BDk6Q.[F.R.E.E R.E.A.D D.O.W.N.L.O.A.D]] How to Buy Shares From Google Like An Expert by Steven Smith [E.P.U.B] Follow link at description…
I’ve been using Google for 10 years and I have no idea who uses the “I’m Feeling Lucky” button. LastTweetsLOL   lol
 chapeltongue This, I have to google.
Lee's Reputation Can't Be Redeemed 
Sandy completed the quest Practical present! 
It is a calculator that adopted a button that makes me think "I want to push in mind". 
life signifies neither relations but moving states 
 helmastroboy t mn google traduction prefere
DevOps Software Engineer 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
Technology - Digital Finance Technology - DevOps - Technology Operations / Production Engineer 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
4 Team Skills that Drive DevOps Success 🗣 Opines on  DevOps
ANDREW PIERCE on a miserable week for BBC presenter Mishal Husain via 
The Australian Scientists Turning Air Into Drinking Water, With Renewable Energy 
 thecity2 put this together, lol at the twitter handle ? 
She's Not There - The Zombies 
GR - A wild Mareep has appeared! Available until 20:24:08 (29m 29s). 
Google Cracks Down On Black Hat SEO Tactics 
Around Downtown Santa Brought you a ?% Larvitar it has (27m 51s) Please check map for cp 
'Silicon Valley' Actor Kumail Nanjiani on Failure, Purpose and Personal Growth 
Charmander available until 08:08:00pm (13m 25s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
 Andromeda_Kook [INA GO] CHARMING MOMENT by  Andromeda_Kook 

IDR 235.000/BLM EMS
Tutup : 3 Juli

DETAILS & ORDER
👇… 
Bay Farm: Larvitar ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:21:59 (27m 25s) 
** Mobile Stone Crusher for Rent Sale and Services Mobile Crusher Stone Crushing Plants 200 TPH and above is… 
SWAT Unit, FBI In Standoff With Alleged Armed Robbers In Logan Square Building  STANDOFF Chicago police have close…
Theresa May reveals naughtiest thing she's ever done via 
Police investigating Mumford Street standoff  STANDOFF Police investigating Mumford Street standoff ... Key pieces…
[Lake Villa] Croconaw, till 07:21:40pm. (27m 11s remaining) 
Standoff in Topeka means uncertainty for Kansas school districts  STANDOFF Disagreement in Topeka has hampered Kan…
Furloughs loom if governor, lawmakers don't resolve budget standoff  STANDOFF Sam Brownback and the Legislature re…
Google podesta artwork, spirit cooking, DNC deaths, Clinton Body count... Why have you not done this on your own. 
COMEY! Said it. Donald Trump & FBI: Russia Investigation Is Counterintelligence, Not Criminal | National Review 
Voice-to-text rendered my saying "mazzal tov" "Mazoltuv." What dialect of Yiddish do Google programmers' speak?
Is it possible Trump and some of his associates are guilty of treason? | Raw Story 
 USA  UK -  Google - Keep learning about the Revolution in Internet Marketing =>

my guess is a cursory google search will find similar quotes from Kobe and Mike. yal think these dudes supposed to live breathe & die hoop?
 NVIDIA is on a tear, but how much longer can they hold off  Google and  Intel? 
➠Very very Berry on Google play  music  musik  japan  INFORMATION
 lisa_alba  PaulWonderling Self not health stupid google
Deriving business insights from data  - > 
How Apple, Facebook, Google and Amazon Are Resisting Trump’s Paris Accord Exit 
A Haiti reboot? Country welcomes Google, Facebook, Silicon Valley to tech summit 
The Dictionary vs. Donald Trump 
Source tells me LMerckTS just got a major investment round from the World Bank. They make risk vanish. From last year: 
4 easy ways for Realtors to  payperclickadvertising  adwordstips  adwordsmanagementcompany 
06/06 19:52 / 4401 Dewees Ct, RA / Breathing Difficulty (6D1) / T16 / 048K / EMS8
Why the best words a dad can hear are...It's a girl! via 
Forex Trading Video: Dollar Hits 8 Month Low, Anticipation Will Warp Markets Wednesday 
Social listening for customer service  SocialListening  BigData  Analytics  Tungsten
 realDonaldTrump Unfiltered message


Tauros until 08:23 (29m 40s). 1.8km NE of downtown. 
A wild Omanyte has appeared! Available until 10:24:01 (29m 46s). 
Elon Musk just gave more details on two highly anticipated Tesla models  Facebook  android  app go to 
06/06 19:52 / 4401 Dewees Ct, RA / Breathing Diff (FBD) / T16 / 048K / WWB299 RFSQ14
 ShekuDragneel  OhNoItsGreek Google it
Google wallet >
Kochi hosts apparel trade fair 
 MyNam3isTak3n One of the issues that comes with the 'Google' mentality can be that people THINK they are experts,… 
 SlashGayUhc  citaluhc google translate to talk to them, the staff got demoted and we got respawned and then died lol
How to Solve the ‘What Should I Test?’ Problem  growth  growthhacking 
 deefunk My Google searches while trying a new recipe are probably hilarious.
I hate my internet. I'm trying to upload something to Google drive, and it's been stuck at "30 minutes left" for the past hour.
 realDonaldTrump Child cancer charity money Donald? Really?

Apple follows Google's lead with its own ad blocker for Safari  marketing
After Acting & Singing, Alia Bhatt Is All Set To Be A Producer ... - MissMalini  aliaa08 
Apte Research Group: Mapping air pollution with Google Street View cars - 
Tix to see Luke in Little Rock! Like For Luke! Check out the BBITM podcast. Search "Brandon Baxter In The Morning"… 
Indian River approves tourism development budget for 2018 budget year  tourism  travel
IRI CEO Andrew Appel and Bhanu Bhardwaj to Speak at ARF 2017 Audience Measurement ... 
This guy is running for VA State Delegate (District 54). He has full support of the Tea Party
 JoyAnnReid  maddow


 dmitrigrabov  arranrp I'd be happy to, if it can wait until next week & be done via Skype/Google Hangouts/etc. :)
 OnThisDay in history---a human being's friend was just purchased. 
 Shingo571  ManachainO  OZ_Shim  Devilalum  RichardTrubacek  beecee1122  ElDoradoz11  Anticonspiracy2  ErezNeumark… 
[Satellite Beach]Meganium ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (29m 17s) Until 08:23:18pm. 
 z_self_insert //I was on the google chrome app when it suddenly switched over to the gmail app with an opened emai… 
OUSD's G-Suite transition is well underway! Missed our Lightning Lab sessions? Check out the slides/videos:… 
 France Helps  IraqiArmy Find, Kill French Citizens Who Joined  ISIS. Good for them.  
Based on google searching though this is not the first time something like this has happened.
 SNIPERJIMIN [INA GO] CHARMING MOMENT by  SNIPERJIMIN 

IDR 235.000/BLM EMS
Tutup : 3 Juli

DETAILS & ORDER
👇👇… 
Alakazam available until 06:23:21pm (29m 28s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
6/6/2017 7:52 PM: TRAFFIC ACCIDENT NO INJURY at 3170 DEANS BRIDGE RD AUGUSTA GA 
The Guardian app download 
  ScotDebates Montana 
Mareep until 08:23 (29m 14s). 2.5km S of downtown. 
 KevinDevineTwit &  charly_bliss bring  brooklyn to  portchester + american_pinup rock 6.23  GarciasAtTheCap… 
So hard for working on Google Slides by a phone :(  mrktbeavs 
Mobile AR could hit  60 billion by 2021 thanks to Apple and Facebook - VentureBeat - - 

VentureBeat

Mobile ...
Republicans, stoking insurer panic on purpose to get a victory on healthcare bill this week! 
Gengar 53.3% CP 2009 LVL 29 (0/13/11/Hex/Sludge Bomb) till 05:22:57pm (29m 5s). 
Walmart brings us one step closer to never having to interact with another human being IRL  downloader  androidapps
06/06 19:51 / 806 Shepard School Rd, ZB / Diabetic (13B9) / T13 / 055S / EMS61
 TVFIghtsLive  I had to google beatles songs  billyapatterson 😂😂
Disturbing video shows Chicago man beaten as bystanders yell ‘Don’t vote Trump!’ – 
ii just made a fake instagram for hoseok hello google translate!
 NotReallyABear2  mattfalshblah  Prang91  MattWalshBlog Google the history of American political parties.
Highland Hospital: Larvitar ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:19:32 (25m 49s) 
[Grayslake] Forretress, till 07:23:00pm. (29m 21s remaining) 
im honestly killing mydelf what is thids
A new venue for me this coming weekend. Cannot wait! 
 SuzieMill  PlanetJayBee  sidgolding  KTHopkins Muslim girl in my sisters class was instructed to abstain from the… 
** Marshawn Lynch stays real on return to play for Raiders “I got a whole Oakland behind me” - 
** Lynch decided on comeback after Raiders announced move - 
 How to use Marker Detections API in Google Tango
 Tech  Internet  Question  HowTO

 rpingsepticeye //I wanna make friends with people that won't abuse me or my muses
Big up to the folks who use Apple maps instead of Google.
** Lynch Wanted To A Raider Before They Moved - 
 freedomsupport Havent bought the phone yet, I'm an existing customer wanting to verify b4 I spend  1K. As 4 freque… 
Vileplume around CCU: 08:21:58pm (28m 23s). 
 Editorial: Google in downtown San Jose? Great — and not just because of the jobs  fdlx  business  news  economy  finance  policy
 SynDemise  Demboner This guy really wants to jackoff has he ever used google images
** Marshawn Lynch decided to return when he found out Raiders were leaving Oakland - 
Google Online Game Teaches Kids Safety and Security | - Fortune 
** Raiders must go after former Jets LB David Harris - 
** Video: Marshawn Lynch speaks after Raiders OTA about what brought him out of retirement - 
** Marshawn Lynch goes Speak Mode in Oakland. For four whole minutes - 
** Marshawn returned for Oakland when Raiders set course for Las Vegas - 
➜MASAKI YODA Release on Google play music -High-  music  musik  japan  INFORMATION
Unknown street drug blamed for deaths, dozens of overdoses in Georgia - CBS News  google
Moderate drinking may alter brain, study says - CNN  google  health
ASCO 2017: Physical and Cognitive Effects of Systemic Therapy in Older Men with…  google
Francis Collins to Stay On as Director of National Institutes of  Health - Wall…  google
10 Lessons Digital Marketers Can Learn from HBO’s 
When should babies start sleeping in their own room? - WTSP 10 News  google  health
Looking like a Google Summit!!  GardenStSummit   GSSGAFE 
Fentanyl Crisis: DEA Issues Guideline for First Responders Dealing With Deadly Drug…  google
I thought I was going to be in charge of 7-8th graders but I'm actually in charge of high schoolers. WHY DONT I USE GoogleE??
The Glorious Fight on Last Night's Bachelorette Was One For the Reality TV History Books - Jezebel

Jezebel

The G… 
 NP on Africa's  1 Rap & Grime - Only Radio |  str8buttah - Mic Status | app: 
Google Attribution: What search marketers need to know 
 washingtonpost And who's to blame - mainstream media pushing out their fake news. 

NOT EVEN TRYING TO HIDE IT.


A Porygon appeared! Available until 19:20:57 (27m 37s). Check the Map for IV if available. 
There's a giant hole on Mars, and scientists can't figure out where it came from  mars
 highered - Mobile direct marketing planning toolkit - 27 planning & financial analysis tools.  Save 50%… 
Now playing KING JOSH - AT THE BoeingNK dl the app google play & ios be apart of the movement
US envoy Haley berates UN rights council, demands reforms  news
(?% ?/?/?, unknown / unknown) ♀ Dratini appeared! Expires: 20:18:55 (25m 28s). 
Lawyer: Retired Navy officer expected to plead guilty  news
City gets behind new food action group  foodsystem
Hilliard Run there are zombies, Just kidding a ?% Snorlax has appeared (28m 59s).  
Senate poised to make firing VA employees easier  news
Amal Clooney's mother Baria shops after baby news via 
 ABFalecbaldwin Hmmm I remember this in 2007... 
Google: ML in the backend; Apple: ML on-device. IMO Apple is getting it right here. Future will only be more and more mobile.
In the long run this may be vitally important- 
Re: tent-cities are more fun than internment camps

 StefanMolyneux
 Cernovich Would you also please consider putting it up on Google Play music? It's one of the big streaming services that a lot of us use.
A  Larvitar appeared! It will be at Kippa-Ring until 10:22 AM.  
Facebook’s Android TV App Is Live But Only Plays Videos  Android  Google  news 
Power (Jaspis und Obsisian) Chi-Body Stimulator - Orgasmodrom 
Egypt's Forex Reserves Surpass Nigeria for First Time in Six Years: Chart 
WSJ Ranks Lower In Google Search After Implementing Paywall  Android  Google  news 
Meet of Champions is tomorrow June 7th at Lee's Summit North. Still time to register.   
FOREX-Dollar dips vs yen as investors turn cautious 
Luciano - No Long Term Plan On | Droid:| iOS:
ZAR Forex Report: Expecting volatility 
📈 "Christian Eriksen" is trending today on Google Denmark (1000+ searches) 
FOREX-Yen surges as US yields fall, pre-UK election, ECB nerves 
Review of Atari Age: The Emergence of Video Games in America by Michael Z. Newman (MIT Press) 
Xbox Scorpio Logo? + RIP For Honor Players + No Violent Video Games on YouTube? 
Skarmory Available until 19:19:09 (25m 58s). 
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM 225 boys - 100ans 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

I liked a  YouTube video If Google Was A Guy (Part 5)
* Behind the Marketing Curtain: An Interview With Social Media Wiz Beverly Jackson, MGM Resorts Internat...  toprank
Old Navy Base: Dratini ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:22:11 (29m 12s) 
I would be the person to google "how to ask for a raise"
Google nosy af ....everywhere you go its asking are you at (fill in the blanks)??😒😒😒
" I AM the door of the Church, ' SonThrough SonLight Church is who I AM known... 
A Mareep appeared! Available until 19:19:38 (26m 40s). Check the Map for IV if available. 
14 users just unfollowed me! via  FollowerPlusApp 
University of Central Missouri president signs national sustainable energy pledge 
 mzFlyAshanti Me either I had to google it !!
Women missing after London Bridge attack narrowly avoided two other via 
The latest Google Education Daily!  marketing
 cybersecurity What is spear-phishing, Russia's alleged voter hacking technique?  infosec
ADB Supports Energy Reform, Clean and Renewable Energy in Pacific 
[PKMN] Flaaffy ?CP* (unknown/unknown)* [A?/D?/S?]* until 17:4:40 *for 30+ 
google; when will maia mitchell finally join banana hoes™
WORK FROM HOME OFFICE ASSISTANT 
Work From Home /  1000 per week / customer service / sales 
Hey Vaughan! To ensure improvement next year, please fill out our quick survey! 
 lthumann Passing level 1 & level 2 after that...I don't understand Google Groups, innovators, reference schools, t… 
Home Jobs 
Larvitar 188cp 68.9% Bite/Ancient Power (11/12/8) 05:20:50pm (28m 1s). 
Finding Computer Work At Home For Moms Should Be Easy 
The place I grew up was detonated back in ~'08 but I don't blame them, the google images look straight out of a tru… 
Work From Home Business Requires Serious Effort 
How 4 Changes in Your Approach Can Stop Employees from Quitting 
 Cernovich Hard to beat Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room 
Vodafone to stop its ads appearing on fake news and hate speech sites  EU
 eudatap UK data breach fines double to £3.2m as  GDPR looms on the horizon 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Google Analytics Tutorial for Beginners
Twitter Users Blocked by Trump Seek Reprieve, Citing  1A  AynRandPaulRyan  RobSaul  OwenElliot1967  MrNailsin  
A wild Girafarig has appeared! Available until 10:22:18 (29m 38s). 
Got to stop in Atlanta today & see some of the places that are inspirations in my WIP. Google street view can only do so much. 👀 amwriting
 wikileaks  suigenerisjen  couragefound  avilarenata  WBoeingI  Credico2016 well,   Obama chang… 
 swiaks  BitOfAGay  dukewhitethin  theresa_may Ah, my dear, there's your problem. You see, I actually read, study. Google is mere backup
D-Day photos are colourised on the 73rd anniversary of the landings via 
 NotreBlaine 7plus. Water proof, yo. 
 yrnjorge  astros  MLBTV  Applebees Nah all you do is google "Reddit MLB games" click on the 1st one & its gonna ta… 
 oisin_man google docs
 Equistar76  dmrc best part of photo is the empty shelf behind.   wmt loses   on that and is talking about robots t… 
I didn't realise the Google Now app does this. It's a little frog taking shelter in his mushroom house :3 
Nice Andrew! 
Zumbatech takes on  hackforchange - 
 norway teen anal google new making out porno sexy sex xxxx video 
 skinderman7 Go for it! We can't memorize everything, but we need to be able to Google the answers
Police Say Norwich Woman Sold Cocaine  ncfc  norwich
Trump is losing some support from key parts of his base, poll says 
| Takeout service Delivery Hero eyes  500 million  IPO
Students reveal hilarious ways they're dodging revision via 
 realDonaldTrump 
Let's discuss your con artist tactics
 LEXtmessage24 It's a song silly. Google it!
[unknown] A Wild Granbull ♀ is available 'til 08:19:55pm (27m 33s). 
To mark their anniversary,  hotathoward released a 2017/18 Internship application! Don’t miss out, apply below. 💅🏾
I'm playing My Singing Monsters. Check it out! 
islamophobia is not real. 
Google Unwillingly Redirects Users to a Tech Support Scam 
 sweengin  hiatt618  CLouwien  Reezlie  JZarif once you've watched that.  watch this 
facts… 
Well now you know who NOT to vote for: George Soros Gives Additional  250k for Virginia- via 
[unknown] 64% (3/14/12) Dratini ♀ (Lvl: 11, CP: 241, Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) 'til 08:21:50pm (29m 32s). 
 NocVlogs  BongoUrbex Who is the chap I wanna google him 😂😂
Don't get me wrong. Android is great, but the update situation is still deeply embarrassing & even Google seem to take a ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ approach.
 tlallan2003 Hello how are you doing i am new on here from michigan, send me your gmail id for us to talk better on google hangout
 amateurmatador  deray Patagonia discontinued the color a couple of years ago. A competitor sells a vest much like… 
google searching "jobs for if youre a completely useless person" didnt go that well
Google in talks to build vast office in San Jose - SFGate 
[Lake Villa] Mareep 47% 11cp, till 07:15:52pm. (23m 42s remaining) (Tackle/Discharge, 10/5/6) 
 101 sex posions nude google video 
"Losers" & "haters" rejoice! 
International Women’s Day Google doodle  websitetraffic  digitalmarketing  freetraffic 
[WL] Dratini, IV:? CP:?, MV:?, ?, til 07:21:16pm (29m 3s)   71 E Shore Dr 
Update a  chrome 59 para corregir 30 fallos de  seguridad  
(?% ?/?/?, unknown / unknown) ♂ Ursaring appeared! Expires: 19:55:04 (2m 43s). 
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  Girl  Destiny's Child  APPS Apple Google 
Apple's new anti-tracking system will make Google and Facebook ... - The Verge 
 SuperAaronBurr Google says otherwise. 
Now playing on  kissradyo : 014 Gloria Gaynor - First Be a Woman (Album Edit)  24 Saat Hit Müzik
Google me nigga look 👀 me up 
My shit err where keep up 😂🏃🏿🌎😎
 dsrealc yes yes okay I will send you a Google Calender invite 😏🤠
This is pretty slick: Mobile Website Speed Testing Tool – Google 
Share your awesome Ramadan and summer adventures to your fellow Muslims by taking over UNC MSA's Snapchat!

The difficulty of marketing  mathematics: 
(although marketing of medicine is much more of a problem)

Canaccord Genuity Cuts Rating On iRobot Corporation (IRBT) - Highlight Press  irobot
Google:Obama optimistic despite 'temporary lack of US leadership' on climate - Politico 
3 Proven Tips What To Sell And How To Make Good Money Online 
Download BNB RADIO for your android device on Google Play Store      NowPlaying Rita Ora - Your Song
LITTLE KELLY AND RAVEN GET A PET LION! Minecraft Love Story 
Google:Existing climate efforts expected to keep US goals on track - Seattle Times 
 Farmer_Dave999  GreensMPs Yeah it's clear there are no problems with paintball guns circulating more widely 
 Science - Google expands its Waze 'carpool' app across Californaia, Waze will now be pa... 
[Werribee] Hitmonlee (M) (IV: 55% - CP: 502) until 10:21:00AM at 12 Alliance St 
As Google Steals Its Education Thunder, What Can Microsoft Do? 
A Dilemma for  Diabetes Patients: How Low to Push Blood Sugar, and How to Do It? - New York Times - 
Chansey available until 06:20:49pm (28m 53s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
 corbs536  DIMBERLYisMI5 There's plenty the Tory  oldboynetwork don't want to talk about 

It can't be used as a handle, like a real man-bun.


Uber diversity chief says harassment report is ‘first step of many’ in fixing th  
Google got 1.6m patients’  data ‘inappropriately’

Trying to find new scholarships? Think of key words from your hobbies or major to search in Google!  moneyforschool  scholarships
Apex Towing Dublin Updates  apextowing
Togetic has appeared 107.1m (SE) away, til 09:01:08 (9m 14s). 
If you are a school superintendent, please consider filling out my 5 question survey about leading.  suptchat 
Shaka Senghor, a formerly incarcerated individual, launches media startup 
 I_Love_Evie_2  apccool  metavurt  ScottUri99  BrianHance An assertion does not a fact make. Wikipedia is no less l… 
Al Jazeera English: Qatar-Gulf rift: The Iran factor. 
How to stay in the black if you're running the bank of mum and dad via 
The google image associated with this  StopandShop description kills me ☠️ 
Google invites GGBoeing members to their Pride Month "Get Your Business Online" workshop. Register now at  allforsmalbiz
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 10:07:13 (15m 27s). 
A wild Girafarig has appeared! Available until 10:04:47 (13m 1s). 
【My cutie devil】　  mycutiedevil 
【iOS】【Android】
 Moniqueleemusic The answer to that question is "stereotype" am sure you know what that means love if not google it 😊
 Google Video Ranking How You Too Can Rank Your Video Quickly on Google 
Ursaring available until 08:12:34pm (20m 55s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
Dragonair available until 08:20:17pm (28m 39s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
Tax dodging crackdown to hit wealth managers  management
 pbeliavsky Whatev 😄rather buy the product from Apple than be the product of  the Amazon or Google
American Railcar Industries, Inc. Announces Launch of In-House Management of Railcar Leasing ...  management
GOP actually plans to vote on healthcare bill this week! ☎️ Senators: tell them no to  Obamacare repeal  SaveTheACA  
Nicole Kidman leads the style at the Glamour Of The Year Awards 2017 via 
 Mikaufoxy  VanillaSkunk Why not a Google Pixel? o:
Can Trump be impeached? What would it take? 
 ReutersTech  dnvolz These trolls often write 20 disgusting tweets in a row ALWAYS at the top! Guess where trolls w… 
 toryelectioneer  JKCorden  stephen501  Cassetteboy erm.. Probably yeah, you wanna google some or need me to hit you a link?
Google And Wonder Woman Join Forces To Inspire Girls To Learn Code via  womenysk 
West Oakland: Pupitar ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:20:49 (29m 14s) 
Image: Awesome Quotes wwwAwesomequotes4ucom Do Good for Others It Will ... 
 j_girdler ELONGATED MAN..not true but Google it
Trump holds elaborate fake signing ceremony since he can't get any real bills passed 
 Cernovich This can't be Alec Baldwin because in 2007 he said he would never tweet again? blahahahaha
So the timing of this Google  DTSJ announcement by the city during  Apple's  WWDC17 was on purpose right? Play up the  SiliconValley rivalry
Cycling '74 + Ableton  cycling
[Northbrook] Mareep 27% 598cp, till 07:20:17pm. (28m 49s remaining) (Thunder Shock/Body Slam, 2/3/7) 
Gigi Hadid sets summer's surprise hair trend  hair  trends
 Shake_Well  TheLibertyDoll  scottsantens Google David Northcott and Gordon Sinclair Jr. He's retiring end of this… 
 NotFaulty Also he's falling into the age-old trap of thinking that Google is responsible for everything people fin… 
A wild Mareep has appeared in Aldershot! Available until 20:05:03 (13m 35s). 
Google Can Now Detect Which Roads Are Most Polluted | |  GoogleEarth 
Good domain possibility?: ?? Its trending on google...
Alex Niggemann - Legacy  NowPlaying  6music
Michael Moore turns up heat on Donald Trump via new TrumpiLeaks whistleblowing site  Trump
3 Michigan State players charged in alleged campus sexual assault - NY Daily News 
Commodity Manager 
Puzzling google suggestions. 
Download LuckyBounty and make money so easy! 
Revolutionary new drugs score big wins against 3 cancers via 
Built-in ad blocking coming to Google's Chrome browser via  mercnews
Facebook & Google develop relationship with direct clients very well - open with their data says  darrenp3   m360
 RichGetz  abgutman  Sam_Chino13  pokie3154  JeffreyGuterman  realDonaldTrump words or phrases in any form of Arabi… 
 TEN_GOP I don't like Google. Can't seem to escape them though.
Turlock native helps old metal find new life through jewelry   digitalhealth
A wild Larvitar has appeared in Elizabeth Gardens! Available until 20:06:00 (14m 45s). 
 MechaKoopa  g1_Ferret75  Teh_Craigieboy  1TheStickman1 You just Google that
 lookatmin1013 [INA GO] 2017 Jimin BDAY Project "GALAXY PARK" by  lookatmin1013 

Dari IDR 270.000

Early Pay : 16… 
 vmiller1234  bloodless_coup I don't use google. Did they honor ramadan...?
General Surgery notes 50 pages.pdf 
get the app and listen live!

COLDPLAY  - TROUBLE
We're having a party for the new Advocacy and Policy Change book June 14, 530-730 pm. Free food and drinks! Details: 
Google serach 
[Harmony] 44% (0/7/13) Dratini ♂ (Lvl: 20, CP: 416, Iron Tail/Twister) 'til 08:20:52pm (29m 43s). 
Google is now connected to the NetWaiter Network  smoothies
Vodafone to stop its ads appearing on fake news and hate speech sites  Tech 
US Intelligence Says Russian Hackers Are To Blame For Qatar Crisis: CNN 
 VP They're pulling out b/c of uncertainty created by Trump's sabotage! 
Horses that heal: how equine therapy is helping people find peace of mind |The Guardian  gignshine  vlights  
New: Northern Plains UAS working to increase drone safety  BuzzDrone  UAV
 _whitegirlsarah Stfu with your google translate
People are already rsvping and just announced the event today! ✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️… 
Apiuna bears a close likeness to Luzia, the name given to the 11500-year-old skull of a young…  (Google News)
I have been growing with this amazing simple systems for 3 years now and in…  paulcarterart 
Is Your  Content Fresh Enough to Attract  Google? | Marketing Insider Group 
Three quarters of cancer patients will survive for 10 YEARS via 
Dratini - till 08:20:42pm (29m 44s). Found at 115 Belmont Dr (Highland) 
thanks google photos 
"Apple's new anti-tracking system will make Google and Facebook even more powerful"  tech  feedly

Interesting read on how Trump took over Eric's charity an turned it into a moneymaker....for himself.
 Disgusting
Here's an updated  Android version of  indiegink101puzzles demo 
 indiedev  gamedev… 
I have a cute boy at my place!
  IamaDeath
iOS：Android：
Learning in the Google environment with Mrs. Maria. 
If you haven't seen this interview U need to google it! Loved the fire in Clinton.Was not afraid to call out the BS… 
Very cool new way to sort through images!  Just noticed!!!  NEW GoogleE IMAGE SEARCH 2017 
Fam your life ain't google chrome, you can't just delete your history
London attacker's mother blames Internet for ideology - Otago Daily Times  
"He'd been abusing his Nerf gun privileges for a little while now by typing "Islamest+terror+man" into Google... 
How to SURVIVE a fall to the death via 
Has your website ever hit first page on Google? Now it can due to the recent overhaul of Google's search... 
Database highlights German doctors' relations with pharma industry
 pharmamktg
future fish FUCK office  internet Music Festivals of our response to help us as  neurofunk Obama Ableton  are slow and Google 2017 women sh
Google Chrome to Block Annoying Ads So Users Don't Block All Ads  twimbos  techzim
 iomecodev Can you please tell me why you are using facebook and not google-plus ?

& would you consider an alterna… 
[Prospect Heights] Arcanine, till 07:19:42pm. (29m 11s remaining) 
Meganium ?%(?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (29m 37s) Until 08:20:16pm. 
Interested in contributing to the HER Campus, Howard chapter ( HerCampusHoward)? Now you can. 💗✨
Google Boosts Top Bug Bounty for Critical Android Flaws to  200,000  twimbos  techzim
Dear Durant: This Boring Postseason Isn't Your Fault, It's Ours

 Google this article when u get a chance 
 okcthunder 
 warriors 
 cavs
What to Do When Your Website Doesn’t Appear in Google Results for Certain Keywords 
yeah I'm fishing on the Sac river delta with my buddy Mike 
There can only be one.. SOUL SURVIVOR by   Jeanne Glidewell   google  Fiction  Reincarnation   book… 
 Tactual100  BipolarAsFuck82  patdrisk  SSAshleyShaffer  IDinduSheit What the hell is robo? Google won't tell me?
The model sexydoll07 is now live! En vivo por  Ts  Tranny  Shemale 
 classroomflex Great experience. I did the same thing and they used the new Google sites. Finished product was great!
Google Doodle Honors the Creative Legacy of Architect Zaha Hadid 
A group representing  6.2 trillion of the US economy is “still in” on Paris climate agreement 
 Venezuela 
 EuropeanUnion  amnesty  Voice_1184.amr 
Google's Chrome Browser to Soon Start Blocking Bad Ads  twimbos  techzim
 DJFunkyDave  LibTearsRCool  MONeil1974  mcarle17  MelissaRLeach  JeanineFisk1  DianeC78956638  DonaldJTrumpJr Give… 
 madeleinemmary I just use Google, personally. It shows rates from most places with online booking.
Here's my grandmother's recipe for hotwater cornbread. With some collards, it's an all-American treat. 
 C2_Cooper Yes! Looking at Google suggests it's mostly an Indiana or at least Midwest pairing. Sweet and savory is a good pairing imo
Charity Auction Idea: list of Trump's google searches (long form)
 rainha_pinto google search how do i meet and impress cool inclusionists
Good morning friends.... Have a nice day... 
*ahem* excuse me *clears throat* what in the actual fuck?


Anyways Google has suggested I use a blank page from the Bible in lieu of rizla. Even though I'm not a Bible fan, Idk that seems messy
Banking Stocks On The Verge Of A Breakdown 
Verge crossword clue 
Clarke County, Ga: Recent​ High School Graduate "Drew Swan" Dies In Skateboarding Accident 
United Onslaught is on! Get Divine Evolvable Rank S! App StP Google Plad  DarkSummoner
I'm now an E-List celebrity in Kim Kardashian: Hollywood. You can be famous too by playing on Android! 
Get well cuz!!!! 


Voices 5 ways accounting firms' marketing efforts often fall short 
Putin says he never has bad days because 'he isn't a woman' via 
Eric Mower + Associates wins 3 business marketing awards 
Marketing Hasn't Changed. But Marketers Must. 
Apple Goes Long On Augmented Reality  AugmentedReality
Love Island 2017 Cast is trending on Google. Read the latest here: 
Agile Marketing For Manufacturing 
Meta, HoloLens, Wikitude Among Auggie Winners  AugmentedReality
Injury Crash

Location: PAPER MILL RD & POLLY DRUMMOND HILL RD

Map Link: 
Schell Games CEO says VR has big challenges before it becomes major player  AugmentedReality
Kesha is trending on Google. Read the latest here: 
4 Tips for Harnessing the Tension That Comes When a Visionary Hires an Integrator  entrepreneur 
 robfuller25 Yo! Everywhere dude! My own physical & digital collection, YT, Bandcamp, freakin' Google search, ffshrine is an awesome forum!
Here's a look at Peter Jackson's augmented reality ambitions  AugmentedReality
 Ten9Promo Purchase the ‘Redline’ EP by  7thDaySlumber HERE: Google Play: Cop===|!!!!!!!!!!  vsrmusicgroup
Google my pake.

 LezSleepNaLang
8 Frugal Family Road Trips to Take This Summer 
Statement on behalf of the family of Kirsty Boden 
ok google how to shed ur skin suit and start life anew as a daffodil
A wild Dragonair appeared! It will be at Seltjarnanes until 12:05 AM.   SELTJ  Pokekort 
 NowPlaying on AOR Then and Now: Treat - We Own The Night 
- Radio survey here : 
7 Steps to Faster Audience Growth [Free New Webinar] - 
[Palatine] Dratini 80% 257cp, till 07:19:00pm. (29m 4s remaining) (Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail, 13/9/14) 
Artist Mark Barone Paints Portraits of 5,500 Euthanized Dogs to Raise Awareness About the Plight of Shelter Animals 
So when I'm halfway up a 15 ft. bouldering wall, I should really realize that my problems aren't really problems... 
A rather somber song, but really peaceful at the same time.
I wrote this song for my dear friend in the UK.... 
 MstrB8erVs2  AceFL1  cbinner1  Kneel_son6er  PylesStyle  babygandolfini Now google "owl reproduction organ".
 BieDowner  BitOfAGay  dukewhitethin  theresa_may Google is your friend. There's too  many articles covering vast a… 
Spicer confirmed:
'Trump's Tweets' = official statements.

They justify how insane he is; read them.
 25thAmendment


East Bay: Dratini ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:10:02 (20m 8s) 
 1B ransom was behind countries' decisions to cut ties with Qatar via 
This Google Home Help page is phenomenal.  
 SocialMedia Gets  Spooky On  Halloween2016 - See more at  Facebook  Snapchat  Google  TrickOrTreat  Halloween
Don't ever google me, you'll be misled 
Sudowoodo 84.4% (12/12/14/Counter/Earthquake) till 17:18:27 (28m 37s). lvl30+ CP:1206 (L21) 
Save that energy you complain with and go google festivals you want to get booked for.
 SAShenk Also on SoundCloud. Really you can just google it.
06/06 19:47 / 3524 Capital Blvd, RA / Traumatic Injury (30B9) / -NO- / 050S / EMS1
pretty cool of  Google to commemorate this important day in US history!  DDay 
ETDPS Responding toSTRUCTURE FIRE: 689 E ROOSEVELT AVE Battle Creek Watch for Traffic back ups or emergency vehicles
Claremont Hills: Dragonite ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:09:05 (19m 21s) 
Arcanine - ? (?/?/?) - Prospect Heights. 07:19:42pm (30m 0s). 
Wow great tips tonight on Level 1 Google Certification  GooglePDWeek  EdTechTeam
 SpazzyKK  JonathanBryant_  kurteichenwald  LibertyBelleJ "It's on google" is a lousy reason to spread speculation… 
 heala_SA Great Sugar cleanser; DaKota Veggie...: 
 navSOneet  jh_6512  kirneeey You should really google the definition of costume. I'm not trying to be rude but I p… 
A  Lapras appeared! It will be at Kippa-Ring until 10:18 AM.  
Amazon Hastily Removes The Most Offensive “Product” In The History Of Things  Facebook  android  app go to 
Hart Board president's comments spark social media criticism   socialmedia
Are Apple and Amazon Ready to Play Nice?  Facebook  android  app go to 
Trump backs Saudi Arabia and its allies over strangling Qatar via 
PLS tweet for the victims of  VancouverAquarium!  Blackfish  CaptivityKills  EmptyTheTanks 
 omenrust  I dont follow the president...and I can see his tweets at any given time by using Google.
 adds go to feed  fakenews and hate sites.  advertisers do not like it and are working with  facebook and  Google t… 
I been feeling a little nauseous lately, so I look it up on google and apparently I'm pregnant with triplets?????
Bringing Fun & Whimsey Into Your Home with ‘Woorld’, Winner of Google Play’s ‘Best AR ... |… 
"Our business is protecting yours"
These are the geniuses that said this: 
Public service announcement: Google Voice transcribes my voicemails and texts and e-mails them to me for free.  TYTLive  BrettErlich
 sweengin  hiatt618  CLouwien  Reezlie  JZarif larry try this American. he knows the truth 
Podbean has stopped working so I'm back to Google Drive.
 truecrimegarage I haven't even listened to it yet but hands-down your best choice. No Google maps or wikipedia needed for this ride.
Heavy Police Presence In Orrington At Home Of Man Who May Be Armed  SHELTERINPLACE  ALERT ... precautions to diver…
 PeejeT 😂😂 lmaoo google got the transparent version
Talk to expand Google in DT SJ  nomoretrafficplease 
What the  50 million for police headquarters bought  WestPhillyNews
[unknown] A Wild Ninetales ♀ is available 'til 08:15:39pm (26m 17s). 
 BibleWarrior64  WayneBogda  Leah0_oKnight  phil200269  TerrilC11  jimlibertarian  jko417  ChristieC733… 
📈 "Algerie Guinee" is trending today on Google France (10000+ searches) 
 NP on Africa's  1 Rap & Grime - Only Radio |  AndyMkosi - Fresh Start | app: 
 linderje  theblaze  Talkmaster Funniest line in history of Sat Night Live, re an autobiography: Renee Richards, Te… 
A wild Forretress has appeared! Available until 10:02:28 (13m 8s). 
Please google before you post 🤦🏽‍♂️
Khuram Butt's uncle denounces his nephew's London Bridge massacre via 
AXIOS: Google announced a news literacy program designed to help kids make smart decisions online. 
The 5 Factors That Make Customer-Referral Programs Fail  entrepreneurs
Canadian telecom industry wants less regulation, more investment in talent, as it prepares for 5G  5G
 gomer21xx Like, the rage-inducing-this-affects-many-people-in-an-extremely-negative-way-stupid. The "i don't know… 
Police: Shots fired from two vehicles in Columbia City - KIRO Seattle 
IDK I READ IT IN A GoogleE BOT VOICE AND CRY 
Thanks, Bei Bei Li, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Police Questioning Suspect in Bronx Shooting of Boy on His 5th Birthday - New York Times 
Thanks, Lissa Young, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Hazmat Crews Called To Incident At Pennsbury High - &  ... - - from  ChemicalLeaksSpills
Download WHAFF Rewards,
put the invitation code : [ HP22601 ] and get  ٠٫٣٠٠!!!

Happy Ending for Heartbroken Shelter Dog 
Scientific Keyword Secret Yields First Page Google Ranking with Surgical Precision everytime 
Patent Office Director Michelle Lee resigns a former Google executive, headed the USPTO under President Barack Obama
CONMEBOL accuses ex-presidents of money laundering: It accused Leoz and Figueredo of damaging its…  Moneylaundering
Hey, there's a new random patent: 
Harry Potter 
 Packers Packers fans give lift to stranded Davon House to Green Bay  SportsRoadhouse
Please tweet for all the victims who suffer at  Marineland  Canada.  Blackfish 
 Packers Fans Come to Green Bay Packers CB Davon House's Rescue  SportsRoadhouse
CONMEBOL accuses ex-presidents of money laundering  moneylaundering
Poll: Trump's approval rating plummets, inches closer to all-time low - AOL 
London Bridge killer was reported after 'violent' Eid scuffle via 
 TYTLive I don't get any spam calls since I have Google Voice 😁
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  On The Road Again  Telex  APPS Apple Google 
 HardTech HPE Leads The Charge In IoT With New Software-Defined Operational Technology  IoT
Great read with  sramji from  googlecloud. Openness, 3rd party path to enterprises, containers, kubernetes.… 
 HardTech Industrial Internet of Things Drives Pharma Line Integration  IoT
 IndyCar IndyCar Announces Dallara Will Build 2018 Body Kits  IndyCar
Pin This: Pinterest just scored  150 million in funding

Investors are—yes—pinning their hopes on Pinterest's c… 
♫Very very Berry on Google play  μουσική  Ιαπωνία  πληροφορίες
[Brigantine] A wild Larvitar appeared! Expires at 8:12 pm. 
[Avalon] A wild Vileploom appeared! Expires at 8:18 pm. 
 xbrixbrix google 'lady's business casual' BoeingM. problem solved. Just remember, this is a chance to network and meet/greet potential clients
[Hoppers Crossing] Hitmonlee (M) (IV: 80% - CP: 524) until 10:15:41AM at 6 Colliet Pl 
[Ventnor City] A wild Blastoise appeared! Expires at 8:15 pm. 
[Rowville] Hitmonlee (M) (IV: 60% - CP: 1341) until 10:15:54AM at 27 Tetragona Quadrant 
[London] Lapras (M) (IV: 60% - CP: 768) until 01:16:52AM at 39-50 Finsbury Square 
 Cole_World00  LibTearsRCool  MONeil1974  mcarle17  MelissaRLeach  JeanineFisk1  DianeC78956638  DonaldJTrumpJr Rep… 
Alpine Aspirations: Spoon Customs Izoard RR: Last Thursday, at Brooks England’s B1866 concept store, Spoon...
 NowPlaying Pepper Dem Gang - Olamide  dexradiolive Listen Live, Get Our App: 
Trump adviser: I didn't mean to link Dems to JCC threats 
Can Google teach kids not to troll? 
A Tour of the New Google Earth  rmbyrne  mfltwitterati  langchat  ozlanged 
Donald Trump, Master of Low Expectations 
When you're searching  Google for your church & your pastor pops up!  woodsidepontiac… 
 urlbey Laugh it up! Cause that same pic you're using, I bet you searched google images for right?!! Bow down and pay homage to Jlo
The Cavs' locker room reportedly smelled like weed after NBoeing Finals Game 2 
KATIE HOPKINS: Ineffectual people supposed to protect us from killers via 
24 Crazy Facts That Are Hard to Believe They're True 
"Frenchmen" directed by Marc Esposito : Avenue Raymond-poincare  Paris  Film  MovieInParis  🗺 📍… 
Stop asking me how I started my business, go to google.
How Much Money Can You Make With Google AdSense 
Nice charming hotel: The Settlement Hotel: Nice charming hotel - Read… ۞ Salam Ramadhan ۞
 andrewklavan 
Every Christian should read this.
[Melbouorne]Snorlax ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (29m 37s) Until 08:18:24pm. 
The Flight Zone 

Cause you know I fly high!! 
Saw my high school boyfriend the other day looking like a neo hippie. He's 39 wtf!  
 JohnJohnRage  AceFL1  cbinner1  Kneel_son6er  PylesStyle  babygandolfini 

Google search "cloaca" 
 djp1974  dominiccampbell  gilliantett Perhaps she'd remind us of the importance of Bourdieu 
Great Cheese Mee Hoon - Restoran Tong Sheng: Restoran Tong Sheng: Great… ۞ Salam Ramadhan ۞
Online shopping trends cause another small businesses to close its doors 
[Arlington Heights] Grimer, till 07:18:41pm. (30m 2s remaining) 
Dratini - ? (?/?/?) - Wonder Lake. 07:18:35pm (29m 55s). 
Revealed U.S. hate preacher who inspired London attacker via 
Please follow fashionthese on G+ Thanks :) >>
10 Expert Google Search Tips - 
One of the joys of Google training in beautiful Corbin, KY!  readky 
Weekly Tweetsheet-PLS tweet the facts.  Blackfish  dolphins & belugas suffer in captivity 
OK y'all it's been a real busy day but I finally had a chance to google "can of man" and...nope I still don't get it 
Case Study: How AdWords Life Events Targeting Lifts Brand Interest 175% 
Coops REACT for Cybersecurity  Opines on  CyberSecurity
IT Firm Fujitsu Debuts Blockchain System for Secure Data Sharing 
Get the best Houston Cosmetic Dentists to work on your teeth 
ATTENTION COMPANY LEADERS:
Get your group listed for FREE in our 2017 Performing Arts Directory by 6/15/2017… 
Altoona dentist makes sure everyone Smiles 
Google can now detect which roads are most polluted using Street View cars. 
Best quote from my boss "the google is great, like Gaga."  So not what I was expecting to come out of his mouth. 😂
Google Play To Show Which Apps Has Ads  news  RecentHacks
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Google Translate Beatbox
 R_Love317  raiderman108  HLRowe1  JBOfromSuwanee  disturbedsauce  ratman720  Love2RescueDogs  fred_knotts… 
Dratini ? ?% unknown, unknown Available until 19:15:58 (27m 20s). 
Third London Bridge attacker named by Italian press as Youssef Zaghba via 
A site doesn’t have to be indexed to be listed. If a link points to a page, domain or wherever, Google follows that link.  yoast  seo
 johnallsopp  umairh These Trump chants at sporting events blew up once he entered the race. 
PUBLISHED - Today we released the UTM Tagging Guidelines for the automotive industry. Download your copy now:… 
Elon Musk: The Secret Behind His Insane Drive - Observer from "Elon Musk" - Google News 
 communication 
Learning to enhance your communication skills helps improve interaction with others.
The 2017  AAAS Give Science a Voice shirts a now available! Sign up today: 

sumtimes i'm like am i even gay and then i look up pictures of angelina jolie on google and i'm like o yea i am
: Theresa May: I'll tear up human rights laws so we can deport terrorists. she lost the plot or what?
Vaporeon in Myrtle til: 08:18:02pm (29m 36s). 
‘Better Call Saul’ Season 3, Episode 8: ‘What Have I Done?’ 
[unknown] 47% (15/6/0) Dratini ♂ (Lvl: 9, CP: 193, Dragon Breath/Twister) 'til 08:17:28pm (29m 4s). 
andy brown goalie images - Google Search  BMacDonnieMoj  
[Talicud Trail] 42% (8/10/1) Tangela ♂ (Lvl: 10, CP: 572, Vine Whip/Grass Knot) 'til 08:16:49pm (28m 28s). 
 DanDarkPill  shibuyashadows I'm off to Google again.
Google & Research GMO . If you really want to  StandUpToBullying &  StandUpToCancer wake up about how Toxic your families Foods &such Are.
 ComicRumble Google translate
Today's Impeach-O-Meter: Trump Accused of Laundering Money Through Pediatric Cancer Charity 
Did the Trump Organization Make Money From Eric Trump's Cancer Charity? 
Will the real Veronica Compton please stand up?
 
Jumpluff in North Myrtle until: 08:17:44pm (29m 26s). 
Oskar Eustis: The First Time I Burned Money (and Found My Calling) 
Larvitar 33.3% (5/9/1/Rock Smash/Stomp) till 17:18:00 (29m 42s).
lvl30+ CP:586 (L27)

Better Call Saul: Why Kim Wexler Should Die - Today's News: Our Take | 
 NowPlaying Chris Cagle - You Still Do That To Me
(Android App) (Apple App) 
Uber dismisses over 20 employees after law firm's probe FILE- This March 1, 2017, file photo shows an exterior vie…
Donald Trump Stole Money from Kids with Cancer 
Uber fires at least 20 employees in workplace harassment probe DETROIT — Uber has fired more than 20 employees aft…
Apple's new anti-tracking system will make Google and Facebook even more powerful


How Did Accused  NSALeaker  RealityWinner Get  SecurityClearance? Good question! From stovepipe concept to sharing  
 JessicaStrutt  zrfk ....just after Troy got the name MAX from Google !
Challengers pour their own money into Norfolk commonwealth's attorney race 
Google Fixes 30 Vulnerabilities, Five High Severity, in Chrome 59 
Check out Kendall and Kylie!  kkgame 
Grimer - till 08:43:23pm (55m 8s). Found at 545 First St (Argyle) 
[Gurnee] Machoke, till 07:17:57pm. (29m 46s remaining) 
 dianneport  VoteJezzaCorbyn  BBCNews  Conservatives 
May selling weapons to Saudi and not… 
The Great Lakes Go Dry: How One-Fifth Of The World’s Fresh Water Is Dwindling Away 
Our next show starts at the top of the hour! Don't forget to tune in!  Renegaderevolution  Followarenegade 
 NowPlaying Sade - Paradise on  RadioITB86 Link: 
 Recruiting Google is about to weaken Indeed’s position in the recruitment market 
 DianaRoss The Brewster Center today: 
Mareep available until 08:17:42pm (29m 33s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
'He's a weird tangerine c**khead!': Dawn French lashes out at Donald Trump in hilarious onstage ... The comedian, …
Moderate drinking may alter brain, study says - CNN 
Student declining photo-with Paul Ryan: We weren't brainwashed  Trump supporters aren't smarter than an 8th grader! 
 TonyStewart  NASCAR TONY STEWART "2011 SPRINT CUP CHAMPION" 2004  20 1/24 THE HOME DEPOT CANDY CAR  Google  Trends
Welcome new followers. I've started exploring short-form audio stories on the web.   
A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 10:14:00 (25m 48s). 
PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ PLZ 
Turlock native helps old metal find new life through jewelry  Wearables
via robotics - Google News 
♪MASAKI YODA Release on Google play music -High-  μουσική  Ιαπωνία  πληροφορίες
 Larry_CliffrdSr It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
Content Marketing and SEO with Baruch 
 Herbiv4  RMCAdelBlue  Telegraph  UKLabour You should become a little more learned about folks you want to lead your country.
 That_Layman Can't stop silly people having access to google!


The digital advertising doomsday clock  onlineadvertising
Trump's poll numbers are in a very, very bad place 
China Leads The World In Livestreaming, Mobile Payments, Bike Sharing = What Next?  onlineadvertising
Social media and the food and beverage industry  onlineadvertising
Come Try a fleshlight! 
6 Ecommerce PPC Best Practices to Improve Your Advertising ROI  onlineadvertising
ONLY  40  socialmediaads
In the antebellum United States --- a white person just sold a slave's parent. 
[Ocean City] A wild Larvitar appeared! Expires at 8:16 pm. 
UK News Oklahoma teachers, community leaders address childhood obesity 
[Old East York] Miltank (F)  until 08:16:36PM at 28 Goodwood Park Crescent 
Mike Ehrmantraut Deserves to Be a Star 
Trump Funneled Cancer Charity Money to His Businesses, Associates: Report  DrainTheSwamp  
Apply to part of the  UGSA44 Staff by 6/24. Photographer, DJ, Street team? There’s definitely a role for you. 
✊🏾
Even women...Sansour is another one
 
PM admits there are questions for MI5 over London Bridge killer via 
South Oakland: Dratini ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:15:45 (27m 51s) 
 leighsuspinnock mon ami Google Tradutor n'aime pas Bing
Uber diversity chief says harassment report is ‘first step of many’ in fixing the company’s culture  
Mareep 533cp 80.0% Tackle/Discharge (14/11/11) 05:16:57pm (29m 8s). 
 UaLaoghaire Wonder if it's on Google music or Amazon?  fuckitunes
Chansey 42.2% (8/8/3/Pound/Hyper Beam) till 17:17:32 (29m 42s).
lvl30+ CP:57 (L2)

 HungryGents It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
Doing google searches for different headwear and I am absolutely ENCHANTED with this person's work!… 
Jumpluff in North Myrtle until: 08:17:10pm (29m 22s). 
 FoxNews Google did nothing to let those know about D-DAY June 6th. I guess they do not believe in Freedom anymore.
Download The Bitcoin App at and use my code DEB6D3096 to earn 2600 Satoshi.  bitcoin
De Donde Vienen Tus Ojos by Roberto Ruiz distributed by DistroKid and live on Google Play 
 TIME Hey 45TH my boy you Stunod -- Oh don't know what the word means?? Google it!!
september classroom door ideas - Google Search 
Would you get gunged for charity? — I had to google what this meant lmao no  
Elderly Americans Are Taking Their Grandkids& 8217; Summer Jobs 
Cops allege father of Maddilyn-Rose Stokes changed his story after toddler's death 
I just Google "what to say when asked "how are you?"" .... 

so that's where I am in my life.
[unknown] 56% (2/8/15) Tangela ♂ (Lvl: 5, CP: 273, Infestation/Solar Beam) 'til 08:16:40pm (29m 0s). 
My great-great grandmother, Florence Harrie, and baskets that she made ❤️ 
Support For Donald Trump's Impeachment Is Now Higher Than His Approval Rating 
[unknown] A Wild Victreebel ♂ is available 'til 08:16:13pm (28m 35s). 
Blunders that left three jihadis free to kill in the UK via 
 ABWright824  SadiqKhan  NoHostagesTaken It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
Snorlax - ? (?/?/?) - North Barrington. 07:17:16pm (29m 40s). 
Today at work, the Google home told me I was a sparkling diamond in a dirty gravel pit. 

So I got that going for me.
GR - A wild Dragonair has appeared! Available until 20:17:12 (29m 39s). 
Feraligatr ?%(?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (29m 16s) Until 08:16:54pm. 
Dragonite available until 08:09:46pm (22m 17s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
Tomorrow's another day
we'll be jetpacking off 💋
to new adventures!  Mwah
He's baaack!!!!   Welcome home  jasonmikellwx.  jason mikell lima hometown stations - Google Search 
 cutemaknaechan He is so extra, that even google knows 
 ProfPlum15 ARSE GRAVY IS CALLED SANTORUM

 GothamNY Thanks but the issue is I have enough space to get this one game and enough space to get Google Play Games, but not both.
'The choice with which you are faced on Thursday carries more weight and meaning than it has done for decades.' 
A hidden Easter egg in google: via  YouTube
 DY5555 Coke studio fakhir song. Go and Google it.
[Wheeling] Dratini 51% 458cp, till 07:16:36pm. (29m 12s remaining) (Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail, 12/1/10) 
Larvitar 520cp 40.0% Rock Smash/Crunch (14/0/4) 05:16:31pm (29m 6s). 
We need your voice. 
 OpWhales 
<< tweets 
 Iceland  whales need you 
Sequoyah CC: Larvitar ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:14:09 (26m 46s) 
Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe - Reuters 
Responding to MVA near E Clinton Ave & N Winery Ave in Fresno

Responding to MVA near N WINERY AVE & E CLINTON AVE in Fresno

Google Chrome to Block Annoying Ads So Users Don't Block All Ads  devnews
Now playing DRE PEL - GODS PLAN dl the app google play & ios be apart of the movement
 IaM_Anna15 But closing twitter and opening google is much workk
IAMGOLD secures Japanese partner to develop Gogama open-pit mine – by…  Vanadium  Google
This Land is Your Land: Grand Canyon at risk as Arizona officials ask…  Vanadium  Google
 CreamoftheCrop7 Google pic? 😂😂
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF YOUTUBE LIVE?
It's a new take on the Google Hangouts idea!! 
 YouTube  YouTubeLive… 
Google Boosts Top Bug Bounty for Critical Android Flaws to  200,000  devnews
➟Very very Berry on Google play  μουσική  Ιαπωνία  πληροφορίες
Why don't you play most popular sim game??  ContractMarriage
Rhyhorn 91.1% (14/15/12/Mud Slap/Stomp) till 17:14:32 (27m 19s).
lvl30+ CP:898 (L19)

‘Auspicious’ time for M&A, yet difficult to secure capital – mining…  Vanadium  Google
COLUMN-Nickel facing a long and rocky road to price recovery – by Andy…  Vanadium  Google
Trump urged to end  uranium mining ban near Grand Canyon – by Cecilia…  Vanadium  Google
Google Local Panels Now Rolling Out Tab User Interface? via  seroundtable 
Jeremy Corbyn addressed a rally attended by al Muhajiroun via 
[PalmBay/Malabar]Snorlax ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (29m 18s) Until 08:16:28pm. 
 Trumpia APW Widgets
via google
Sure Google will help him...lefties stick together. 
Non Emergency Response - E033 - Corder St - Grand Blvd - 18:38 - 
11 Health Benefits and Uses for the Herb Plantain  GeneralHealth 
The Responsibility of Intellectuals 
Google's Chrome Browser to Soon Start Blocking Bad Ads  devnews
No, Donald Trump doesn't have 110 million people following him on social media - Washington Post 
Tribes want say in next U.S. Attorney.  They should get it.  No federal position more important to Indian Country.


Check Patient - A046 - Weston St - Hull - 18:44 - 
 Google Housing prices in SJ are too high already. At this rate my family may have to move out of CA  thanksgoogle 
 OldManRoland_ You don't have to tell me about that, I write about it. Lemme google that for you...
Your c▪ck drives me crazy it's free! ➽  cam4  webcamsex  cam  hookup  camsex  camgirl 
Coming soon: A very special new offering from HOP! Stay tuned! 🥂🍽️💃🎭🔥 mauitours  vacationlife  elvisisinthebuilding

 redboyxx  halex_sanch  MegTalksBoys  dolanelite  Not_ur_mami  CaptainDerk  bysontiller  Maskai_  Nordstroomm… 
How Apple may kill the smartphone in 10 years: Gene Munster - Fox Business 
Shaggy - You Lied On | Droid:| iOS:
📷 laurenjaureguisource: iTunes Google Play Amazon Shazam the song at least 3 times a day from anywhere.... 
reskinning   app  android
[Atlantic City] A wild Vaporeon appeared! Expires at 8:10 pm. 
[Wyndham Vale] Jolteon (M) (IV: 17% - CP: 1652) until 10:13:45AM at 262 McGrath Rd 
[Cheltenham] Lickitung (F) (IV: 31% - CP: 814) until 08:16:01PM at 923 Rowland Ave 
Google Chrome Gets Its Own Ad-Blocker Soon 
 PaulMyers360  SelbJim  rejialex7 Haha do what you have to do. I promise you I know what I'm talking about. You GOO… 
How should a Christian view climate change?
Every Christian and non-Christian should read this. 
So creepy how you google stuff and it ends up on your insta feed
 ABWright824  Greeneyesvzla72  LorenzoCastane3  get_it_on_777  Westxgal  DrMartyFox  SadiqKhan  MayorofLondon It's… 
 DoriCreates Listen effective music for motivation in  GooglePlay 


 basicwhiteM0m OMFG! Which idiot on foxnews was it? (I'm afraid to google in case I get alt-right cooties)
Google's Brotli Compression Format Nearing v1.0 
Is Google+ Still Useful? - 
NBoeing Pre-Draft Survey (Guards) 
 - Planning to do this for wings & bigs next. Name top 3 players in each category. 
Police arrest man at Heathrow Airport in Manchester Arena attack via 
[Round Lake Heights] Grimer, till 07:16:18pm. (29m 34s remaining) 
Weezing - till 08:16:32pm (29m 45s). Found at 102 Philip Aziz Ave (Medway) 
My favorite is when ppl tweet questions they could easily just look up on google like I rly admire that level of laziness and inefficiency
Chansey 24.4% (0/5/6/Pound/Hyper Beam) till 17:16:08 (29m 22s). lvl30+ CP:518 (L16) 
Playing video games could help young people succeed at university according to new study - 
 phenixpirate  IFL_My_Life lol whenever they do this crap I just skip their site and google "Honey Boo Boo 2017" or something similar.
 acacia_courtney  Gabby_Gaudet_  ronic17  jasonblewitt30
HD Final Brochure for MOUNTAINEER PARK 06/06/2017

 Singlemaltfiend Some proof last year but there was speculation earlier 

I totally didn't just google 'How to not suck at painting your nails'
Tim Hortons Franchisees Get Bum's Rush at Annual Meeting 
17th Annual Hancock County Peter Rabbit Tea | 
The 2017 AAAS Give Science a Voice shirts are now available! Sign up today:
 ride4science
A 'great debt unwind' has begun 
London: Football fan shouted 'F*** you, I’m Millwall' and took on knife-wielding terrorists with his bare fists 
porn for google phone 
Signet says its newly promoted chief operations officer has resigned 
Tea time with Fancy Nancy | 
I liked a  YouTube video Introducing Pixel, Phone by Google
Reality Winner's Facebook page fills with rage - Washington Times 
Google Maps on Mobile Sitelinks - Google currently indicates AMP is one week away, register today!
Check out my new album "De Donde Vienen Tus Ojos" distributed by  DistroKid and live on Google Play! 
Stressed tea estates want to use a portion of land for other purposes | 
use Google Voice - you can block numbers and delete messages without having to 'listen'   TYTLive
RSA: Chansey 53.3% (14/8/2/Pound/Dazzling Gleam) till 17:16:03 (29m 25s).
lvl30+ CP:1003 (L25)

Argo Tea and Walgreens Collaborate with ChariTEA to Support 'Stupid Cancer' Non-Profit | 
 navSOneet I'm Indian. I'm not wearing a costume. When non Indians do it, it's called appropriation. Google it.
Solar-Powered LED Landscape Edging Set 
 ABWright824  DrMartyFox  SadiqKhan It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
Wow..... AVG just stealth-installed Google Chrome under a 'close this popup' window. Not good, AVG, not good, Google Chrome.
Symantec Patent Protects Torrent Users Against Malware - TorrentFreak  G
Which restaurants make Columbia's best iced tea? | 
Terror and political division in the UK: Is property still a savvy investment? 
 socialmedia Orlando City SC condemns fan's social media post targeting a referee 
Theatre Review: The Eulogists takes politics to performance 
 socialmedia Valdosta woman arrested following social media threats 
Corbyn at the hustings: For the many, not the few 
 rogoway looks like physical infrastructure barriers (running cable) resp for Google pivot of sorts, now going for density wins.
Make time for tea as The Rosemary Foundation celebrates silver jubilee | 
[Ormond]Snorlax ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (29m 37s) Until 08:16:09pm. 
Our Don Froylan queso order arrives tomorrow. 
nec technologies takes major step in the field of big data analytics  DataAnalytics
Sadiq Khan was at a conference with London Bridge killer's friend via 
English tea and fashion show featured at Sno-Valley Senior Center | 
Stocks Down, But Analog Devices Up; Should You Sell These 5 Leaders Now? 
Cramer's lightning round: You're playing with fire with this heavily shorted stock 
Harvest for Kids community initiative to provide meals to children in August 
Drinking herbal tea may make you lose touch with reality | 
girl, can tell you a lot more than I can. 
Ministry: Digital health database to make research more efficient  DigitalHealth
Two digital health startups mark milestones to simplify medication orders  DigitalHealth
AO World's impatient investors expect more than tea and sympathy | 
[unknown] 36% (7/8/1) Exeggutor ♀ (Lvl: 4, CP: 279, Bullet Seed/Psychic) 'til 08:15:44pm (29m 18s). 
 LoveCescMagic Heh most of the wild shit about the current Labour executive class is available on Google search.
I liked a  YouTube video Lawrence M. Krauss: "The Greatest Story Ever Told...So Far" | Talks at Google
 Justfor_RM [INA GO] Rap Monster BDAY PROJECT ⭐️JUST FOR YOU⭐️ by  Justfor_RM 

From 180.000/BLM EMS

Details👇👇… 
Connecticut House Debates but Doesn't Vote on Marijuana Bill 
The Denver Post's marijuana editor campaigned to get rid of drug testing at the paper 
Tea farmers in talks over management of Sh25 million | 
Good... Luck... Good on Google for making the attempt to reach out, at least. 
Video: Watch a Self-Driving Vehicle Navigate a City in Singapore 
ING Groep NV (ING) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at ValuEngine  Google Finance  INGA.NL  All Finance  FTSE 100 
Lyft Plans Self-Driving Car Experiment in Boston 
This Woman Shared An Iced Tea Hack That's Either Really Genius, Really Excessive, Or All Of The ... |… 
Apple Turns Up Speakers, AR - EE Times 
 ArtDesigns Arabian influences inspire American University of Dubai students' design project 
I google EVERYTHING. My answer to most questions are "google it" lol
Memoir News: Musings of a Cancer Memoirist - In this first post, I'll be providing an overview of things one sh... 
Tea time at West Middle School in Brockton | 
[Mill Ridge] 80% (11/15/10) Dratini ♀ (Lvl: 27, CP: 627, Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) 'til 08:15:31pm (29m 10s). 
It took me 07 : 25 to assemble this puzzle! Try to make it faster with Jigsaw Puzzles World right now!… 
Google search suggestions getting weirdly ominous. No I did not mean "ways to surrender to robot overlords," I just want a pudding recipe.
Porygon - till 08:15:52pm (29m 32s). Found at 7 Parkdale Crescent (North London) 
Review: High tea at Mona Vale Pantry, Christchurch | 
 camping Peters Joins MDM Motorsports for NASCAR Camping World Truck Series Event at Texas 99 Metabo Chevrolet... 
Drinking Tea Can Turn Genes On or Off in Women | 
 camping 5 Tips For Camping With A Baby Just because you have a new addition to the family, doesn't mean you... 
 Herbiv4  RMCAdelBlue  Telegraph  UKLabour Did you know Khan campaigned to let a black American famed for wanting a… 
Take a coffee or tea break to protect your liver | 
Mickey Harmon's Live Mural Illustration   Angelica Tea Room | 
 ffaaccttt Partridge Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English
 2003 negaholic noun a… 
 neuroscientist1  mitchellvii  BreitbartNews  KTHopkins It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
Late to tea: Making up for missed sips | 
I've just scored 55 spins in this new  FidgetSpinner game! Can you beat me?
Hot 
Google launches Interland online game to teach kids how to be ‘internet awesome’ 
Reality Winner: NSA contractor and environmentalist repulsed by Trump 
 intannovizar eh no la, this pic is from google, not mine hehe
Slow Let's try the most famous free-to-play dating sim　
Redwood Park: Jumpluff ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:14:20 (28m 8s) 
Thursday is Comey's only public testimony, Burr says 
HELLO TRUSTED FRIENDS!
TBC For Real, Future & Live. 
THE ONLY ABUNDANCE BoeingSED CRYPTOCURRENCY

Call 2349024992273 now
Bellus Academy supports 'Cancer Survivors Beauty and Support Day' 
Real Weddings: Inside a quirky ceremony at a Kensington bar | 
A wild Lapras has appeared in Downtown! Available until 20:15:08 (28m 58s). 
8 Moms Admit the One Beauty Necessity They Won't Give Up 
Kat Von D Beauty's June Everlasting Flash Sale Brings A New Lip Trio 
➝MASAKI YODA Release on Google play music -High-  μουσική  Ιαπωνία  πληροφορίες
After drinking the St John's wort-laced tea, the man was diagnosed with schizophreniform | 
When is  Passport coming out please?  KaponoCarmela  
 DavidKucher  EcoSenseNow  NoTillBill  ColinJBettles  agriprof  agintegrity  CropLifeOZ  CoreyBlacksell… 
I wanted to Google The Beatles' Don't Let Me Down lyrics but I didn't type in the band name bcs DUH but the 1st page shows The Chainsmokers.
Unreal vr developer  VR
 PotroRob  andyserling  jsiegelracing  RedesDCampeones  HRRNenEspanol 
HD Final Brochure for MOUNTAINEER PARK 06/06/

Google Increases Critical Security Flaw Payout to  200000 – Go Android Apps (blog)  mobile
Federal and Provincial Governments Support Oxford House Society in Regina  gobagwesley
 markemoran  btcostello05  MrEggertsClass Here's a list of abt 160 primary source & public image databases from vet… 
Google - Is 'Google It' Enough To Drive Alphabet Revenue Growth? 
[Midtown Toronto] Lapras (M) (IV: 51% - CP: 332) until 08:12:03PM at 15 Strathearn Rd 
 1stresa Summer Institute  hgsisk had packed rooms w/ sessions on Google Keep & Certification.  SEMSMustangs is luc… 
[Margate City] A wild Blastoise appeared! Expires at 8:14 pm. 
[Ingleside] Wigglytuff, till 07:14:54pm. (28m 56s remaining) 
Google announced a news literacy program designed to help kids make smart decisions online. 
Londoners wanting to leave Tory Party dwarf those seeking to join, suggests Google search data - Evening Standard 
Great ways to lead in a digital environment using Google Classroom or Canvas.  DSTLeader
 
 p_marchione  girlsreallyrule Born in Canada does not equal natural born citizen of America. Google if unsure.
 Yoongi_Weon YTILVY (yo tambien i love you ahr google trqductor)
 pixelatedboat these people have never and will never google articles about the subjects they say we dont care about
I ran myself and  AllyStarleta 's poem through google translate (English - German) then had a text to speech program read it back to me.
Trans Players Rejected From  CSGO  Tournament - 
JWU Wrestling Camp Register Here: 
NDTV probe: Pvt banks fear debt resolution may be hit 
Women News: leave the fighting to the men - Is there a genuine need for India to increase the strength of women... 
Goodnight  StyggeUlven  879P 
 MenaGP1226  ponygal1986 
 berskisolo  MacheteGirl000 
 StarWarsJournal  Scifilife1
 MHSReadingBuzz Hey Google Forms are a valuable versatile tool.
 CHlCKENTENDIES It has no cholesterol in it Just read up before you… 
 RevolutnPolitic  ScaliaLawSchool  WesMart64768481  thibbye  tombstone19391  occasionatheist  raiderman108  melmcq1… 
Lil One - They Call Him Lil One Android App: 
Visualistan: Bluetooth VS. NFC  infographic: google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1837596250745322… 
 SteveSGoddard  guardian Arctic turns green as sea ice melts to record low levels

In the long run this may be vitally important- 
Re: tent-cities more fun than internment camps

 defango  KimDotcom
 hrenee80  POTUS It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
Snorlax♂ 28m 50s until 07:14:42   Unnamed Road. 
How the Trump-Russia Data Machine Games Google to Fool Americans via  pastemagazine

Now easy to copy and share popular tags from categories : 

- Animals
- Electronics
- Fami… 
[Oviedo] Meganium (?%) (?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (25m 5s) Until 08:10:55pm. 
When did I become google
73 Years Ago Men Stormed The Beach For Our Civilization's Existence, But Google Doesn't Care 
[unknown] A Wild Grimer ♀ is available 'til 08:15:03pm (29m 16s). 
 NorthStand1994 Google it to know كس امك
[Highland Park] Wigglytuff, till 07:14:48pm. (29m 6s remaining) 
 v_mccallum  genwomenglobal  LeanInBelfast Get info on Google on edie fraser then go to STEMConnector and do homewo… 
 Jaye590413 It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
Rhydon ?%(?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (28m 46s) Until 08:14:33pm. 
Charmander!  Until 17:14:58 (29m 17s). 
 TimeformUSfigs  leedavis303  josegaroffalo  DRFRampellini  alett15 
HD Final Brochure for MOUNTAINEER PARK 06/06/17

[PKMN] Jolteon ?CP* (unknown/unknown)* [A?/D?/S?]* until 16:56:43 *for 30+ 
Now Playing 2B! New Love - - Armaan Aasuon mein.mp3 on 2B Radio!  get APP iOS - - Android - 
. AR: Apple's ARKit brings Augmented Reality capabilities to hundreds of millions of devices. 
 jamreilly57  zappamel  NeelenA_D  jacknapier801 Rob skiba and michael heiser have good content on this. Google sea… 
Ursaring available until 07:11:30pm (25m 59s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
NCAA baseball super regionals will feature history and rivalry  LongBeach
One of three Malaysia's Last Sumatran Rhino's Dies at 20 
'Smash Bros.' player busts his foot up after celebration goes too far 
Women News Wednesday's business agenda - Join entrepreneurs from Women Entrepreneurs Boston (WEBOS) at an event... 
President Trump's right. Privatize air traffic control. 
What the Tech? Google Street View turns 10 
Our okay google heard the okay google on the tv and it started answering the question..
 TYTlive You can block them if you have a Google phone with ProjectFi.
These expanded  Google text ads are  amazing.  MarketingSolutions 
'Mummy' Director Reveals 2 New Titles in Universal's Dark Universe - Hollywood Reporter

Hollywood Reporter

'Mumm… 
[unknown] 33% (7/4/4) Tangela ♀ (Lvl: 23, CP: 1305, Infestation/Grass Knot) 'til 08:14:02pm (28m 34s). 
Nexus 6P Leather Sleeve | CHARACTER | |  GoogleNexus6P  Nexus6P  Nexus6PSleeve  Nexus6PCover  Nexus6PLeather
Tips and Tricks to lose weight! 
 NP on Africa's  1 Rap & Grime - Only Radio |  Skwatta_Kamp - Hey | app: 
OK Google, why is K the hotkey for "Play" on Youtube?
 TKarrde23 twitter is more reliable than google
Do you play android games....?  puzzle  androidgames  ball  fun  Nougat  Nokia June 07, 2017 at 05:15AM
Phanpy in North Myrtle until: 08:15:08pm (29m 45s). 
GrowthHackerSEO:  Domains Strategies for  SEO based on how  Google works 
Google Nexus 6P Leather Sleeve | PURPLE LEAF | |  Nexus6P  Nexus6  Nexus6PSleeve  Nexus6PLeather  Nexus6PCase
Master class for Web Designers: Using Google Analytics to grow your business: 
with surprise and inventive imagery Kabir's poems resonate with praise for true guru.  Download to know more 
Let me s*ck you dry!, join ➤  kik  camgirl  cammodel  cam 
 retailer - 18 tools to plan & analyze your digital marketing programs on your android tablets & phones… 
 BanderEstrada  SpartanBlem  RectifyGaming Xbox is also about the games, I believe my friend you may of been I'll a… 
Good timing, Google. 
Podcasts In Google Play Is The New Podcasts In Spotify. 
++Have you used the Airship Ambassador Local  Steampunk Groups World Map? 
Meet new people, chat, find your soulmate, flirt! ♥  chat  webcam  snapchat  videochat… 
Virtual  decor unique  artisan  lighting  furn  interiordesign Apple: Android: 
If You Want to View Documents in Chrome, You Need This! 
Acer Leap Ware Smartwatch Passes Through The FCC  iot
You can already buy Apple’s external MacBook GPU, provided you’re a developer  downloader  androidapps
 VR  VirtualReality Bringing Fun & Whimsey Into Your Home with ‘Woorld’, Winner of Google Play’s ‘Best AR Experien… 
How does Apple's HomePod compare to cheaper options from Amazon and Sonos? - The Verge 
HOROSCOPE MAHJONG
Download from Google Play:

We would love to hear from you and have your review.  pensacola
Google Plus stdll exizts.
Google Analytics tells me only 11.7% of our listeners are women. With guests like  gingerwondermom how is this poss? 
Rank page 1 of  google using video. Find out how today!  marketing  youtube 


How to Add Google Drive to Windows Send To menu  Google  googledrive  windows  drive  howto  cloudcomputing
Traffic generator, drive real human traffic to your website or blog! | Google SEO | Online Jobs | Amazon Prime…
  Google  Local Panels Now Rolling Out Tab User Interface?
Skarmory Available until 19:13:21 (28m 7s). 
Major C&I - such as Apple, Facebook, and Google - remain committed to the  ParisAgreement & sustainability. 
 Apple  HomePod vs.  Amazon Echo vs.  Google  Home: Smart Speaker Showdown 
 Google: How to Create Better Meta Descriptions - Search Engine Journal
 SEO 

Hull City join the race for in demand 30-year-old Spanish striker  hullfc
 GomerP6699 It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
Cyndaquil 86.7% (13/15/11/Ember/Flame Charge) till 17:13:26 (28m 20s).
lvl30+ CP:434 (L19)

Make your religion part of every second of your life. 
Google Nexus 6 Leather Sleeve | 2COLORED | |  Nexus6  Nexus6Sleeve  Nexus6Cover  Nexus6Case  Nexus6Leather
 kittysull1  AnasSarwar And  kezdugdale ....right??? 
How to Use Google’s Crawl Budget to Boost Your Site’s SEO via  neilpatel
[Lincolnshire] Quilava, till 07:14:03pm. (29m 5s remaining) 
Getting ready for  5thchat ?? Please do! See you in 15 minutes!
 Google updates  YouTube creator guidelines for ad-friendly content by  GinnyMarvin 
All Seniors if you wouldn't mind writing how you feel about graduating in five words, I would greatly appreciate it 
Why no doodle commemorating D-Day today  Google? You commemorate everything else!
 GoogleisCommunist  Fascism 
CUP: Hitmonchan 91.1% (14/15/12/Bullet Punch/Ice Punch) till 17:13:56 (28m 57s).
lvl30+ CP:1413 (L24)

 ilovechanhun i ran a google search "soldier uniform" and found that the gestapo uniform is in the top images...
HD Final Brochure for MOUNTAINEER PARK 06/06/2017
Folleto HD actualizado para Mountaineer Park Martes 06 Junio '17

 zaizenaoi OOH YE !! actual conversations i wouldnt dare use google translate to talk in
 bsideblog just listened to your ep of MMISWP. I grew up with a Karl Cook. He is now dating Kaley Cuoco.  
California and China partner on  CleanEnergy tech 
Google Pixel Review: Life after Nexus 
 6dequeso Localicer &35*%*&5:5-:4**(*4-%€5 SEBIN google maps, latitude &&€€*((;&&; ° ¥   }{[] longitude.sfhft4&€[  … 
[Mundelein] Forretress, till 07:14:21pm. (29m 38s remaining) 
Now playing on  kissradyo : Deepjack Andrey Keyton Irina Gi - Give It Back (Original Mix)  24 Saat Hit Müzik
Retweeted Donnie Piercey ( mrpiercEy):

Teaching why, not how: My takeaways from Google’s certification training:... 

verizon 5g spectrum........... bvtk

connect the dots.   bvtk
Mandy Oertel completed the achievement and received rewards Detective (Level 3)! 
[unknown] 42% (6/0/13) Tangela ♀ (Lvl: 5, CP: 272, Infestation/Sludge Bomb) 'til 08:13:34pm (28m 56s). 
[unknown] 16% (2/4/1) Tangela ♂ (Lvl: 4, CP: 200, Infestation/Grass Knot) 'til 08:11:02pm (26m 24s). 
 SEO  Copywriting for  Google and Humans via  AlexaInternet
UN commander in C. Africa wants Congo peacekeepers to leave  PKO
UN Peacekeepers Perform Welcome Ceremony  PKO
Ursaring  in Cherry Grove until: 08:13:07pm (28m 32s). 
Russian Hacking Threatens Lithuania's Banks: Survey - U.S. News & World Report 
 HowTo How to fix a constantly running toilet: House in Progress 
 HowTo How to Understand Kushner's 'Back-Channel' 
 HowTo Hollywood Under Cyberattack: How to Defend Against the Big Hack (Guest Column) 
 boring_as_heck  pixelatedboat "Now imagine the Uber-Google Shared Urban Transport, but... much smaller and tailore… 
 HowTo How to get the county to clear storm drains on your street to help prevent flooding 
Wife: asks google how to kill tape worms in yard
Me: ask  jimkong for a ICBM missle to kill back yard 
 PatMcAfeeShow  barstoolsports
Khotin - Fever Loop  NowPlaying  6music
 HowTo How to mix the perfect Old Fashioned drink (video, poll) 
Ok Google.. 📱🔊
 HowTo How to create awesome long exposure photos 
Two cheers for Google’s native Chrome ad-blocker via  InfoSecHotSpot 
Nothin better than google maps saying "east pass-a-nick avenue"
Mandy Oertel reached new skill level in exploring the picture "Captain's Cabin"! 
Flame Chord Machine 2 Quantized Chord Run  Eurorack  Flame  synd
I hate when offline work in Google Documents fails to sync fully so I lose work :-( Tried to rebuild stuff - 
Senate Dems to GOP: Let's fix Obamacare together! Call your Senators  SaveTheACA  SaveMedicaid NO OBoeingMACARE REPEAL 
Red Waldorf Q+ Keyboard Synthesizer with Q-card and flight case  Auctions  ebay  synd  Waldorf
Hey  OpenMicSeattle I've made a Google Map with all of your open mics:  openmic  seattlemusic  useful
New AMSynths AM8144 "Fat Keys" VCF SSI2144 Based Eurorack Filter  AMSynths  Eurorack  new  New_in_2017  New_Modules
Why can't see cam under Chrome? How to fix? 
The Daily Beast: Bill Maher Escapes Unscathed From N-Word Controversy. R we afraid of words? Fucking please
 Ketsuki_WoW As long as you don't touch the google styled page. It's all good. 👍
Reaffirmed: Callaway Golf (NYSE:ELY) “Buy” Rating Reconfirmed at Jefferies;  17.0000 Target in ... 
Northwest Division responding to '41/20 - Robbery - In Progress' at 2000 blk W Northwest Hwy | Beat 533 | | 18:33
 NowPlaying Big Mucci - Birthday Slide
(Android App) (Apple App) 
 abs_inthefairy That's one of many, but if you google Sensory Processing Disorder + Sleep, there's loads of stuff.… 
 wakeywhite  Connor1875  britainelects  OpiniumResearch Google it pal I'm not here to read the news for you,you should know this shit
At Oklahoma cemetery, American flags seen thrown in pile, tossed in trash bin | Fox News 
[Sebastian/Wabasso]Snorlax ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (29m 39s) Until 08:13:52pm. 
Checkout Twig, the lock screen app that rewards u Use my invite code, 7LAXS get 1300 points to redeem rewards u want 
i was trying to explain abt ace discourse to someone and wanted help but google just 
 peddoc63  yonascode It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
 its_groyper  theenixsquared Fuck  Google
 sydney_dyslexia  annemarieSLP Tell  TxChoices about the camel milk.  autism  dyslexia
 ITSecureGamer Bringing Fun & Whimsey Into Your Home with ‘Woorld’, Winner of Google Play’s…… 
[Palatine] Onix, till 07:09:00pm. (24m 54s remaining) 
When your dedicated android/google fanatic friend sends you an iMessage... 
 DavidHarris707  ABC Already in the stack for tomorrow. Thank you! I think he went home to a pea hen that swallowed… 
Delhi's ace cop turns leader of ATM-robbing gang - Times of India  wnn7… 
[Wheeling] Jolteon, till 07:11:23pm. (27m 20s remaining) 
[Altona Meadows] Lapras (M) (IV: 57% - CP: 818) until 10:12:11AM at 164 Central Ave 
[Milliken] Forretress (F)  until 08:11:39PM at 85 Silver Springs Blvd 
[Tanglin] Blastoise (M) (IV: 37% - CP: 346) until 08:11:53AM at 1H Cluny Rd 
 runodamill  JamieMoranUK That's not what this is about. If that were it then it would be on cellphones. App Store, google play.
Dratini until 08:07 (23m 34s). 7.7km SE of downtown. 
Happy Birthday from Google!  GoogleDoodle
 AgeOfMyself Google Justice League reshoots London and you tell me.
Skarmory  Available until 19:13:46 (29m 42s). 
Yeah! strolling through Barcelona, had my head on a swivel.  My taste buds on overload, couldn't get enough. 
 WhiteHouse  POTUS This is the worst family in the whole country

Canada announces 'Trudeau Doctrine' that ignores Trump and strengthens NATO | Raw Story 
 lie_sheet_steel Watch YouTube TV on mobile, computers, and TVs w/ Google Chromecast & Chromecast built-in TVs! Lea… 
🚨new episode!🚨 Reunited Pt. 2! 2 Live and Pod in L.A. ft.  IamBlackFase/ my_definisean  2LnPnLA  PodsInColor  Google 
70% of the NFL is Black men. (
I Don't Need GoogleE Coffee Mug (personalized gift mug) Funny Add any Name 
[Arlington Heights] Lapras 33% 988cp, till 07:12:10pm. (28m 28s remaining) (Water Gun/Blizzard, 1/2/12) 
"..........bUT tHe eMAiLs!!!!!! 😱😱😱"

Gastly 26.7% (0/9/3/Lick/Night Shade) till 17:12:16 (28m 31s).
lvl30+ CP:36 (L2)

 HTML5 Web Browser Biometric Fingerprint Authentication Software Source Code in  PHP,  ASP,  JSP,  Perl,  Python  

Goodnight  amyyymarie13 
 gokugirl  mrjafri  LoriOrgana 
 TheLeslieMommy  Gillster37 
 wesjanson99  DarthMistress
[CopperLeaf] 47% (7/11/3) Tangela ♀ (Lvl: 22, CP: 1264, Vine Whip/Grass Knot) 'til 08:43:23pm (59m 40s). 
Volunteer 4 Plaid Goat & get  xactnutrition samples, 60 days of 50% discounting on DISCO packs + more! Sign up here… 
 jugheadjonesing Hi there! We'd love to help! Please reach out to us directly here: 
 Lori1981Ann1  PrisonPlanet  ForeverAMarine It's not true. He didn't defend him. Google it.
Mareep in North Myrtle until: 08:12:52pm (29m 12s). 
Commentary: Why do companies need to seek consent when your data is available everywhere?  BigData
Thanks, Christopher Morrell, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Thanks, LINDA MONICA, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Thanks, Chris Kuhlman, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Global Payments Inc. Common Sto (NYSE:GPN) Trading Up – Insider Trading Activity  Payments
Classmates fundraising for father of 3, nursing student slain in random knife attack  fundraising
Google Forms a teacher/student connection via  YouTube  barrstaff
Humane society finishes 6th in fundraising challenge  fundraising
abc Corp is very real .. ain't it cool? 
 JolenesTrailer  nsa Not real at all, but i can google☺️
I've got a google doc filled with like two days worth of reading and listening for when I eventually play Nier Automata.
(?% ?/?/?, unknown / unknown) ♂ Totodile appeared! Expires: 20:10:30 (26m 47s). 
Elon Musk claims AI will be able to beat humans at EVERYTHING by 2030 (and admits he goes ... 
Elon Musk wants to make it easier for city dwellers to own Teslas 
Elon Musk says Tesla is 'on its way' to lowering employees' injury rate 
Elon Musk Revealed When the Tesla Model Y Will "Hit the Roads" 
Tesla Model 3 configurator is going online in 'late July' with very few options at first, says Elon Musk 
Futures: Musk Lifts Tesla Late; FANG Breeze Trumps Retail Storm 
Phiendish phisher gets phive years in phederal for  2m airline phraud  news
Elon Musk just revealed an important detail about Tesla's upcoming electric semi-truck 
[Mundelein] Graveler, till 07:13:03pm. (29m 42s remaining) 
Musician says United Airlines agent 'attacked' her, tried to grab 17th-century violin  news
Gmail 7.5.21.158049789.release by Google Inc. 
Musk teases September semi truck event surprises, music playlist tech 
 paulisci This was a pretty high result when Google Image Searching Corbyn Dallas.

That is all. 
 EcoSenseNow  denniallen  NoTillBill  ColinJBettles  agriprof  agintegrity  CropLifeOZ  CoreyBlacksell  AdamBlight1… 
New video by Mary Bermudez 
Musk cites Model X design thinking “mistake” informing Model Y plan 
[unknown] 64% (15/8/6) Tangela ♀ (Lvl: 5, CP: 283, Vine Whip/Grass Knot) 'til 08:12:52pm (29m 29s). 
🌿🔵 DOG. DOING COPPER 🔵🌿 
 google Cloud Vision API: vision.detectText() does not accept a google drive v3 URI
 Tech  Internet  Question  How… 
Tesla is 'definitely' on track to begin Model 3 production next month, Elon Musk says 
 DetroitPistons  GoPistons  Forum Pistons News: Justin Jackson after Pistons workout: 'Wasn't ready' for NBoeing u.. 
Tesla releases first Model Y teaser image 
[unknown] 44% (6/10/4) Dratini ♂ (Lvl: 2, CP: 32, Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) 'til 08:11:21pm (28m 0s). 
Can you hack Android? Google will pay you  200,000 if you can find a way 
New York.- Environment minister Francisco Dominguez on Tuesday urged… |  Follow  MrKoolodo
TeeSpring for  Designer  for  Spring  &   SUMMER  HOT  T shirt  internet-Design to Sell Your  Tshirt   Funded… 
How does Apple's HomePod compare to cheaper options from Amazon and Sonos? - The Verge  Apple
Behind-the-Scenes from  CavsWarriors Game 3 Practice - 
 Senate Opening Statement of Sen. Leahy on 2018 Budget for the Department of Education  SenatorLeahy
Haiti - News : Zapping... A young doctor shot dead – Petit-Goâve… |  Follow  MrKoolodo
 A_AlAthbah No. This one is from an American city just before a tornado warning. Google that image. You will know😂😂😂😂😂
Seen while exploring the subways under Moscow...

 80Stays  rcmemories  AirNZPhotoContest  InterFl… 
[WL] Dragonair, IV:? CP:?, MV:?, ?, til 07:11:46pm (28m 32s)   1201 Lake Robbins Dr 
 BUSQXETS1 Google & see his achievements. Cba to continue this conversation any longer
Google Chrome patches 30 vulnerabilities  linux 
Can some please explain to me the difference between using Google takeout to download you Drive files and downloading directly in Drive?
 WeLoveLA  NHLDucks Sam Carrick Signs Two Year Contract With Anaheim  SportsRoadhouse
Acer Leap Ware Smartwatch Passes Through The FCC 
Brenda white dispelled the anomaly! Mystic Smoke! 
 GoCity USL Eastern Conference Best XI - Week 11  SportsRoadhouse
 WeLoveLA  NHLDucks Ducks re-sign pending UFA Carrick  SportsRoadhouse
 OrlandoCitySC USL Eastern Conference Best XI - Week 11  SportsRoadhouse
 4xchat  Forex technical update: USDJPY tests the target support level 
Larvitar ?%(?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (59m 4s) Until 08:42:19pm. 
 4xchat  Egypt's Forex Reserves Surpass Nigeria for First Time in Six Years: Chart 
 4xchat  FOREX-Dollar dips vs yen as investors turn cautious 
Reality Winner's Facebook page fills with rage - Washington Times  Facebook  SocialMedia
 4xchat  ZAR Forex Report: Expecting volatility 
Time without smoking: 3 hours 45m
Food is so freaking good must
 /Activate Hephzibah821/   7:00 pm  AAH2017  thatway

 4xchat  FOREX-Yen surges as US yields fall, pre-UK election, ECB nerves 
 NHLDucks  NHLDucks Sam Carrick Signs Two Year Contract With Anaheim  SportsRoadhouse
 NHLDucks  NHLDucks Ducks re-sign pending UFA Carrick  SportsRoadhouse
HuffPost: Democrats Have A Growing Edge Over GOP In Party Affiliation. 
Posting the mix online tonight. iTunes, Soundcloud & Google Play! 
 jmykytiuk  CAN_J_mor I will do more f2trainings. Checkout More videos will be created and… 
 IndyCar Dallara to Manufacture INDYCAR Bodywork Kits  IndyCar
Marshawn Lynch Says Finding out Raiders Leaving Oakland Sparked NFL Comeback

 IndyCar IndyCar's Will Power looks for another strong start on Texas' new surface  IndyCar
Fox hires former NFL officiating chief Blandino as analyst

Download SUP 
Has Google made the first step toward general AI? via  LondonEconomic
 NowPlayingOnXIVFM BCG - Whippin' it 
 XIVFM Disponible sur App Store! & Google Play!

Facebook introduces new Android TV app, only allows you to watch videos  Facebook  android  app go to 
[Westside] Snorlax (M) (IV: 33% - CP: 1823) until 07:00:01PM at 13210 Brookside Dr 
The top iPhone and iPad apps on App Store  Facebook  android  app go to 
Apple's Business Chat plans to take on WhatsApp, Skype, and Facebook Messenger  Facebook  android  app go to 
Reactions on posts now available on Facebook Beta for Windows 10 finally  Facebook  android  app go to 
Cool Apps for Communication  Facebook  android  app go to 
Average consumers need to wake up about  netneutrality before it's too late.  mozilla  Wikimedia  reddit and  google can only help so much.
If Google can not discover the answer its not a true question.
Your New Shrink Is Only a Facebook Message Away with Stanford's New Chatbot  Facebook  android  app go to 
When you google Rudy Gay, this is the first image on the landing page. 
Registration is now open for our 1st ever scavenger hunt! Registration is limited so act fast! 
umm google, that is NOT what I asked... WOW 
Nevada's legislature just passed a radical plan to let anybody sign up for Medicaid. 
Use This Capacity Matrix to Prepare for the Google Certified Educator Exam!  googlepdweek via  ShakeUpLearning
 pppatticake I somehow came up this article and it, especially the last paragraph, reminded me of this exchange 
Mandy Oertel dispelled the anomaly! Ghostly Mirror! 
 lthumann Another Level 1 Certified Google Educator  GooglePDWeek  EdTechTeam
Uber Fires 20 Employees After Sexual Harassment Claim Investigation Ride-hailing firm Uber has fired about 20 of i…
 Missin_Steph Throw the whole dog away 🤷🏽‍♀️ sike sike sike idk I'm still on google 😩
Uber Dismisses Over 20 Employees After Law Firm's Probe Uber has fired more than 20 employees after a law firm inv…
Sick of trying to get ranked in Google? Pinterest may be your answer 👍
i think i'm gonna make a google doc for this voices thing lsjdlfjsdf--
 SavageJHenry  bakedalaska Here this should keep you busy 
Uber Hires Apple Music Marketer Bozoma Saint John Uber has made another high-profile hire at a time when its brand…
Do you mean like this?  KaponoCarmela 
Uber Eats: couple who ordered pizza get part-eaten, mouldy sandwiches Uber has said it is investigating after a To…
 proofpoint data shows 55% of credential phishing lures appear from Apple, Google, and MSFT. 
Perkins Coie lawyer Bobbie Wilson on Uber firings: “We were very dogged” in investigating ... The law firm was hir…
BMW M3 | BMW wallpapers and HD images | Free Car Wallpaper…: google_ad_client = "ca-pub… 
Uber fires more than 20 amid sexual harassment probe Uber Technologies has fired more than 20 people after an inte…
【Boy doll box!】　 Boydollbox! 
【iOS】【Android】
 HYupdates Please follow this rule to help streaming  
streaming by List can't be counted effectively
Uber to launch service in Salem Uber will launch for the second time in Salem on Wednesday morning, this time with…
[Lincolnshire] Dratini 33% 54cp, till 07:11:40pm. (29m 0s remaining) (Dragon Breath/Wrap, 9/1/5) 
 mrthurm We're 1:1 now. I think Google Sheets would work great for that! I've only ever had them create puzzles on graph paper.
cat vader on star cat !!!!!  startwar 
 Dana_J_Brooks  mbswoods Yes! Google Hangouts are great for studying together. Hope you can make it work.  GooglePDWeek  edtechteam
Dimond: Togetic ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:10:35 (27m 56s) 
The Big Money Rush: Big Money!!!
 chrislhayes Extreme vetting wouldn't be a problem. Simple google search...
Fashion Paparazzi Love Ivanka's  35 Target Dress - Breitbart News

Breitbart News

Fashion Paparazzi Love Ivanka's… 
Exploited Moms is on  GooglePlus! Come on over and circle us! 
 Jets  TeenChoice Google

 Rehthea the Alien Queen is battling in  Friday13thGame  Join the hive mind Fun matrix! 
Around Downtown Santa Brought you a ?% Lapras it has (28m 41s) Please check map for cp 
Xi Jinping and Jerry Brown of California Meet to Discuss Climate Change - 
 transdenki YEAH I UNDERSTAND i usually would like do google translate then check in a dictionary or something www for words
Google didn't even honor Dday in their search home page  epicfail
Oh whoops Cliud Spanner just went GA.  Tremble other databases... 
 internetmarketing GURU Product Blueprints-Info Product Making & Marketing Review 
 internetmarketing Digital marketing firm at home in Scottsdale space, looks foster tech here, grow in tech hubs, … 
Dratini until 08:12 (29m 39s). 6.2km SE of downtown. 
 internetmarketing The Advantages of Buying Usage Based Auto Insurance 
<b>DC</b> bars to hold James Comey watch parties: Shaw's Tavern in Washington, D.C., is set… 
Motor Vehicle Incident - A008 - Milam - Hadley St - 18:27 - 
[Lake Forest] Venusaur 31% 171cp, till 07:09:52pm. (27m 36s remaining) (Vine Whip/Petal Blizzard, 2/4/8) 
Turn to google for the answer - 
 astral_alley ohh i understand, i used to have to use google translate to speak english and it was very hard and frustrating
 AnasSarwar Grrrr  FakeAngry - talk about  Labia 
Now playing LIL LAMIN - LORD KNOWS dl the app google play & ios be apart of the movement
Google Releases Chrome 59  Facebook  android  app go to 
 MaryAnn84  thelpfn  leepaceitaly1  Crusegirl  CharlotteHoeks1  joylight62  wumidaphne66  weather_ginger… 
Strategies for  SEO based on how  Google works 
 tuppaware You can actually pull up your timeline on Google maps and see your every move. 
Lapras - ? (?/?/?) - Arlington Heights. 07:12:10pm (29m 57s). 
Fairfax: Venusaur ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:03:34 (21m 21s) 
Mareep available until 07:52:11pm (10m 3s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
 bilalr  HajjJulien  deenahsn No. This one is from an American city just before a tornado warning. Google that image. You will know
When you unintentionally figure out that Twitter has new hyperlink capabilities.  



cc:… 
Smoke Detector - E033 - Corder St - Grand Blvd - 18:38 - 
 BarryMurphy2  RobertCushing5  KTHopkins  UKLabour Parents of the extremists in the uk came here on Labours watch and quite freely.
Trump says he helped Saudis make Qatar decision - Los Angeles Times 
 DeepakChills  zonikhaan terrorrist oh really? Go check and search on google who has most bomb blast in 2017 idiot.
OK Google Not Working? Here Is How To Fix It  android  googlenow  guides  okgoogle  okaygoogle
Motor Vehicle Incident - L031 - Heights Blvd - W 19th St - 18:38 - 
Finalists  innovationlions at  Cannes_Lions: Apple recycling bot,  intel Lady Gaga drone show,  Google  tiltbrush 
US investigators think Qatar may have been hacked by Russians: Report 
When you have to google your friends birthdays... 😂
Acer Leap Ware Smartwatch Passes Through The FCC  Wearables  Smartwatch
text bloopers - Google Search 
Light Wire Down - E031 - Yale St - 18:39 - 
Trump says he helped Saudis make Qatar decision - via 
 OnThisDay in  history a slaver just sold a black person's friend. 
Arcadia overhauls  analytics-on- Hadoop engine with Google’s Material Design by  pgillin of  SiliconANGLE… 
Luxury living on the lake 
The Kentucky Symphony Orchestra Preps 23rd Summer Series in Covington's Devou Park 
Want to study in Canada? 
receive an application fee waiver, offer only till 15th June 2017.
Register now:… 
Oceanside: Snorlax ♂ TTH: 05:11:57pm [29m 54s] | 
Comedy RingTones & Funny Stickers:
 Tings  maddma  indiedev  app  indiegames plzRT 
Download BNB RADIO for your android device on Google Play Store      NowPlaying Iggy Azalea - Switch (feat. Anitta)
 NowPlaying on AOR Then and Now: Tradia - Let's Not Turn Love Away 
- Radio survey here : 
Stop to waste time and  earn a penny. It's time to make real  money! 
Bay Farm: Larvitar ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:05:06 (23m 7s) 
 USA  Google - We all want to know how we can collect Top Tier Traffic:

 TrademarkedMark  Etspivey  Mrkarlosuk  gsmith140  RobertKingston8  MMFlint It wasn't my math. Came right off FBI d… 
➝MASAKI YODA -Carrying The Future- on  Google play music  Song  tune  música  Japón  información
Google Jamboard:  mensgear  menslifestyle  mensfashion  menswear
 snugglingdove I GoogleE IT YES YOU ARE RIGHT
[Daytona]Snorlax ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (26m 52s) Until 08:08:44pm. 
Comedy RingTones & Funny Stickers:
 Tings  maddma  indiedev  android  gamedev plzRT 
[Stoneybrook Farm] A Wild Grimer ♂ is available 'til 08:08:13pm (26m 23s). 
Being such a loser that you have to google "dirty talk prompts"
How smart are Siri, Google Assistant, Cortana, and Alexa: CHART - Business Insider 
Jeremy Corbyn wants to take Angela Merkel to watch Arsenal via 
♩MASAKI YODA -Carrying The Future- on  Google play music  Song  tune  música  Japón  información
Thanks, Rita Allen, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Thanks, Twila Lytle, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
✔TWEETSHEET➡PETITIONS  koreandogs PART3✔
SIGN✏SHARE🔁TO STOP THE  DogMeatTrade  SouthKorea
➡
google search how to turn off peoples likes appearing on my dash im uncomfortable with this invasion
In the absence of leadership...  TuesdayThoughts  
I liked a  YouTube video GoogleE SABER!
 ColeBBCAN  StephenTries Google it
 TammyGeraldson  nytimes Yes, it's VERY real even in 2017. A Google search reveals a lot. Cases of kids in school i… 
Trump really is making America great again like he promised
Omanyte Available until 19:10:34 (28m 47s). 
First impressions of the new Google Sites 
 kalyndeclue So this is what comes up when I Google perfection. Lol
Stages® Indoor Cycling Announces Acquisition of VismoX Group Cycling Platform  cycling
Whoa, I spent 2 much time in mommy land"blogasphere" today just because I found a recipe I like by accident using Google search--Ugh  resist
 sirensspell_  fatxjack Im sure he had to google it too.
Google gets over 100 billion searches a month.  fact 
Bringing Fun & Whimsey Into Your Home with ‘Woorld’, Winner of Google Play’s ‘Best AR Exper… 
Comedy RingTones & Funny Stickers:
 Tings  maddma  indiedev  gamedev  indiegame plzRT 
 RADIO  80s  juice Now Playing  You're The Best Thing  The Style Council  APPS Apple Google 
Jumpluff - till 08:04:34pm (22m 59s). Found at 1200 Riverside Dr (Oakridge) 
 zaizenaoi ITS EVEN WORSE THAN GoogleE TRANSLATE PROBoeingBLY
Boba Fett Kachina Doll
❤ This is what I was
looking for!
i hope with my lame google translate japanese, my mutual knows i tried...
Amazing Beauty Products You’ll Wish You’d Known About Sooner Google it!
Google for all handmade soaps ? Tried,... 
Dratini - 64.4 (11/14/4) - Fox River Grove. 07:11:05pm (29m 34s). 
 LinkBuilding is the most important process to boost your website on  Google  SEOeStore 
Weight Loss Package Guide 
➞MASAKI YODA -Carrying The Future- on  Google play music  Song  tune  música  Japón  información
The SAGRADA FAMILIA, IN BoeingRCELONA.  I must admit the first picture is the entrance to Guell (Gaudi Park) I only... 
 BokuCat0205 not 100%, we need to use the school-provided google accounts for most of our classes, and also researc… 
The GOP wants to distract you with Reality Winner - She's actually a hero! 
Comedy RingTones & Funny Stickers:
 Tings  maddma  indiedev  android  indiegame plzRT 
The agenda for the June TYC summit :
Get your tickets to the summit here: 
Noam Chomsky 2017 - Talks at Google 
The Wall Street Journal (WSJ) stopped participating in a program this past February that allowed site visitors fro… 
The thing that is a cause of worry to most entrepreneurs is, how best to advertise your site and products to ensur… 
Christina Batalkina Thanks for the follow! Also follow/like and 
caught my brother running a google search for ' Utility bathroom '. i am beyond distraught.  we are strictly a Bing family
 jandrew62956555  XCrvene  cycleofthefates  chesspiercy  crankboy1965  wallstreeter43  ReplaceReligion  malo_j… 
"Watch me while I rugby tackle that ...  bag_of_weed!"
 Tings  maddma  indiedev  gaming  gamedev plzRT
Thanks, Eric Knisley, for your excellent review on Google  ReviewsToday 
Comey will stop short of saying Trump obstructed justice Obstruction by any other name  TrumpRussia  dirtyTrump 
💃 A-line skirt with fun pocket 🎨 Google Garage maker space ✂ Street style & more! 
DownloadAtoZ - More Apps than Google Play - CATS: Crash Arena Turbo Stars Hack and Cheats 
<b>Game of Thrones</b> Decided to Set Even More People on Fire This Season, Because Sure, Why Not: Recently, we… 
Csonka's WWE Raw Review 6.05.17 Bray Wyatt Talks: he claims tat he could have killed the beast and saved them all,…
LLBean Outdoor Discovery Schools Announces Adventure Travel Trips for 2017  adventuretravel  travelgeniereg  whatr…
"Landing is not so easy when you're holding a ...  map_of_Blackpool!"
 Tings  maddma  indiedev  gaming  indiegame
Considering as a replacement for youtube.  alphabit/google too political to be a stable platform for posting videos.
This poster says, Project manager and programmer must die.
News: NJ Transit bus driver killed in apparent murder-suicide -  TrutherBot  Bot
Now playing on  kissradyo : Croatia Squad - Back to Life (Short Edit)  24 Saat Hit Müzik
 Google to teach school kids about online safety, etiquette 
Technology Tips & Tricks Creating a Google Presentation 
▄Yuuko Hirose -DANCE with ME- on  Google play music  Song  tune  música  Japón  información
 Philbutler7  unoriginaldick_  SaganSirianni yes it will, we have made progress with google's legal issue
GR - A wild Dratini has appeared! Available until 20:10:55 (29m 47s). 
Devour  DevourUpp - Woke Up (Clean) Android App: 
❥Yuuko Hirose -DANCE with ME- on  Google play music  Song  tune  música  Japón  información
GR - A wild Ninetales has appeared! Available until 20:10:44 (29m 37s). 
... it's excellent for digital comic books and the Apple Pencil has seen the artistic… 
"The corner shop did a special offer on ...  exotic_ladies!"
 Tings  maddma  indiedev  indiegames  app plzRT
Pressure - Once Again On | Droid:| iOS:
fire - INGLIS ST  Between COLQUHOUN ST  and  WILLISON ST, NORTH DUMFRIES 
CMU and Google researchers used adversarial training strategies to teach a  Robot reliable grasping: by  BotJunkie
RSA: Eevee 95.6% (15/14/14/Quick Attack/Swift) till 17:09:53 (28m 49s).
lvl30+ CP:522 (L19)

(?% ?/?/?, unknown / unknown) ♂ Seadra appeared! Expires: 20:06:57 (25m 43s). 
[Ventnor City] A wild Gyarados appeared! Expires at 8:09 pm. 
[Upper Manhattan] Togetic (M) (IV: 62% - CP: 1030) until 08:05:55PM at 5141 Broadway 
 EdTech  Librarians  Google online game, 48-page iKeepSafe curriculum & resources to teach kids digital safety… 
☵Yuuko Hirose -DANCE with ME- on  Google play music  Song  tune  música  Japón  información
I'm earning  mPLUS Rewards with  WhereDaBunny !  app
11 steps to take to optimize your use of  Google  AdWords (infographic):  MProfsWire  LauraFWrites
No need for further comment  traitors 
Apologists for terror: Corbyn, McDonnell & Abbott via 
Join the Oakland Design League! We're hiring writers & designers to revamp digital services. Apply now  civictech
 imgoingtochel I had to look up smizing on Google 🤣
 FarahhRadzuann same2. google lah treatment R.I.C.E tu.
I'm proud to say I've never been that  Labia leader that changes her mind to keep her job -  WhitAFanny 
 cherpumpled I have no clue where those even are lol. I'll have to use google power!
 wastedwings  ChuckWendig No. Science said feathers. This is T-Rex to me now. 
 
➞Yuuko Hirose -DANCE with ME- on  Google play music  Song  tune  música  Japón  información
 SuperWiki *cough* 


We're just gonna wait him out...at the rate he's going he won't be there much longer 😉 🇨🇦 TrumpSucks
 HilarieBurton  JDMorgan Here's a link to buy 
 grmartin I see what you mean. Try wrestling ropes or turnbuckles. I'm sure you can't just use anything off google
 harlye_mendoza Google it
 NotSoros  nytimes it is legal for employers to discriminate against people with dreadlocks: 
Old Navy Base: Larvitar ?% (?/?/?) ?CP L? ? / ? until 17:09:31 (28m 41s) 
[Northbrook] Mareep 31% 361cp, till 07:08:22pm. (27m 36s remaining) (Tackle/Discharge, 5/9/0) 
'Mr. Robot' Cast Discusses Hacker Dra 
Trump jumps into worsening dispute between Qatar and powerful Arab bloc - Washin  
Key senators pass on reacting to Trump Qatar tweets 
google search "heterosexual explanation for chyler telling a girl to twirl so she could check out her ass" 
Google asking me if I want to watch  TraciHines  ummm yeah! 
06/06 19:38 / 570 Writers Way, CA / Unconscious (31B8) / MA11 / 045Y / EMS54
 McGuffieLad Hi Jeff! We've a better app for you. iPhone: or Android: You're welcome.  :)
06/06 19:38 / 570 Writers Way, CA / Unconscious (FUNCON) / -NO- / 045Y / MFE3 CARYFD FMA11
Snorlax - ? (?/?/?) - Barrington. 07:10:39pm (30m 0s). 
What a wonderful project: 

Google's new program to help kids safely and confidently explore the Internet. 


 Pyriscent Hi, if you feel that your account was taken down in error, you can appeal the decision. Here's how: 
 bonerman_inc  supsuphannah i had to google this to make sure you weren't making a joke. nope we don't have those either
Amazon Prime price lowered for some Americans - SlashGear  Google  News  Tech
Did Trump’s Attack on Qatar Endanger Fight Against ISIS? Country Hosts U.S.’ Biggest Middle East Military Base 
Pokemon Gold and Silver Coming to 3DS Virtual Console - IGN  Google  News  Tech
Interesting stats on Google searches for sex toys by  vouchercloud - NZ's ranked 30, lagging a bit behind AU at 10!… 
2017 National Speed Skating Championships - Online Entry Form (Google Docs) Available 
Siri, google hamster UFC
 Twitch  Stream  Gamers on Google News: Kiandymundi becomes a Twitch Partner - eSports News UK (press release) (bl… 
What is  Google  Play? The  new  Apple  iTunes rival! - 
Ah! Who's gonna pick Boba
up....I'm a bit busy! 😘
things like google translate often give a very. direct and literal translation or incorrect ones it's not ideal for use for conversation
 NowPlaying Johnnie Taylor - I Don't Wanna Lose You
(Android App) (Apple App) 
 RADIO  70s  juice Now Playing  Le Freak  Chic  APPS Apple Google 
Trump Is Celebrating the Meltdown of the U.S.’s Middle East Alliance on Twitter 
Web Designer/Front End Developer  webdesign
Vodafone tries to keep its ads away from fake news sites  advertising 
Halcón Glides Through Southern Delaware Basin In A&D 'Steals' 
The Mauldin Group Web Design + Internet Marketing  webdesign
Google Increases Critical Security Flaw Payout to  200000 – Go Android Apps (blog) 
Web Design Greeley,CO  webdesign
My iPad 3's too old for FileMaker Go 16. Sad. But app opened right up in Safari on iPad with WebDirect with Google OAuth. Go  FileMaker!
How Combining SEO and Web Design Can Boost Your Marketing Efforts  webdesign
Brazil's Independent Oil Companies Target Growth With Upcoming Auctions 
Dbs Consulting  webdesign
The Best 10 Web Design near Oasis Wine Lounge in Pleasanton, CA  webdesign
Google Home, Alexa and Apple Speaker... this is nothing new. 
You know you are an imbecile when you google how to cut pineapple 😫
How to find exactly what your best prospects are missing on Google & YouTube, 
simple google for a tidal png woulda solved this problem lol 
Google: how do you cut your wrists for most effect
How does  Google rank your site? 
Get your website or blog ranked and found in Google!
 seo
.
Let us help you get targeted website traffic.
.
CLICK: … 
(?% ?/?/?, unknown / unknown) ♂ Hypno appeared! Expires: 20:07:28 (27m 5s). 
6 Easy  LocalSEO  tips:
-Optimize for mobile
-Create  Google My Business acct.
-Name, address phone 
Join us over on  Google+ we are happy to connect 
“This is the start of the Fitbit for the planet.” 
 Election2015 Will security issues affect how Birmingham votes in the General Election? 
Amazing  Forex  Trading Tool on  mytradingbuddy   App for  Android > Live  Economic News Feed with  ForexSignals >… 
 Election2015 Scottish leaders clash in STV general election debate 
 Election2015 Commentary: Here's what will really decide the UK election 
 Remembering the 70s.  famousquotes Enjoy listen 2  Music with  70vibefm  - Get RadioApp: 
Only 5 minutes on Google images.. 
40% of all fake listings included on-call contractors, plumbers, and locksmiths that scammed people. 
 NanetteHB  kangy1116  girlsreallyrule According to google, she is. I really don't know.
google search: what to do when you're on the verge of a mental breakdown in public
Aziz Ansari’s guide to dating by text: ‘We shud hang out sumtimez’ is a bad start | Life and style | The Guardian 
MAAHLOX le Vibeur - tu montes tu descends  Now Playing on 237Xclusive Radio Download App Here 
Q&A: HPE Executive Tom Bradicich On New Software-Defined OT Platform And Why HPE Is A ...  IOT
3 Internet of Things Stocks to Buy Now (STM, MRVL, MCHP)  IOT
 ssirah Anonimous? Google? Jin????
donates  30 million to help nonprofits buy the tech they need 
Nevada Lawmakers Vote To Revive Rooftop Solar  solarenergy
Sandoval says he will sign bill to bring rooftop solar back to Nevada 
[Marine Parade] Miltank (F)  until 08:09:35AM at 910 ECP 
[Northside] Venusaur (M) (IV: 75% - CP: 333) until 07:09:22PM at 5203-5215 Lavender St 
World Building Integrated Photovoltaic Skylights Market 2017-2021 booming at 10.16% CAGR ...  solar
Thanks for all the music: we’re wishing Canada a happy 150th - lukelornfrye gmail.com - Gmail… 
World Bank: private investment & tariffs key to geothermal growth in Turkey  FIT  FeedInTarrif
Samsung Pay adds Bixby voice-controlled banking in South Korea 
Coldbrook church has electronics recovered 
[Southwest Houston] Snorlax (M) (IV: 66% - CP: 1564) until 07:09:00PM at 7902 Dawnridge Dr 
[Ivanhoe] Togetic (M) (IV: 46% - CP: 504) until 10:09:27AM at 78 The Blvd 
[Port Coquitlam] Alakazam (M) (IV: 57% - CP: 525) until 05:05:29PM at 1238 Eastern Dr 
Okay those things specifically I can't lose at all Like everything else is going to google photos but I trust twitter more so lij
Blastoise (M) (IV: 55% - CP: 1411) until 08:04:38PM at  Deer Island Loop Trail 
Revised an "old friend" with the new information. The 3 Treasures of Taoism make XYZ easier to understand here btw.… 
[unknown] A Wild Forretress ♀ is available 'til 08:04:49pm (24m 48s). 
I get : 999999 Gems and 9999999 Gold for free Using this app 'Free Gems for CR'. 

Flesh-eating bacteria infects Texas man with new tattoo. He dies a couple months later. 
An author to try!

 MikeKawula Nice article, but it  notforfree, Using Google Keywords Planner and Google Search Console is going to c… 
 Jenna_Marbles Can you do a Google Deep Dive part 2?
In Washington, Trump Is Roasted. At His Winery, He's Toasted. - New York Times 
Apple HomePod release date, news and features

Unveiled at  WWDC 2017 , the Apple HomePod is Apple's answer to… 
Thank you google, for backing up every photo that I thought was deleted to the drive. Real pal you are.
"Go forth, and multiple eyes" !-)
 LetsFaceIt  maddma  gamedev 
 teacher2teacher  CoriOrlando1  JenRoberts1  MrsHartSMS  Hahne_KingEle  swkreed  bmilla84  MissNikkiIn5th… 
 JamesBo13324054  Finkelmeister  BKapcoe  lilmotza  Awetitu  paulito_mclovin  DianePeace420  jdhardy70… 
Foreign Relations chairman stunned by Trump's Qatar tweets | TheHill 
Dratini - ? (?/?/?) - Inverness. 07:09:52pm (30m 0s). 
Dratini - 44.4 (14/5/1) - Fox River Grove. 07:09:26pm (29m 34s). 
Lickitung until 08:03 (23m 54s). 5.6km SE of downtown. 
"Go forth, and multiple eyes" !-)
 LetsFaceIt  maddma  app 
[Haddon Hall] 33% (3/7/5) Dratini ♂ (Lvl: 18, CP: 367, Iron Tail/Aqua Tail) 'til 08:08:05pm (28m 13s). 
Omanyte  Available until 19:08:41 (28m 47s). 
☛MASAKI YODA -High- on  Google play music  Song  tune  música  Japón  información
Kim Guadagno On the Issues: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know - via 
The ex Google lawyer known for fighting 'patent trolls' resigned as head of US Patent office via  bi_contributors
Pittsburgh’s Transformation Is a Model for Clean Energy Innovation  HBR 
A Game With 2  Balls You Can Play With 1 Hand!
 BallBeARing  maddma  indiedev  gamedev 
Eastmont: Dratini 46.7% (1/12/8) 10CP L1 Iron Tail / Twister until 17:05:50 (26m 7s) 
Can America’s Blue States Tackle Climate Change on Their Own?  HBR 
 jinspuns I can't remember where😭 but if you google bts sims 4 dorm, it should pop up
It wouldn't be a big deal, but I did it myself, without Google or Pinterest. Never really had a need for gravy before.  TIL  allbymyself
▅MASAKI YODA -High- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 _dailydel  ryanjespersen  POTUS And hopefully this year, he won't use a mislabelled training photo in his tweet. I… 
 glowinqtae [INA GO] 2017 JUNGKOOK Bday Project [lightless] by  LittleGolden97 

IDR 500.000/BLM EMS

Tutup: 10 Agu… 
 RightlyNews  john_rooney12  TEN_GOP  Google This is a silly thing to be upset about and you are a silly little snowflake.
The Apple Store's Sudden Purge Of 32-Bit Games Was Just The Beginning  gaming  news  mobile
 julysixth94 nO google it u silly shmoo its charlottes i pinky promise >:(
▶MASAKI YODA -High- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Fox wants to be the next big player in gaming  gaming  news  mobile
John Paul Wood
 BobaFett
[unknown] 47% (7/7/7) Tangela ♀ (Lvl: 2, CP: 89, Vine Whip/Grass Knot) 'til 08:07:43pm (28m 8s). 
Monument Valley 2 Review: So Great, So Short  gaming  news  mobile
[S] Dratini, IV:36 CP:228, MV:Dragon Breath, Aqua Tail, til 07:04:26pm (24m 53s)   10849-10899 Spring Cypress Rd 
 RichardTrubacek  beecee1122  ElDoradoz11  Anticonspiracy2  ErezNeumark  4hala  Shingo571  h7n33n  AqueshaMadison… 
McDonalds, KFC and Subway staff say you should never order these items 
Those  ClintonEmails would've been no safer on a government server than a private server or even a  Google server!  JamesComey  Trump
☵MASAKI YODA -High- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Bay Bridge: Larvitar 66.7% (2/13/15) 414CP L18 Rock Smash / Crunch until 17:04:41 (25m 11s) 
If you want a real investigation of this whole story: google George Webb YouTube channel. He has been on this for w… 
What's New with VMware vRealize  VMware
A Game With 2  Balls You Can Play With 1 Hand!
 BallBeARing  maddma  indiedev  app  gamedev  indiegames plzRT
VMware vCloud Suite  VMware
[Grayslake] Miltank, till 07:08:56pm. (29m 32s remaining) 
Products  VMware
RSA: Dratini 64.4% (8/13/8/Iron Tail/Wrap) till 17:07:24 (27m 56s).
lvl30+ CP:11 (L1)

things like, google translate , anyway...
 FortuneMagazine Now I'll never be able to google-find an image without going through them first...
Locksmiths try again to sue Google over fake local listings 
Comedy RingTones & Funny Stickers:
 Tings  maddma  indiedev  indiegames  android plzRT 
google knows the tea 😳 
 SenToddYoung You may do well to google "Cuckold", and then take evasive actoon, manuever & fire
 NowPlaying James Bay - Let It Go on  RadioITB86 Link: 
Thanks, Brad Walters, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Photo of Whoopi Goldberg Wearing Gory Anti-Trump Shirt Is A Digital Fake  FuckTrump
 mobilelearning - Mobile direct marketing planning toolkit - 27 planning & financial analysis tools.  Save 50%… 
Trump Administration Warns That US May Pull Out Of UN Human Rights Council  FuckTrump
Snorlax until 08:09 (29m 44s). 4.2km W of downtown. 
Now playing Diesel - Grow On Trees 2 dl the app google play & ios be apart of the movement
Envision  Crowdfunding  as Keyalternative Funding Source for New   Startups."Show us Your Money idea"… 
BUBBLE SHOOTER 3D   indiegames   BubbleShooter  3D  IndieDev    arcade  gamedev  itchio 

[Titusville]Mareep ?%(?|?|?) ?CP (29m 41s) Until 08:08:55pm. 
After years-long fight, Colorado approves medical marijuana treatment for PTSD  MedicalDagga
 edtechteam Google things you don't know the answer too
☝MASAKI YODA -High- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 Vitajimind  papaseok It means you can only see things clearly when they're relatively close to you. The medical te… 
 AmaalMallik  MubarakanFilm  SnehaRajani  MuradKhetani  ashwinvarde  arjunk26  theathiyashetty  Ileana_Official The… 
Android Auto is now only an interface but pushing to become a car operating system starting with Volvo, maybe Audi… 
 RADIO  90s  juice Now Playing  My Name Is  Eminem  APPS Apple Google 
Vince Vella - Cosmic Dog  NowPlaying  6music
Google, resumen ahre 
 Dee__Montana I wouldn't lie all you have to do is type in glass ceiling on google lol there's a definition and everything
recipe for sauteed dragon
Queensland mum fights international petroleum company 
Louisiana Scholar Named Chair of Geosciences, Geological and Petroleum Engineering at ... 
Databricks looks to simplify Spark computing via auto-config option 
 girls kissing girls google kari wuhrer nude pictures 
This Is How Occidental Petroleum Survived the Oil Industry's Downturn 
Manual Of Petroleum Measurements Standards Chapter 111 Volume Correction Factors Vol Vii V 7 ... 
GR - A wild Ninetales has appeared! Available until 20:08:14 (29m 10s). 
LUBE STATION 
Lake Tahoe’s Best Beaches – your summer guide to the best beaches at Lake Tahoe….: google… 
8.17.2013 ~ Saturday Special ~ OUTFIT POST ~ It's OK, You CAN Wear Clothes f…: google_ad… 
How to get Google to love your website

How often do you search past page one of Google? If your answer is never,... 
 TSKphantom  ToddZolecki  Ken_Rosenthal Well Herrera probably wouldn't have used Google Translate though.
Target Practice: Trouble Spot Toning Exercises: google_ad_client = "ca-pub-1837596250745322… 
Fixed Odds Betting Terminals are sucking the life out of pubs argues gaming expert  
 BokuCat0205 the school website, google sites, and the research database, are essentially the only things not blocked…
Vaporeon (M) (IV: 37% - CP: 128) until 08:38:44PM at  I-278 
[Brigantine] A wild Dragonair appeared! Expires at 8:08 pm. 
[Woollahra] Forretress (F)  until 10:08:34AM at 85B Ocean St 
Adam son got over 5 million youtube nyc drummer boy on… 
 DetroitPistons  GoPistons  Forum Pistons News: Potential Pistons pick Justin Jackson seasoned game in college.. 
[Great Kills] Snorlax (M) (IV: 17% - CP: 405) until 08:08:32PM at 59 Harbour Ct 
[West Seattle] Snorlax (M) (IV: 75% - CP: 2227) until 05:08:23PM at 6042 17th Ave SW 
Family of Jehovah's Witnesses personally receive award from Vladimir Putin. Will this go in with appeal's evidence? 
[Sydenham] Flareon (M) (IV: 44% - CP: 764) until 10:08:26AM at  Rowe Ln 
AQUAPONICS Market boosting the growth Worldwide: Market dynamics and trends, efficiencies ...  aquaponics
[London] Lickitung (F) (IV: 40% - CP: 51) until 01:08:54AM at 23 Guildford Rd 
CMT Music Awards: Top-Earning Nominees And Can't Miss Performances 
 SEO  tip Strategies for  SEO based on how  Google works 
[Rainier Valley] Togetic (M) (IV: 31% - CP: 702) until 05:05:42PM at 5618 S Hazel St 
HuffPost: GOP Keeps Pretending It's Powerless To Make Obamacare Work Better. 
Lapras (F) (IV: 22% - CP: 313) until 08:08:30PM at 11348 Boulevard Armand-Bombardier 
Hitmontop (M) (IV: 51% - CP: 126) until 08:07:59AM at 19 Pandan Rd 
♐Manabu Uchiyama -Night Beat- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 RADIO  TOP40 Now Playing  Empire Of The Sun  High And Low  APPS Apple Google 
 JaHliiil  HailXaire  yaboi_DH This dude also has access to google😂
 Google Shifts From Festival Vibe to Neighborhood Design for  I/O 2017  EventProfs  EventMarketing
Grand Staircase Monument: Prehistoric Pawn in a ... - The ... - - from  OilLeaksSpills
I just received a reward: Landholder  Gameinsight  Androidgames  Android
When you look up your parents address on  GoogleEarth, go to Street View and see your Dad flip off the Google van..… 
Just catching up 2 this typically thorough & funny reporting by  tadfriend Silicon Valley’s Quest to Live Forever 
 AnasSarwar  HappyBritScot  ScotParl Trust the Scottish people ,  kezdugdale  does! 
Download my new single "I Don't Believe Dat"  FreePC  IDontBelieveDat  PeediCool
 nsthking  JamaicaObserver in Jamaica we have the right to be forgotten... apparently. Thankfully Google.
With Amazon pushing its Alexa AI technology pretty hard and doing a good job at it, and with Google having... 
☵Manabu Uchiyama -Night Beat- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Well,at least the  Dems tried. Lol | Dems introduce bill condemning 'fake news' and 'alternative facts' | TheHill 
[unknown] 40% (2/9/7) Dratini ♀ (Lvl: 28, CP: 578, Iron Tail/Aqua Tail) 'til 08:38:34pm (59m 42s). 
 BGMemoriesTees Is it open book (Google)?
 realmarwanK Since I was introduced to google translate :(
 MeTweetGrizz Who told you to google that? I didn't tell you to google that.  No ma'am. That's on you.
This Trump Stock's Gained Almost 20% Today! 
Fairfax: Vaporeon 51.1% (8/0/15) 484CP L6 Water Gun / Aqua Tail until 17:07:15 (28m 27s) 
 rainha_pinto i meant by a program like google translate, most are very unreliable especially with languages that d… 
Freeland rejects Trump's nationalist policies, says Canada will step up to lead on world stage 
Recognizing honor isn't always honorable: Christian Schneider 
"They were all dancing naked, round and round the ...  blow_up_doll!"
 Tings  maddma  indiedev  indiegame  gaming
Washington Post app download 
  Jets Eric Decker 
Game Bubble Shooter 3D

Google Play: 
[unknown] A Wild Clefable ♀ is available 'til 08:08:06pm (29m 21s). 
 Google in particular, they seem to dispense with "cybersecurity" term, which brings smile to my face.  landryst  BruceHallas  jengolbeck
What it takes to get Beyonce on a world tour 
♩Manabu Uchiyama -Night Beat- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Google: You Can Get Unnatural Links From Good Sites & Natural Links From Spammy Sites
 google  seo  otimização  JohnMu
SteamVR Tracking upgrade to include support for more than two base stations 
Spent the day at google today for work. The innovation and culture… 
Krizz Kaliko is the most underrated artist in the industry. This album is my favorite of the year thus far and... 
A short story by Google Search. 
Google Fiat dollar and you will have the answer to why the rich get richer and the poor get poorer..Conservative 4 rich in UK..Vote Labour.
➟Manabu Uchiyama -Night Beat- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
[Deltona] Venusaur (?%) (?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (29m 44s) Until 08:08:20pm. 
Get Here! Grimer ♂|(?%)|(?/?/?) CP=(?) unknown/unknown til:(08:07:04pm)|(28m 27s)  TybeeIslandRares 
 bradamant  mcmansionhell Oh, I so wanted a photo from the water. It would be just as wonderful. (Was not yet built… 
Lanturn - till 08:07:50pm (29m 15s). Found at unkn unkn (Masonville) 
throwback to high school music. 😆

via real estate technology trends - Google News 
Thanks, Brian Granquist, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Smh had 2 Google the word "should" cuz it looked weird. Got 2 Google & Google'd "google" cuz I forgot what I was supposed 2 b Google'n 🤦‍♀️
Thanks, Aleisha Marie, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
Google Adsense Thi Paisa Kamao (Gujarati guide) - 
(?% ?/?/?, unknown / unknown) ♂ Larvitar appeared! Expires: 19:52:36 (13m 53s). 
Governors Ball 2017 | REVOLT catches up with A AP Ferg  music  festival
▶Manabu Uchiyama -Night Beat- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 pallavimangal1  Google thanks Pallavi!
thenameisaa: Looking to use  Google Plus for  Business? 
Connect has collected the best o…
Mareep until 08:06 (28m 9s). 4.2km NW of downtown. 
This is fantastic. Way to go Google - teaching kids to be "internet awesome" and savvy, good digital citizens. 
 ThankYouTrump3  FoxNews  krauthammer  POTUS Yes he did

totally be forgetting about google drive, time to clear up space on my computer now.
San Leandro: Larvitar 42.2% (4/7/8) 57CP L3 Bite / Crunch until 17:06:03 (27m 40s) 
General Random Survey with public Results!  Surveys

Which country is your state dreaming of visiting this year? [INFOGRAPHIC] 
Man killed at Atherton Caltrain crossing was a Menlo Park lawyer  lawyer
check it out
Lawyer: Retired Navy Officer Expected to Plead Guilty  lawyer
CCleaner for Android helped free 332.76 MB from my phone!
 CCleanerAndroid
Senate Confirms Courtney Simmons Elwood as CIA's Top Lawyer  lawyer
Woman told suicidal boyfriend to kill himself for attention: lawyer  lawyer
The Google Tasks Guide: How to Get the Most Out of the Simplest To-Do App via  zapier
 Facebook  Google - - We can learn a lot here:

Measuring Success: Using Google Analytics 
8 adventures in the Canadian Rockies 
♫REAL -MOTION- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 Jentechnology  CAN_J_mor I are you doing any other trainings on the google yearbook?
Tesla: Examining The Long-Term Technicals 
Toyota has sold all its shares in Tesla - here's why 
Cloyster available until 08:07:07pm (28m 59s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
Made in Nevada: Local company turns toxic waste into fertilizer 
➛REAL -MOTION- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
2017 – The Year of Monetary Revolution – Revisited 
Snorlax 28.9% (0/2/11/Lick/Heavy Slam) till 17:07:39 (29m 30s). lvl30+ CP:1367 (L16) 
George and Amal Clooney Welcome Twins 
Project Manager Construction - Gyms/Retail/Leisure  TotalSite
[Hollybrook] 27% (11/1/0) Dragonair ♀ (Lvl: 19, CP: 768, Iron Tail/Wrap) 'til 08:06:37pm (28m 30s). 
Apple Unveils  googlebusiness  buildmybusiness  onlinebusiness  smallbusinesswebservices 
Steven Spielberg's Pentagon Papers  movie Has a Ridiculously Talented Cast 
The latest The Day in a Paper.li!  google  news
[Snorlax] ?%(?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (29m 23s) Until 08:07:33pm. 
[Curl Curl] Venusaur (M) (IV: 15% - CP: 1479) until 10:37:55AM at 17 Stirgess Ave  sixty
Miltank (F)  until 08:03:11PM at 4458-4470 Tucana Ct 
[North Sydney] Meganium (M) (IV: 60% - CP: 1240) until 10:07:54AM at 50 Union St 
[Rockcliffe - Smythe] Forretress (F)  until 08:07:42PM at 210 Woolner Ave 
[Granville] Rhydon (F) (IV: 44% - CP: 1211) until 10:07:49AM at 10 East St 
Gyarados - ? (?/?/?) - Rolling Meadows. 07:36:03pm (58m 1s). 
[Highline] Togetic (M) (IV: 46% - CP: 142) until 05:05:00PM at 117 S 106th St 
Why Use WordPress to Power Your Small Business Website?  fbp
[Northeast Philadelphia] Vaporeon (M) (IV: 31% - CP: 1627) until 08:07:24PM at 9367 Neil Rd 
[Crown Heights] Venusaur (M) (IV: 71% - CP: 2115) until 08:07:41PM at 1102 President St 

Voila! Just took me 2 minutes to Google Search☺ 
A5: took me a day to prep for level 1 and 2 but I use Google services all  I the time, not afraid to click around  GooglePDWeek  edtechteam
[Balwyn] Hitmonchan (M) (IV: 57% - CP: 1629) until 10:05:21AM at 117 Winmalee Rd 
[Roselands] Meganium (M) (IV: 44% - CP: 1129) until 10:02:11AM at 83 Chapel St 
Possible Outcomes after the US Exit from the Paris Climate Agreement 
[Greater Duwamish] Togetic (M) (IV: 46% - CP: 716) until 05:07:13PM at 3523 S Portland St 
Alakazam (M) (IV: 48% - CP: 118) until 05:02:41PM at 2104 Sexton Ave 
[Northcote] Venusaur (M) (IV: 42% - CP: 1697) until 10:05:30AM at 14 Jessie St 
[London] Hitmonlee (M) (IV: 62% - CP: 1296) until 01:06:58AM at 12 Forsyte Cres 
[London] Blastoise (M) (IV: 37% - CP: 411) until 01:05:32AM at 6 Canter Way 
Bringing Fun & Whimsey Into Your Home with ‘Woorld’, Winner of Google Play’s ‘Best AR ... - 
 afrakt  UpshotNYT in case helps: Student Doctor or Medical Student? And Other Teaching Hospital Names  
 snakespan  brianhallx  FreeBesieged  OwenJones84  LibDems Didnt google everyone of the renowned economists, but th… 
So, how exactly can a Virtual Executive Assistant help you? They can make a massive difference with your business… 
 cmahar3 Google is your friend
The latest The Gros Blog Daily! Thanks to  Zestryon  OlivierRobe  wpmudev  google
Match 3, fun game
 AndroidNougat  androidgame  AndroidDev  indiegame  indiedev  android  gaming  gamedev
 TheRoadbeer  PolitiBunny Golden earring "when the bullet hits the bone"
In case any one cares it's a thunder moon. full moon 2017 - Google Search 
A wild Dratini has appeared in Palmer! Available until 20:05:23 (27m 27s). 
Snorlax until 08:07 (29m 31s). 5.2km SE of downtown. 
Donald Trump Google predictions 
[WL] Donphan, IV:96 CP:2316, MV:Counter, Earthquake, til 07:04:57pm (27m 3s)   102 Pine Manor Dr 
I feel like a Caucasian female singing soflty to trap beats will always do something for me.   love 
Check out  geekyteach and her kids in the commercial for "Be Internet Awesome" campaign!  phled  slamiddle
Bharti Airtel in talks with Google for WiFi hotspots - The Economic Times 
Mareep available until 08:07:25pm (29m 40s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
Verizon forced to fix 15,000 “double poles” and other network problems  Facebook  android  app go to 
Get Here! Electabuzz ♂|(?%)|(?/?/?) CP=(?) unknown/unknown til:(08:07:38pm)|(29m 49s)  TybeeIslandRares 
Twitter users threaten legal action if Trump doesn’t unblock them  Facebook  android  app go to 
Baby Eli, Norn Without A Nose, Captivated The World, Tragically Dies At 2 
 AnasSarwar You talk like the  Labia leader -  Akward  
➝REAL -MOTION- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Recording Studio - Vocals - Toronto 

Get the app from the Play Store

Thanks, Karen Hessel, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
[Oviedo] Snorlax (?%) (?|?|?) ?CP [unknown, unknown] (26m 45s) Until 08:04:27pm. 
This song though ----   
 AMohamed228 Google Translate 😂
A Boba Fett Wooden Spoon!
dnps google auto thing video was so boring i didnt finish 
Coming to 'A Dark & Seductive Affair' in July? Make sure to pre-order your paperbacks from me!😘  ADASA17… 
 sleepike I got my own exit in the East Bay. It goes to a landfill

 FoothillsRed Not a shocker. Had a big one up there July 2012. Google the pics they are amazing
SPLINTER CELL - Trademark Details!


 elcoachKelly Thanks! One person I was supporting was trying to make the Google Site look pretty & I was like, they… 
I'm loving my Google class! Today we toured the world via Google Earth...wow! Thanks  87tennisgirl and  esu11!
Best real gambling apps - Online gambling research - Play live american roulette 
 _gabbymariee UM I WATCHED ON A GoogleE DRIVE LET ME ADK MY FRIEND
Don't Google your preliminary medical test  results.
 mikqelq  TheEllenShow  netflix VERY good idea!! Please  TheEllenShow - if you've never watched: 
 petermacmahon  Charlieh31  kezdugdale  NicolaSturgeon Like this?

Pretty sure my current Google searches for photo references will land me in major trouble soon...  LifeOfAnArtist
Sorteio Gifts Card 50 Reais PSN , Xbox , Google Play, Playstation 4 com ... via  YouTube
▆AKIRA(亮) -DARK SIDE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Mareep until 08:05 (27m 54s). 1.5km NE of downtown. 
Minister Leal thanks farmers during Local Food Week  localfood
 tonyposnanski  realDonaldTrump  tierrafaemarea An argument and a statement are the same. Google it.  mototh He has… 
Inaugural High Country Toast Celebrates Local Food, Drink and Attractions June 23-24  localfood
Kelly Bertram dispelled the anomaly! Mystic Smoke! 
Field to Fork event Thursday will highlight local food  localfood
when your trying to find a song but google and YT don't have any record of it 
 AirbnbHelp can you turn off a google account so i can login with my google email? right now i'm stuck in a loop.
sushi in downtown naperville - Google Search 
Banned from Google Tour 4: Starts at Googleplex and then to many other buildings.: via  YouTube
"Bringing Fun & Whimsey Into Your Home with ‘Woorld’, Winner of Google Play’s ‘Best AR Experience’" by Kent Bye vi… 
▄AKIRA(亮) -DARK SIDE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Asus showed off its Chrome OS devices at Computex - Ausdroid  google
[unknown] A Wild Forretress ♀ is available 'til 08:07:06pm (29m 44s). 
 Dectilon Its the size! Average piercings are like 16g, and the smaller the number the bigger. Google '6g earlobe' to get an idea.
HEY 2017 ALUMNI! We are over halfway full for the Habitat for Humanity HOBY Build Day! If you've thought about... 
The straight A student who dropped out of university 
 wwdc17 Did apple announce anything similar to google’s  projectFi ? That would rock, for the traveling fan boy, sick of roaming.
I get : 999999 Gems and 8445595 Gold for free Using this app 'Free Gems for CR'. 

Thanks, sleepdoctor911, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
A beginner's guide to being a shareholder activist

 Theresistance  OccupyWallstreet
 TheResistanceAreHeroes 
 Ω Ω 
Fan drama is getting in the way of a big 'No Man's Sky' mystery 
Thanks, Lauren Hawkins, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
[Deerfield] Onix, till 07:05:57pm. (28m 43s remaining) 
Kuwait attempts to ease tensions as Arab states freeze out Qatar  news
Which is actually a good thing overall. It just means search engines like Google need to improve their bullshit detection algorithms.
Corinne better not rob us of Alexis screen time. I am serious. 
Web Design Secrets From Google,  WebDesign, website, design, websitedesign, websitedesigner  
[unknown] 56% (10/2/13) Dratini ♂ (Lvl: 27, CP: 593, Iron Tail/Wrap) 'til 08:05:21pm (28m 6s). 
Dratini - ? (?/?/?) - McHenry. 07:07:03pm (29m 50s). 
Google CTF Event June 17th and 18th! 
Hope To See Some Of Y'all Compete With Us!
Thank You  cybraryIT For The Education!!
Lab tests shed new light on what's in your pets food 
☝AKIRA(亮) -DARK SIDE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
get the app and listen live!

INNER CIRCLE - SWEAT
If they don't call me today I'm rating them a one star on Google let's see how they like that because I'm 
Another New York real estate developer admits to meddling with local elections » 
 HTML5 Web Browser  Biometric  Fingerprint  Authentication Module for  ALL Web  Browsers
 CyberSec  InfoSec  IoT
WordPress for Beginners 2017   Google AdSense Implementation – 
 kristifarinelli the Google says "yes but..."
 davidduncanw  ReedTimmerAccu Wouldn't be the first time! Google the July 2012 tornado up there.
Google AdWords Launches Greater Visibility Into Quality Score Components & What This Means For You.… 
Fundamental difference between Google & Apple. Yet still, both will ALWAYS have its own competitive advantage over… 
Joyryde - Hot Drum
Now on  Instagram  valleelectronico
Listen in our APP  FutureHouse

World Health Organisation issues new advice on antibiotics prescribing - Pulse 
06/06 19:35 / 3322 Baugh St, RA / Breathing Difficulty (6B9) / T14 / 050X / EMS39
Get paid for answering short surveys. Download Google Opinion Rewards now: 
Emeryville: Dratini 53.3% (14/2/8) 661CP L30 Dragon Breath / Aqua Tail until 17:35:18 (58m 14s) 
[Bridlewood] Forretress (F)  until 08:06:58PM at 3101-3329 Finch Ave E 
Helping kids be safe, confident explorers online!  Google  GoogleForEdu  beinternetawesome  GoogleEdu
[Tuas] Venusaur (M) (IV: 68% - CP: 258) until 08:06:34AM at 80 Tuas S Blvd 
[Leaside] Arcanine (M) (IV: 68% - CP: 608) until 08:02:21PM at 20-24 Commercial Rd 
Google Attribution Just Made Understanding The Value Of Marketing Dollars Much Easier

[Tampines] Snorlax (M) (IV: 71% - CP: 2595) until 08:06:07AM at 41 Tampines Street 92 
I'd love to be incentivised | Google will punish developers who incentivize reviews to boost app visibility  
[South Yarra] Dragonite (M) (IV: 42% - CP: 1148) until 10:06:33AM at 66 Darling St 
[Vancouver] Snorlax (F) (IV: 68% - CP: 1352) until 05:06:12PM at 4580 Maple Crescent 
[North Narrabeen] Feraligatr (M) (IV: 42% - CP: 2009) until 10:04:52AM at 8 Lake Park Rd 
Southwest Supervisor responding to '37F - Freeway Blockage' at S R L Thornton Fwy Sb / W Illinois Ave | Beat 446 | 
06/06 19:35 / 3322 Baugh St, RA / Breathing Diff (FBD) / T14 / 050X / RFE11
 kron4news  KRON4RFladeboe We want google fiber in American canyon
Toronto: Home sales drop as listings surge, prices moderate in May » 
 suzybie Please take the 2017 FIPFA World Cup Athlete Online Survey and share with teammates. Survey link: 
 cocainablanco So you Google some instead. 👍🏼😂
 AskeBay I meet with the Prime Minister of Malta once a year and Google just started business there. Please let Devin know if I can help
 erfon would like to see Apple provide free unlimited storage of photos on iCloud like the google pixel has...
2nd floor residents trapped after apartment removes stairs | WSB-TV 
San Jose confirms talks with Google for massive downtown site 
Google Sniper: 
➠AKIRA(亮) -DARK SIDE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Custom Appeal -  0.00
 Services4Sale
List   } Download BlackTradeCircle App… 
THE IMAGES THEY USED AS EXAMPLES WERE
1. YURI ON ICE PORN
2. A GoogleE SEARCH FOR "HOW TO DO A DAB"
IQulture Catering -  0.00
 Services4Sale
List   } Download BlackTradeCircle App 
Skarmory ? ?% unknown, unknown Available until 19:05:31 (28m 34s). 
Vacation for life -  0.00
 Services4Sale
List   } Download BlackTradeCircle App… 
 cindybristow Using google doc formulas for now. It's set up to automatically deliver data to athletes email immedi… 
Mills College: Venusaur 73.3% (11/9/13) 1976CP L28 Razor Leaf / Solar Beam until 17:05:00 (28m 9s) 
Thanks, Renate Austin, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
 ataygyal Like I said its not haram, but best to wait till wedding is over, google it & it's even in our culture
It has occured to me that trying to learn a language through memes and Google translate isn't gonna work.
Dratini until 08:05 (29m 7s). 6.0km SW of downtown. 
Get  0.05 for every download.  5.00 for every biz.  blackCommunity  BlackTradeLines 
no it was a pic i found on fucking google images 
Good checklists!  ericcurts 👍  GooglePDWeek
Top  Wordpress Website development in Malaysia. Hire us!!! Get a 15 days Free Trial!!!! Call us - +60 169185667 
google: what is the end of LSD
uhhhhh

google: what is the end of LSD Playstation 1
Betsy DeVos abandons LGBTQ students, won’t protect them from discrimination. 
Rapid Economic Development Project 
  melanin
 Melanin  staywoke
Interested in this new  google online safety campaign, and seeing if any friends or colleagues has a perspective? 
Google: How to lose ten pounds in time for EDC
Here is a list of jobs available in the Low Country Area: Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)-Charleston, Registered Nurs…
google how do i love him even when he's a tory
Downtown/Merrit: Dratini 40.0% (8/8/2) 608CP L29 Iron Tail / Wrap until 17:00:23 (23m 44s) 
[WL] Wigglytuff, IV:? CP:?, MV:?, ?, til 07:04:44pm (28m 5s)   unkn Woodlands Pkwy 
➜Very very Berry -Night Cruising- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Cyndaquil available until 07:52:36pm (16m 2s). unknown / unknown (unkn% - unkn/unkn/unkn)  
San Jose confirms talks with Google for massive downtown site via  svbizjournal
Get  0.05 for every download.  5.00 for every biz.  BlackTwitter  BlackTradeCircle 
Applications for our summer internship program are due next week! Learn more at 
Citizen scientists discover new cold star close to our solar system 
➠Very very Berry -Night Cruising- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Fitness star: Being a 'badass' is about so much more than half-naked pics 
Fitness and Faith 
Planet Fitness – Lose Membership If You Do Not Want To Shower With A Man 
Fitness fundraiser June 10 for dad's liver transplant at Fitness on the Water 
USA Functional Fitness to Host USA Functional Fitness National Championships in September 
9 Fitness Deals That Let You Sweat in Style 
Snorlax Available until 18:42:09 (5m 33s). 
FACE It Fitness kicks off Kids at the Capitol summer series 
 latimes No because you can still Google it lol
Dratini - ? (?/?/?) - Lake in the Hills. 07:06:28pm (30m 0s). 
Trump is now raging at Jeff Sessions. This hints at a deeply unsettling pattern. 
 StateMaryland can we have a another conversation about concealed carry for law abiding citizens?  
And so, why Google bought Twitter? A third-row ticket for a public servant?
➔Very very Berry -Night Cruising- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 colvin127  mypoliticalspat  hubie0  Michell71375111  LanaResistance  MoodyHusband  sagedapprentice  georgewells08… 
a reminder: geckos can scream and bark. it's cute, google it.
[WL] Weezing, IV:38 CP:671, MV:Tackle, Dark Pulse, til 07:05:24pm (29m 1s)   1836-1948 Lake Robbins Dr 
Checkout my smash single "Her Birthday" on ITunes, Tidal, Spotify, Google Play and wherever music can be digitally… 
Affinity Photo is the first iPad editor to retain all the desktop features  tablet
[WL] Dratini, IV:? CP:?, MV:?, ?, til 07:03:41pm (27m 19s)   2596-7078 Woodloch Forest Dr 
 EcceNerdo The Permissions issue you are experiencing was a change in the Android OS, when Google introduced a new… 
 CNN  sweetatertot2  TomiLahren does fake news reporting on fake news equal real news? 
 hollyloumurphy Congrats  hollyloumurphy!  Google is 🍀 to have you. 👊
Students from Rwanda learn Ag in North Platte  Rwanda
 AnasSarwar  kezdugdale Do you actually stand for anything? Not seen a single policy tweet, just  SNP obsessing Ask… 
Build notes for King Kong 90GTGlobal Max: as seen here:  KingKong90GT  GPS  OSD  FPV  drone
EDITORIAL: Others should emulate RDF's Army Week concept  Rwanda
 sleepike There's actually a Sheridan street right next to the Foundry too

San Leandro: Flareon 48.9% (4/15/3) 2055CP L27 Ember / Flamethrower until 17:04:06 (27m 48s) 
Global aviation body revises 2017 profitability outlook upwards  Rwanda
(?% ?/?/?, unknown / unknown) ♂ Forretress appeared! Expires: 20:06:06 (29m 37s). 
The business side of Brexit  Rwanda
A Snorlax appeared! Available until 19:04:49 (28m 31s). Check the Map for IV if available. 
Go Sox... 
Call for more home-grown innovations in governance  Rwanda
New study to determine impact of natural assets on GDP in the offing  Rwanda
Dratini  Available until 19:01:48 (25m 25s). 
[unknown] A Wild Houndoom ♀ is available 'til 08:04:08pm (27m 52s). 
 NowPlaying Donnie Ray - ROCK ME BoeingBY
(Android App) (Apple App) 
☵Very very Berry -Night Cruising- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 SEO How To Write Effective SEO Press Releases That Get Noticed 
 WeLoveLA  Dodgers A minor-league promotion celebrating the female body? Really? | John Smallwood  SportsRoadhouse
 EURUSD Panda Clouds the USD/JPY Picture ► via 
 WeLoveLA  LARams Bonsignore: In Andrew Whitworth, the Rams are getting much more than a new left…  SportsRoadhouse
 KimKardashian 🌞👑📢ItsAnotherHit&Run 🏃
 SEO How To Attract Targeted Web Site Traffic When You Start Your Own Internet Income Business 
WHEN YOU REVERSE SEARCH AN IMAGE ON GoogleE FOR THE RECEIPT 
 WeLoveLA  LARams New coordinator Gregg Williams making impact on Cleveland Browns' defense  SportsRoadhouse
 WeLoveLA  Angels Cameron Maybin compliments Detroit Tigers fans, bummed to sit series  SportsRoadhouse
 UK intelligence was warned about  LondonBridge attackers - so was  FBI about  BostonMarathon bombers 
 xenarion  IconicSanches google translate masterclass
 Gators Florida and Wake Forest bring opposing strengths into NCAA Super Regional  SportsRoadhouse
China just flew a 130-foot, solar-powered drone designed to stay in the air for months 
 WeLoveLA  Angels Game Day Thread: Detroit Tigers look to Daniel Norris to keep up winning ways  SportsRoadhouse
[unknown] 58% (9/7/10) Tangela ♂ (Lvl: 6, CP: 341, Infestation/Solar Beam) 'til 08:05:16pm (29m 6s). 
Google Search: how to get a boy to stop asking you out because you have a boyfriend and you dont like him like that
 BSADexter  nytimes it is legal for businesses to discriminate against people with dreads:
Retweeted Business Insider ( businessinsider):

9 Google search tips only power users know about... 
 Soccer  Soccer pros defend girl mistaken for boy after organizers disqualify her team  SportsRoadhouse
 Dodgers  ThinkBlue A minor-league promotion celebrating the female body? Really? | John Smallwood  SportsRoadhouse
 WeLoveLA  Angels Twins to welcome Rod Carew back to Minnesota next month  SportsRoadhouse
 Gators 2019 commit McRae excited about recruiting class  SportsRoadhouse
[unknown] 58% (8/14/4) Dratini ♀ (Lvl: 19, CP: 414, Dragon Breath/Aqua Tail) 'til 08:03:58pm (27m 49s). 
➛Very very Berry -Night Cruising- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 Bucs  Buccaneers What will the NFC South look like in 2020?  SportsRoadhouse
Umbrella man by peter max. Finally arrived. Google it if you don't already know. 

 umbrellaman… 
Report: Short DDoS Attacks Can Have Lasting Security Impact 
Get Here! Butterfree ♂|(?%)|(?/?/?) CP=? unknown/unknown til:(08:05:36pm)|(29m 30s)  AugustaRares 
 pizzahut our Pizza Hut is the worst! Can you please do something? 😫 I miss your pizza! Read these reviews: 
Sick of my Google notifications always saying "Traffic is heavier than usual" or "Traffic very heavy" You all need to recalibrate your usual
Salon: Michael Moore announces TrumpiLeaks, a website for anonymous anti-Trump leakers. 
[Fairlight] Arcanine (M) (IV: 48% - CP: 1596) until 10:05:44AM at 12 Parkview Rd 
"After Markelle Fultz visit, Danny Ainge still keeping Celtics' plans fluid - Boston Herald" {by } via  Google  Sp… 
[Toongabbie] Miltank (F)  until 10:05:42AM at 98 Cornelia Rd 
[Concord] Golem (M) (IV: 46% - CP: 200) until 08:05:30PM at 81 Buttermill Ave 
[Crows Nest] Blastoise (M) (IV: 57% - CP: 226) until 10:35:22AM at 29 Holtermann St  sixty
me: trying to look up who created napkins
google suggestion: 
[North Turramurra] Flareon (F) (IV: 60% - CP: 1787) until 10:05:22AM at 336 Bobbin Head Rd 
UFO-CQ is a signaler that sends messages out to whoever might be listening in space. UFOcomm
[Northside] Miltank (F)  until 07:05:16PM at 928 Walling St 
[Weston] Lapras (M) (IV: 42% - CP: 328) until 08:35:20PM at 43 Cross St 
[Jamaica Plain] Rhydon (M) (IV: 6% - CP: 656) until 08:05:55PM at 79 Eldridge Rd 
If you are that ill informed... Google pros and cons of who shall I elect... remedial based info available! 
Whether you're traveling or stuck late at work, all you need is a resistance…: google_ad… 
Ifcyou can't explain your content well, you don't understand it. (Google Webcasters)
[East Cambridge] Lapras (F) (IV: 40% - CP: 1175) until 08:03:40PM at 55 Broadway 
[Mosman] Meganium (M) (IV: 86% - CP: 935) until 10:34:18AM at 36 Botanic Rd  sixty
Give your dinner party a warm and welcoming feel by setting up a serve-yourself …: google… 
[Vernon Hills] Snorlax 71% 1677cp, till 07:05:20pm. (29m 22s remaining) (Zen Headbutt/Hyper Beam, 13/13/6) 
[The Port] Snorlax (M) (IV: 82% - CP: 1315) until 08:05:24PM at 100-176 Washington St 
Fallout 4 Vault Boy 101 Bobble Head Series 3: Arms Crossed for Collectibles | Ga…: google… 
[Ilford] Snorlax (M) (IV: 15% - CP: 1106) until 01:03:48AM at 114 High Rd 
[Burnaby] Togetic (M) (IV: 22% - CP: 97) until 05:04:59PM at  Ridgeview Trail 
[Manly] Venusaur (M) (IV: 88% - CP: 940) until 10:05:04AM at  Collins Beach Rd 
[Pasir Ris] Jolteon (M) (IV: 37% - CP: 1648) until 08:05:02AM at  Pasir Ris Farmway 1 
Thanks for having me at  EARL2017, fantastic audience and questions! Please find my  rstats slides at… 
Mareep 77.8% (9/13/13/Tackle/Thunderbolt) till 17:05:32 (29m 33s). lvl30+ CP:403 (L17) 
Trudeau decides it’s just not worth appeasing Trump in foreign-policy shift - The Globe and Mail 
does anyone know how to save videos onto your iphone from google drive?
☵REAL -FUTURE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 RADIO  00s  juice Now Playing  Loneliness  Tomcraft  APPS Apple Google 
 maleck66 un search en Google Drive, twitter, Facebook y Gmail
Roadshow: Uncertain future for international cricket in Wales: Download Cricbuzz App: 
If you cannot be a poet, be the poem!  Quotes  Wednesdays with  70vibeFm App: 
 alisa_stephens  Poska Would have said this too (not the geog bit) but some interesting ideas around the teaching a… 
➟REAL -FUTURE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
 ReputationManagement hacked websites to 'inject' illegal code to remove complaints  brandmarketing  darrenmeade
Electabuzz  in Cherry Grove until: 08:04:47pm (28m 55s). 
Major <b>Internet</b> Companies Like Reddit and Mozilla Are Readying a Net…  ExpressHatred
Amazon Joins Protest Supporting Net Neutrality  ExpressHatred
Net Neutrality Supporters Plan July 12 “Day Of Action” To <b>Block</b>…  ExpressHatred
Silicon Valley Aims To Rally Opposition To Net Neutrality Rollback  ExpressHatred
<b>Internet</b> and tech giants to stage global net neutrality protest  ExpressHatred
Net Neutrality Action Day Set for July 12  ExpressHatred
Roger Smith , '77 Sunset Strip, Star and Ann Margret Husband Dies At 84 
lastly, don't save your manuscript on a flash drive. Save it on google docs. losing that flash drive is soul crushing and you WILL lose it
CONFERENCE DE PRESSE ''BOXING FOR LEGEND''  culture
➙REAL -FUTURE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Around Downtown Santa Brought you a ?% Snorlax it has (24m 38s) Please check map for cp 
Why Alex Honnold’s Free Solo of El Cap Scared Me | Outside Online 
 SharkGera  TBursoni  newenglandgrl  Canmore3Girl  GHJNancy  SaraPuchini  beachcrazy70  LuckeyLass  debjensen0… 
Brenda white gathered the collection Vinyl records! 
See this scum bag? He murdered and raped a 2 year old. He's safer locked up than out here, I'll say that. 


➜REAL -FUTURE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Grimer - till 08:05:12pm (29m 32s). Found at 316 Oxford St W (West London) 
Hillary Clinton is investigated by the Senate again
Chew on this, flakes‼️ 
Sandy dispelled the anomaly! Lost Time! 
 TomFitton  JudicialWatch Indictment coming soon. 
Smartphone Users Can Easily Access Their Kindle Notes & Highlights  smartphone
Does your website really cater for all types of technology?...

Google is looking to triple the number of people... 
Phanpy - till 08:02:26pm (26m 48s). Found at 397 Thompson Rd (Glen Cairn) 
 irishpowerchair Please take the 2017 FIPFA World Cup Athlete Online Survey. Survey link: 
New Zealand & USA will honour Brett Forte at the funeral today. How sweet x 
 Robbin_Young Robbin could you do me a fav and retweet this link of my niece's daughter who suffers from a CHD       
5 Steps to Getting Your Brand 'Hired' in the Real World 
Forretress - till 07:55:44pm (20m 9s). Found at 195 Boullee St (Huron Heights) 
Announcing Google Cloud Platform Cost Control with ParkMyCloud 
I ain't Google but I'm all you're searching for ;) 
Romain Iannone - Lake  6music  nowplaying  bbc6music
Elderly Americans Are Taking Their Grandkids' Summer Jobs by Zero Hedge 
 keitaemin ok I need a limit to keep from sending my whole Taem Google Drive folder (yes I have one) in your direction
 Alani_X Lol. Idk man. Thats gonna be a google question, or I'd have to look through the manual.
Review: UPDATED: Google Glass.  gamersunite  ios  gameplay  iphonegames 
Green bubble? Cannabis investors on white-knuckle ride as share prices fall - Calgary Herald… 
 MarieColby  RoguePOTUSStaff  AltHomelandSec I'm not sure his supports know about "google"
I'm earning  mPLUS Rewards with  WhoDaMaster !  app
➠REAL -FUTURE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
(?% ?/?/?, unknown / unknown) ♂ Nidoking appeared! Expires: 19:47:48 (12m 8s). 
WSJ Ends Google Users' Free Ride, Then Fades in Search Results via  technology
People who know Reality Winner react to federal investigation || || "Just shocked like I guess anyone who knows he…
Vital water project resumes 
[unknown] 69% (2/15/14) Dratini ♀ (Lvl: 24, CP: 530, Iron Tail/Twister) 'til 08:04:16pm (28m 48s). 
Pembina Valley Water Co-op Asks Public To Conserve Water 
Apple reportedly adds support for FLAC lossless audio in iOS 11 
Burlington Junction ponders water options 
Universal is adding The Phantom of the Opera and The Hunchback of Notre Dame to its cinematic ... 
Finding and Selecting a Home Water Treatment System 
 Google  Everything George Clooney's Ever Said About Being a Dad - E! Online 
Quayside, bid on by  Google, will be a test bed for innovative city building  TOpoli 
 Davidfifth5 ios 11 is going to be great, and i know since you’re a google fanboy, you think that anyone who likes apple is retarded
Romain Iannone - Lake  NowPlaying  6music
A wild Dratini has appeared in Longmoor! Available until 20:03:22 (27m 57s). 
➔REAL -FUTURE- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
Artists buy beats on the go with the Mini Producer app 
Save  50 off  100 Purchase at Tommy Bahama – Valid Online & In-Stores via SwagGrabber - For a ... 
Thanks, Christine Edwards, for your excellent review on Google  Birdeye_ 
David Ignatius: The Russia investigation, as seen through Moscow's lens  Z3r0
Destin looks at regulating beach wedding sites - The Northwest Florida Daily News 
Report: Short DDoS Attacks Can Have Lasting Security Impact  Z3r0
The model asslatinnauthy is now live! En vivo por  camgirl  sex  webcam 
Where to Resell Your Wedding Dress - Racked 
Looking to use  Google Plus for  Business? 
Connect has collected the best of the best tips.
The model queen_latingirl is now live! En vivo por  Ts  Tranny  Shemale 
Are you ready to have your Chrome game upgraded?  
Now playing king S-O Feat.  PLASH GOD Prod. thankyoutakeoff - Cuff No Thot dl the app google play & ios be apart of the movement
[Grayslake] Dragonair 51% 747cp, till 07:04:06pm. (28m 54s remaining) (Iron Tail/Dragon Pulse, 4/6/13) 
APPLY TO BECOME AN EXEC FOR THE 2017-2018 YEAR! Click below for the form

06/06 19:33 / State Rd 1375 & Goode St, RA / Sick Call (26B9) / -NO- / 076G / EMS31
 BETMusic  spiceofficial  GIPHY Like literally coulda google her
[unknown] A Wild Vileplume ♂ is available 'til 08:05:01pm (29m 48s). 
A 1.2 magnitude earthquake occurred 1.86mi SW of MacArthur Park, CA. Details: Map: 
Staples: Ream of Multipurpose Paper for only  0.01 via SwagGrabber - Staples is offering a Ream ... 
Free fitness classes in downtown South Bend 
 NeverForget  How Donald Trump Shifted Kids-Cancer Charity Money Into His Business  GOPShame  
This Hotel Now Has Rooms With Mini Personal Gyms Inside 
The Who’s Pete Townshend bringing Billy Idol along for Classic Quadrophenia orchestral tour – Consequence of Sound 
What's New with Google AdWords? - 
MONEY: How the Apple HomePod compares to the Amazon Echo and Google Home 
Obama warns of Trump's extreme nationalism and xenophobia 
This boils down to the unintended consequence of Google incrementally changing their search algorithms to focus on content above all else.
Snapchat Maker Snap Acquires Consumer Tracking Firm Placed  Android  Google  news 
This conservative super PAC is on a mission to keep California's vulnerable GOP congressmen in ...: 
Panda Clouds the USD/JPY Picture  forex  usdjpy  fx  news
➔Very very Berry -Third- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
When the lips are silent, the heart has a hundred tongues. 
Who Wants To See (Another) Glaring Market Disconnect?  forex  usdjpy  fx  news
South Oakland: Dratini 35.6% (4/0/12) 474CP L23 Dragon Breath / Wrap until 17:01:40 (26m 34s) 
[The Queensway] Snorlax (F) (IV: 15% - CP: 1442) until 07:59:06PM at 10 Athol Ave 
[Great Kills] Venusaur (M) (IV: 71% - CP: 331) until 07:59:08PM at 173 Maybury Ave 
USDJPY Cracks Support at 110.10 but Daily Close Is Key  forex  usdjpy  fx  news
EU Hopes for Western Balkan Common Market by Mid-2018 
Syrian-Iraqi War Report – June 6, 2017: ISIS Advancing In Deir Ezzor 
[Port Moody] Togetic (M) (IV: 31% - CP: 609) until 05:04:28PM at  Admiralty Point Trail 
🤖surfaces Twitter's most shared  machinelearning content. Have you seen 
France takes hardline against migrants ahead of elections 
 RADIO  90s  juice Now Playing  Too Much  Spice Girls  APPS Apple Google 
Jah Mason - I Cry On | Droid:| iOS:
 faithav_ Quick question, does it bother you that a Nazi website is the top result on Google hosting the audiobook… 
[Irving Park] Chansey (F) (IV: 62% - CP: 1078) until 07:33:04PM at 4300 N Spaulding Ave 
[Hoppers Crossing] Hitmonchan (M) (IV: 46% - CP: 425) until 10:04:55AM at 3 Westmill Dr 
Typhlosion (M) (IV: 51% - CP: 1784) until 08:34:05PM at  Foot Branch Cir 
Pupitar (M) (IV: 51% - CP: 742) until 05:04:01PM at  Boulder Hwy Trail 
 NowPlaying on AOR Then and Now: Van Stephenson - Righteous Anger 
- Radio survey here : 
[London] Hitmonlee (M) (IV: 48% - CP: 1586) until 01:03:14AM at 285 University Way 
[Roslindale] Forretress (F)  until 08:04:43PM at 317 Kittredge St 
[JP] Medley Festival Round 17
PT1: 105055 (+242)
PT2: 58136 (+242)
PT3: 29114 (+127)

 LLSIF  スクフェス
➝Very very Berry -Third- on  Google play music  Song  tune  音樂  Japan  information
AMBER Alert (missing child) for Tennessee 
2 Powerful Google Analytics Metrics That Can Improve Your Search Rankings by  mikecoder via  B2Community
 neiltyson Google already has them. I feel like we aren't using magnets to their full potential. I tried to read bu… 
probably ur last chance in this lifetime u'll ever get to say "i shorted  AMZN  Google at  1000" to ur grandkidz
Swing Trading Stock Returns in February - SharePlanner  FB  TSLA  JPM  Apple  Google 
 XLF  SPY  Apple  AMZN  Google:

Why Bank Stocks Are Lagging: ‘Off The Charts’ With Cramer:


 AMZN  FB  Google  .SPX  XLE:

FANG stocks, oil prices and sliding bond yields could be drivers for …:


Is 'Google It' Enough To Drive Alphabet Revenue Growth?  Apple  APPLE  AMZN  Google  GOOG check out TICKER SYMBOL  D…
I love this idea!  Have that wall do dual duty as the longest solar farm on the planet!  TSLA  amd  uso  xom  f  fb… 
S&P 500 Video  SPY  SPX 
 stocks  FB  TWTR  TSLA  AMBoeing  OCLR  PLAY  JDST  AMZN  GDX  WINS  Google   SIRI  FCX
Is 'Google It' Enough To Drive Alphabet Revenue Growth?  Apple  APPLE  AMZN  Google  GOOG OMG-STOCK SYMBOL DCSA www.…
Is 'Google It' Enough To Drive Alphabet Revenue Growth?  Apple  APPLE  AMZN  Google  GOOG 
 GOOG  Google  AMZN:

Is ‘Google It’ Enough To Drive Alphabet Revenue Growth?:


Is 'Google It' Enough To Drive Alphabet Revenue Growth?  Apple  APPLE  AMZN  Google  GOOG
On 3-29-17 we wrote:

Options traders: The real secret behind the  Google stock rise 
Return… 
Do you know that  Book Value for  Google is  209.43 
 Google Breakout failure today, and bearish engulfing candle. See if it holds the 8D for a play now. 
Alphabet Inc  Google Upgraded to Buy by Vetr Inc. 
Trading Options Around Earnings Reports:  options  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA  Apple  BBRY  TIF  Google  LNKD  FB  QCOM
 XLF  SPY  .SPX  AMZN  Google:

Cramer’s charts explain why the banks can’t seem to break out …:


Alphabet Shares Follow in Amazon's Footsteps and Top  1,000  Google  AMZN 
 StinkyBeachNnja  ggmanutd7  zerohedge By "gig" not sure if your referring to  FB,  Google, or  AMZN but those are all profitable
 Google [Yesterday] Projection vs TodayActual. Stats on site. 100% fees to charity. Broadening Top... still in play 
Key Market Events - Market Update by Vince Vora for June 6th, 2017  stocks  AMZN  NFLX  Google  FB  Apple  GS... 
Broke this news 3hrs ago. Follow me for more exclusive insider source.  Apple  XLF  QQQ  AMZN  SPY  FB  Google 
 Google n  AMZN both have a possibility of a short term reversal here
Google Fiber launching Webpass gigabit internet service in downtown Seattle  Google 
Check out r/tradingsystems on Reddit for info on trading systems:  Apple  TSLA  NFLX  AMZN  Google  VIX  SPY  VXX  FB
 PrisonPlanet Are there not some EU countries that do not have as much "First Amendment" protection as USA to where… 
Even at  1,000 per share, Alphabet may have more upside ahead.  GOOG  Google
Officially switching to  Google Finance.   YHOO finance has become unusable.   FixIt  VZ
 Google  CTL 
 jack  biz Shark tank in the technology space!  Apple  Google  MSFT  CRM! Find a mature & established partner & sell2… 
FEP Wants  Google's Parent To Provide Charitable Donations  Transparency  lauriesullivan  MediaPost  Google  GOOG
How to Day Trade Stocks for Profit by Harvey Walsh:  SPY  Apple  SPX  Google  AMZN  NFLX  TSLA
 AI  DeepLearning  MachineLearning  NeuralNetworks  BigData  Google  NLP  Translation  Algorithms  TechNews… 
BOOKED:  NationalCenter's Danhof talks w  AFRnet  afncwoodward re:  Alphabet/ Google &  ClintonFoundation  Google
I try and give some insight into "active position management.  spx  spy  aapl  googl  amzn  baba  fb  adjust
JUN-6-2017 - Scott Redler - Daily Recap - Volatility Strikes Back -  spy  amzn  fb  googl  baba 
 Google:

US Patent and Trademark Office head Michelle Lee resigns:


 GerberKawasaki  chris_stearns  memikey44  NotaBubble  7wtc  yusschr  BoeingTFANNG Trade continues to work -  BoeingBoeing… 
 Options  maxpain chart for  Google. Free options app 
Markets Selloff Into the Close  ES_F  SPY  FDX  SHOP  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google 
JUN-6-2017 - Watch the -  DailyRecap by  RedDogT3 -  spy  amzn  fb  googl  baba 🎓 
 Google  Options OI chart. Free stocks app 
 AMZN  QQQ  Google:

We Get a Small Dose of Market Drama:


Top Money (  Cost) Options - 06.06.2017 - 1128  PCLN JAN18 1400 Cs - 790  Google AUG17  960 Cs 10000  YHOO JUN17  60 Ps
Why NVIDIA Stock Growth Is No Sure Thing --  The Motley Fool  stocks  MSFT  Intel  Google 
Why NVIDIA Stock Growth Is No Sure Thing  themotleyfool  stocks  MSFT,  Intel,  Google,  AMD,  NVDA,  XLNX,  GOOG 
Got the  AMZN &  Google belly flop
 Apple  AMZN  Google  TWX  DIS:

Why Steve Jobs’ Grand Vision for a Breakthrough Apple Product …:


 NFLX  Google  Apple  SNAP  MSFT:

Consumers Know FANG Brands, Just Like Investors Know Stocks:


FAANG + T: Where Will They Finish The Month? (Poll) |  FB  AMZN  Apple  NFLX  GOOG  Google  TSLA


 Google Todays trading with Alphabet Inc. for  996.68 on date June 06, 2017.  Finance
 SIRI to buy  P but  Google or  Apple should slide in by Friday with  10B offer & end negotiations and take users/data. DATA IS THE NEW BLACK!
 StockSlammer What if  AMZN  GOOG  Google are done hitting new all time highs on a daily basis and actually, ready f… 
 AMZN  Google  TSLA  PCLN I did say that Comey was a factor. Just a stock killing news cycle of doom and it turns out to be nothing as usual.
There was talk on  cnbc that a sell program was set on FANG stocks. Down - 2,000 today. Long  Googl now
Many Outside Day attempts on the select few winners.  AMZN,  Google,  PCLN to name a few.  SalivatingBears
 learnstocks101  TSLA just followed  Google &  AMZN right down. Agree, Trump on Thursday & his "exuberance"  on stoc… 
The Options Playbook by Brian Overby:  VIX  AMZN  NFLX  Google  SPY  IWM
 TSLA  GM  F  Google:

3 challenges Tesla faces as shareholders meet:


Folks over at  AMZN amd  Google must be kicking themselves for not thinking of this 
 AMZN  Google topping?   Both sporting bearish engulfing candles
 alpepinnazzo told u 1st (as usual)  QQQ  FB  AMZN  Apple  NFLX  Google thks Courtney & Carlo, monster as usual🤑🤑🤑 
 FedPorn  AMZN  GOOG  Google taking out lows of the day after criminal run up to all time new highs today....
Late day rotation out of tech  googl  amzn  xlk  qqq. Financials showing relative strength which is a positive for the market  spy  spx
"FANG stocks are taking it on the chin today."

 FB down -0.53%
 Apple UP 0.44%
 NFLX UP 0.21%
 Google down 0.69% 
Recent  Google technical alerts: New 52 Week High... 
 Google  NFLX  AMZN  FB  ACN:

5 Cheap Value Stocks That Are Worth a Look Now:


 sellputs  AMZN  GOOG  Google after hitting new all time highs now taking out lows of the day
 Google:

Google to teach school kids about online safety, etiquette:


 AMZN  Google  P  PYPL  Apple:

Here’s What Analysts Said About Apple’s WWDC:


 FB  AMZN  Google red, but  NFLX green? How dare you. I bet you will go red too =)
Tech stocks  AMZN &  Google rolling hard. Big boys are taking profits after little investors duped into thinking they would never go down.
 DayTradingZones  great calls on  Google and  AMZN sell zones.
Ding ding ding  googl  amzn  tsla
FANG´s massacre ?  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google 
Thanks Facebook you're the best.

 twtr  FB  Googl

Google, you need to step up your game 
Spazzy Nazzy spank and tank.  Oh wait, I mean  AMZN and  GOOG  Google (  NDX not really an index of stocks.....)
Sold 1/2 of  tsla puts for a quick gain..  googl as well .. still holding short  tsla cs
 googl  tsla  amzn all selling off simultaneously at the moment
 Google has left the  1k club 
 Google  AMZN low of the day
 CMCSA  NFLX  Google:

Uber Just Fired 20 People Related to Its Sexual Harassment …:


Source told me Comey won't be saying anything that would lead to  realDonaldTrump impeachment.  SPY  QQQ  XLF  Apple  JPM  BoeingC  AMZN  Google
dat feel when your Gmail inbox   hit 1000 one day after  Google rose above  1000/shr...
not sure if this means anything but  AMZN  Google have not participated at all in the little afternoon rally
 Syncubate  BuyThisPlatform  KateSikavica  MattCropp  maira  opentogrow  mbauwens  Google  FB doing better so far bu… 
 Apple  AMZN  Google  FB Arnold once again! 
 AMZN  Google sitting today out
BTD strategy until it stops,  NVDA  AMZN   NFLX  Google  TSLA   QQQ  SPX
 AMZN search is not  Google search. Keywords will need to be different.  IRCE17  AmazonMe 
Indexes aren't easy to call but don't think I have to.  Apple  Google  TSLA all more interesting. Plus we earnings in… 
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  Apple:

Stop Obsessing Over Trump Tax Reform and Soaring FANG Stocks …:


 Apple  FB  Google  NKE  MSFT  AMZN trade 4x-40x book value with that multiple  SNE  SONY should trade btw  80 to  800 
Amazon Smartphones, Again  GOOG  Google  AMZN
Who Are Uber's Biggest Competitors?  GM  Apple  GOOG  Google  BoeingBoeing  TCEHY
 Google Overbought 
 SPY YTD: 9.7% My YTD: 34.59%. Mostly thanks to  MU ( Apple and  Google are holding their own as well).
 TSLA  Google:

The Market Is Trading in a Vacuum:


 MSFT  FB  Google:

Kaspersky Files More Antitrust Complaints Against Microsoft in Europe:


. LizAnnSonders breaks down our obsession with FANG stocks  TheStreet  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google
Here's Why FANG Stocks Are Going to Explode   AMZN  NFLX  FB  Google  jimcramer  thestreet
 Apple  AMZN  Google  FB Arnold says to buy the dips! 
 Apple  Google  AMZN:

Here’s Why Amazon’s Next Big Market Could Be in the Pharmacy …:


 Google:

Google Will Open This Massive Research Building in California, and …:


 googl too? 
Great day for tech stocks  Apple  MSFT  Google  AMZN  FB  NVDA all made gains on way or another
As noted last week, all the upgrades coming for  Google,  FB,  Apple,  NFLX.  Right on cue.  A couple more out of the way Nasdaq is done.
 AMZN has a  PE over 100. Slap a 100 PE on  Google & you get a  3,000 stock price,  DIS -  600,  MSFT -  300.   cvpayne  varneyco.  Cultstock
 Apple  AMZN  Google  FB we can hear his voice! 😂😂😂😂 
Nice! Its a great day for tech stocks...  FB  Google  MSFT  AMZN  Apple 
Google Top news - Jun 6th, 2017  Google 
 Apple  Google  TSLA:

How Apple may kill the smartphone in 10 years: Gene Munster:


 Syncubate  BuyThisPlatform  KateSikavica  MattCropp  maira  opentogrow  mbauwens  Google and  FB are essentially di… 
Could Government Regulation End The Social Media Growth Story?  GOOG  LNKD  TWTR  FB  Google
 corpgovnet  BuyThisPlatform  KateSikavica  MattCropp  maira  opentogrow  mbauwens Not clear how  TWTR is a step up… 
Morgan Stanley Picks Winners, Losers As Browsers Build In Ad Blocking  FB  Google  GOOG  AMZN  CRTO  SNAP  ZNGA ... 
 Apple  Google  FB:

Apple and Google’s New Ad Tools Are a Win for Consumers but …:


Why Lyft and nuTonomy Joined Forces on Self-Driving Taxis  GOOG  Google  RNSDF  GM 
 GM  GOOG  Google:

Why Lyft and nuTonomy Joined Forces on Self-Driving Taxis:


Revising driverless car guidelines  Apple  GOOG  Google  UBER
 Apple  AMZN  Google  FB Dr Sbaitso says: Buy the dip!!! 😂😂😂😂 
Will Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Push Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) Above  200? via  marketcycles  FB  GOOG  Google 
 YELP like all dips here   Google
 Google Google stock is now US 1,007  per share !! 
Could Government Regulation End The Social Media Growth Story?  GOOG  GoogleE  LNKD  TWTR  FB  Google check out TICK…
Could Government Regulation End The Social Media Growth Story?  GOOG  GoogleE  LNKD  TWTR  FB  Google OMG-STOCK SYMB…
ACTIVE TRADERS, please choose one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  AMD  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
Could Government Regulation End The Social Media Growth Story?  GOOG  GoogleE  LNKD  TWTR  FB  Google
Is Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:Google) still a good investment? via  marketcycles  GOOG  Google 
Don't miss our next FREE OPTION TRADE.  Sign up for our Daily Free Trades at 
 NVDA  TSLA  GS  AMD  M  Google  FB
 Google  Apple  Intel  AMZN:

Apple Plays Catch-Up With HomePod, Upgraded Macs, Amazon Prime Video:


Amazon Smartphones, Again  GOOG  GoogleE  Google  AMZN check out TICKER SYMBOL  DCSA 
"Flying saucers, levitation"...
 QQQ
 FB
 AMZN
 Apple
 NVDA
 NFLX
 Google 


Amazon Smartphones, Again  GOOG  GoogleE  Google  AMZN OMG-STOCK SYMBOL DCSA 
9 companies that offer amazing perks to their employees  Apple  Google  UBER  AIRBNB  HLT  GPS  WFM  JWN  SBUX
Amazon Smartphones, Again  GOOG  GoogleE  Google  AMZN
MAXLIST: GS, BIDU lag. Most trending up 8 ema.  Apple,  AMZN,  TSLA,  Google 
 Google update. Still moving from bull flag 
 Google Joe Kunkle  OptionsHawk - Google (Google) seeing  10.5M of August  960 calls bought to open at  66 to  67… 
 Google setting up 
Many mention boredom in Mkt lately  MOMO  TSLA  LITE  AMZN  Google  VEEV  WYNN  OLED  SHOP  NVDA  MU  LRCX  BoeingBoeing  MKSI not that boring
Merrill Lynch’s Top Picks in Robot and AI Stocks  Google  IBM  LMT  TEL  QCOM  NVDA  ISRG  ETN  HON  BKFS
. jimcramer on FANG stocks:   FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google 
Good week so far, still in  BoeingBoeing. 100% gainers in  Google and  TSLA (wish I stayed in!!!) and misses on  BIDU and  NFLX.
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  Apple:

FANG Stocks All Surge to All-Time Highs This Week:


Jake13:  Google Alphabet Class A 1,005.89 Had 408,270 1  InvestorsHangout
Apple Plays Catch-Up With HomePod, Upgraded Macs, Amazon Prime Video:  Apple  AMZN  Google  Intel
 BuyThisPlatform  KateSikavica  MattCropp  maira  opentogrow  mbauwens Both are problematic but at least a step up from  Google  FB
That's how stocks work. So anyhow, 
+86% on  TSLA
+281%  Google
+275%  GOOG
+65%  NFLX
- 65%  TWTR (I'll never recoup my Twitter investmnt) 😕
. jimcramer weighs in on Tuesday's trending stocks with  ScottGamm  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  GM  CSX  CTXS
Alphabet (Google) Follows Amazon to the Esteemed  1000 Club  GOOG  Google  AMZN  PCLN
 Google Alphabet Class A 1,005.89 Had 408,270 1 Month Highs. Google Last price 1,005.89 Last change +2.01 +0.20% 
 Google  IBM:

Merrill Lynch’s Top Picks in Robot and AI Stocks:


If you've been watching  AMZN  Apple  Google - In short, tech stocks are doing a madness. 
 FB  AMZN  Google  NFLX  TSLA  Apple  MSFT  ISRG  EA  ADBE  AVGO  FDX  DPZ  NVDA  PM GETIN DA GREAT BUBBLE O 2017 don… 
 Apple  AMZN  Google  FB once again! 😂😂😂😂 
 Apple  FB  Google  MSFT  BoeingBoeing:

Apple’s Big Leap Into Augmented Reality: How Big the Market Could …:


 FB  Apple  Google  NFLX  AMZN:

Here’s Why FANG Stocks Are Going to Explode:


 AMZN  FB  NFLX  Google:

Facebook, Netflix and Google Aren’t Expensive Stocks, but Amazon …:


Digital Transformation: Are Your Investments Disrupting Or At Risk?  AMZN  GOOG  IBM  MSFT  NFLX  PI  Apple  Google
Snap acquires Placed to prove geofilters drive store visits  Google
Alphabet: Another Democracy Vote  Google Even symbolic votes are can be meaningful.  corpgov… 
Morgan Stanley picks winners, losers as browsers build in ad blocking  CRTO  Apple  GOOG  Google  FB  AMZN  SNAP… 
 Google:

Google’s Wireless Internet Service Still Expanding:


YahooFinance: LIVE: Google's curriculum and game to teach kids about the web -  Google 
YahooFinance: LIVE: Google's curriculum and game to teach kids about the web -  Google … 
 Google shares soar past  1000 a week after  AMZN does that Investment Bullish Stock Market: 
LIVE: Google's curriculum and game to teach kids about the web -  Google 
LIVE: Google launches internet safety programs for kids -  Pras_S explains  Google 
Just trimmed my acct significantly by cashing out tons of profits made lately  tsla  nvda  amzn  googl  nflx  fb. Incredible year again!!!:)
therez no one left tradin this market besidez robots at this point b4 thu implosion  FB  TSLA  ISRG  AMZN  Google  NVDA  MSFT  FDX  EA  NFLX
Congrats to  Google whose shares surpassed  1k for the first time yesterday (and  AMZM just did the same!). 
YahooFinance: 5 MIN: Watch AlexisTVNews rickjnewman Pras_S talk Trump's agenda,  Google, &   wwdc2017 w/ Pogue… … 
YahooFinance: 5 MIN: Watch AlexisTVNews rickjnewman Pras_S talk Trump's agenda,  Google, &   wwdc2017 w/ Pogue… 
5 MIN: Watch  AlexisTVNews  rickjnewman  Pras_S talk Trump's agenda,  Google, &   wwdc2017 w/  Pogue… 
 BoeingBoeing still looking great.  NVDA  Google  FB slack
ok, so lets take  Apple,  Google,  FB, and  NFLX out of the picture today.  We are we?  I will tell you, triple digits down
 WFC  AMZN  Google:

Here’s Why the Stock Market Is About to Plunge Nearly 10%, Even …:


Understanding Options 2E by Michael Sincere:  options  trading  SPY  VIX  Apple  Google  TSLA
 Google  ANET  AAOI  CRTO  LOGM:

Ad Firm Criteo Hit As Apple Makes Play For Consumer Privacy:


FREE DAILY Option Trade of the Day 

  

 AMD  NVDA  TSLA  NFLX  BoeingBoeing  GS  FB  Google  AMZN
Apple's (Apple) WWDC '17 Kicks Off with Action-Packed Keynote  Apple  AMZN  GOOG  Google
 W6VA They need to go pick on someone their own size then and blame Alphabet images page...   GOOG  Google
Vetr users have upgraded Alphabet Inc. to a BUY Rating (3.5 stars), giving  Google a target price of  1052.36 
This  TSLA Put Buyer Might Have Remorse!  VRX  BRK  AGN  MYL  Merck  TWTR  JNJ  SNAP  BMY  PRGO  f  KO  PeP  GOOG… 
Why Google Assistant Is Smarter Than Siri, Cortana, or Alexa
  Apple  AMZN  MSFT  GOOG  Google 
ROSS CLARK
 FB  AMZN  NFLX
 Google  MSFT
stand out in our 133 names on a list of monthly Upside Exhaustions on JUN 5

 Apple  CRM  Google  FB  AMZN:

Monuments of Building Concern: Apple, Others Display ‘Edifice …:


The  HEMP University Presents 'Farming Hemp for Profit'!   QQQ  GE  GM  GLW  MSFT  YHOO  HD  DIS  DISH  Google  HPQ
 GOOG  Google:

Apple Will Become The Leading AR Platform:


 Apple  CRM  Google  FB  AMZN:

Apple, Others Display ‘Edifice Complex’; Are Their Monuments of …:


 MikeShellyIrl Grt Q1 since bumps my  Google FV a bit higher. No current plan to sell at FV as grwth trajectory/pros… 
 Google new highs
just buy the BoeingT FANG and make money.  simple  BoeingBoeing  Apple  TSLA  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google
 FB  AMZN  Google  NFLX all leading names into highs this week
These stocks go to eleven...hundred?  AMZN &  Google both up again today. New record highs above the  1,000 level. 
Can Apple's (Apple) HomePod Outmuscle Amazon and Google?  Apple  AMZN  Google 
Can Apple's (Apple) HomePod Outmuscle Amazon and Google? via  Richard_STv  Nasdaq  Apple  AMZN  Google
Tech stocks leading again, keeping the market from falling.  AMZN  Google  NVDA  MSFT  Apple  FB all green.
Watching for a blow off top in  AMZN,  Google - not happening.  Especially w  APPL looking like it wants to run again
 TSLA Is Slaughtering Their Shorts With Another New 52 Week High!  GM  F  BRK  IeP  IBM  MSFT  Apple  GOOGl  GOOG… 
13 new S&P 500 record highs in early trade incl:
Amazon  AMZN
Netflix  NFLX
Salesforce  CRM
Alphabet  Google
Nvidia  NVDA
Visa  V
etc

 cnbc
Leaders look in after 1/2 hour  EA  MELI  AMZN  Google  TSLA  NVDA  BoeingBoeing  FB 
 Google Google's latest in a recent string of educational programs takes aim at helping kids fight trolls, hackers… 
 Apple  AMZN  Google:

Tech Battle: Apple vs Google:


< This is your chance to become a Super Trader. I suggest you take action NOW.  SQBG  FGEN  DIS  Google  EPAM  NVO
Alphabet Inc  Google Earns “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada 
 Google  Apple  FB  NFLX 
Alphabet Inc  Google Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Instinet 
 Google NEW ALL TIME HISTORY OF UNIVERSE highs...   NoOneKnew  OPM  NoRisk
 googl over 1007.40 could launch .. yest highs
Of course Jim Cramer couldn't distinguish  AR vs  VR if  Google hand delivered the definition of both. Get real! 
 Google Pot. cont. Uptrend LONGERTERM Wly-Dly-Hly combo chart  Google  Stocks 
 TSLA LOL.  Tesla = rocket ship, every single day  QQQ  SPY  DIA  DJIA  IWM  GOOG  Google  NFLX  AMZN  Apple  FB  stocks  stockmarket  finance
 Apple  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  MSFT  NVDA  TSLA  DPZ  V BUY THU BUBBLY ATHS ZERO RISK! 🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷🐷
Remember  800B Market cap Apple  Apple latest innovation was just a home speaker. Compare that with Blackberry  BBRY… 
 WFC  AMZN  Google:

Amazon and Alphabet May Be Over  1000 but the S&P 500 Could …:


Bidders slapping up the price on  Apple at open looking bullish Apple is  disruptive to  AMZN and  Google
 Google 960 Calls SELLING Activity expiring on 18th Aug, Vol 775
 Apple  Google  MSFT but as of RIGHT NOW, how the dynamics in play4maximum  Synergy.
 Apple  Google  MSFT of course they can all develop their own devices&fill the gaps over time...
Alphabet Is the Best Play on the Digital Landscape  GOOG  Google - 
Google: Buy the (rare) breakout above 1,000!  Google TV_TradingIdeas
Google: Buy the (rare) breakout above 1,000!  Google 
Google: Buy the (rare) breakout above 1,000! -  Google chart 
Apple Will Hit All-Time Highs. Get Yours With Low Risk  Apple  Google  IBM - 
Nice Bo in  TSLA.  Rem one of my fav LT plays.   Google  AMZN trending >1000. How's many think dwn open  SPX amounts to anything.
 BBRY  TM  FB  Google:

BlackBerry Stock Falls After Toyota Adopts Rival Technology for …:


Stocks that hit all-time highs Monday

•  MSFT
•  NVDA
•  FB
•  PYPL
•  TSLA
•  SBUX
•  V
•  NFLX
•  AMZN
•  Google


most of the  tech stocks performs all time high on monday, here v go  Google  FB  PYPL  SBUX  MSFT  V  NFLX  AMZN  NVDA  TSLA
 Google stock recommendation downgraded via  CNBC  ft.  KesslerCFRA  Google
BlackBerry BBM keeps adding services in Indonesia before all of that gets launched globally.   BBRY  BBM  MSFT… 
Stocks that hit all-time highs Monday

•  MSFT
•  NVDA
•  FB
•  PYPL
•  TSLA
•  SBUX
•  V
•  NFLX
•  AMZN
•  Google

 Invierte sabiamente
Trailing Stops Winning Stock (part 2)
 COHR (240)
 CGNX (91)
 CDNS (33.50)
 EDU   (70)
 FB.     (148)
 GRUB (42)… 
 Google,  Apple,  MSFT,  AMZN and  FB lead most valuable global brands list 
Why Netflix's CEO Compares His Company to Facebook and Google  NFLX  FB  GOOG  Google 
2 Driverless Car Stocks Investors Don't Need to Babysit  GOOG  Google  TSLA  NVDA 
Stocks that hit all-time highs Monday - mostly  Tech: 

•  MSFT
•  NVDA
•  FB
•  PYPL
•  TSLA
•  SBUX
•  V
•  NFLX… 
Apple's New HomePod vs. Amazon's Echo  Apple  AMZN  GOOG  Google 
MUST READ: Busted growth model, time to fill the gap:  Google  BIIB  SD  COKE  YGE  ALK  SVU  RL  CP&G  APO
Cribstone Capital Management LLC Has  1.51 Million Position in Alphabet Inc  Google 
Stocks that hit all-time highs Monday

•  MSFT
•  NVDA
•  FB
•  PYPL
•  TSLA
•  SBUX
•  V
•  NFLX
•  AMZN
•  Google
Stocks that hit all-time highs Monday

•  MSFT
•  NVDA
•  FB
•  PYPL
•  TSLA
•  SBUX
•  V
•  NFLX
•  AMZN
•  Google

…
JUN-6-2017 - Watch the -  MorningCallExpress by  officialjennyj +  RedDogT3  spx  aapl… 
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  .IXIC:

What’s ‘worrying’ the man who ran the largest tech fund:


In my opinion you just have to watch  AMZN  FB  Google  MSFT  NVDA. If we experience some heavy selling in the... 
 FOX  FB  Google:

Fox Buys Mobile Game Maker Aftershock to Add to FoxNet Portfolio:


Goldman: Follow the smart money because the stocks most...  AMZN  FB  Google  wlst 
Goldman: Follow the 'smart money' because the stocks most... AVGO  AMZN  FB  Google  
Apple bubble about to burst with no innovation in sight, Home speaker announced? For a  800B company?  Apple  MSFT… 
 Video: 4min demo on Correlation Tracker - new in 6.1  ES_F  SPY  NUGT  NFLX  Google  Apple 
Viking Fund Management LLC Sells 100 Shares of Alphabet Inc  Google 
Apple bubble about to burst with no innovation in sight.... I called it.  Apple  MSFT  Google  AMZN  BBRY  WSJ… 
Alphabet Inc  Google Shares Bought by First Command Financial Services Inc. 
Alphabet Inc  Google Stake Raised by Tompkins Financial Corp 
Alphabet Inc  Google Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Instinet  stocks
Scutify Pre-Market. Apple Is Officially Jumping Into The Home Speaker Market.  Apple  AMZN  Google  TMUS  S  HomePod 
Scutify Pre-Market. Apple Is Officially Jumping Into The Home Speaker Market.  Apple  AMZN  Google  TMUS  S  HomePod… 
 Apple  AMZN  Google  XLF  HDS:

Market Recon: Stay Long Apple’s Stock, Even If You Do Not Love It:


Amazon & Google joined the  1000 exclusive club. But BlackBerry  BBRY innovated & developed technology which even… 
Revising driverless car guidelines  Apple  GOOG  Google  UBER  LYFT  TSLA  GM  F  FCAU  TM  HMC 
 VOD  WPP&GY  Google  FB:

Vodafone Blocks Ads on ‘Fakes News’ and Hate Speech Sites:


 Apple  AMZN  Google:

Apple Uses Its Annual World Wide Developers Conference To Take …:


Will The Apple HomePod Be Successful?  AMZN  GOOG  Google  Apple
 AMZN  APPL  FB  Google  MSFT:

U.S. Tech Giants are the Five Most Valuable Global Brands:


 katranjeet BlackBerry is innovating & now as a Software Company has the technology for the future, it belongs with… 
Facebook Alphabet Twitter Accused Of Providing Safe Space For Terrorism  Google  FB  TWTR
Even short sellers are realizing that BlackBerry is undervalued.  BBRY  BLACKBERRY  MSFT  Apple  Google  AMZN 
 Apple,  AMZN,  Google others vow to meet Paris climate goals on their own, BI reports 
If you bought Google at the IPO you would be up 2260% as  Google surpassed  1,000/share mark yesterday  TheMoreYouKnow  TimeMachineTrade
Exploiting Earnings Volatility by Brian Johnson:  options  trading  earnings  Apple  SPY  VIX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
Lessons From The Megacaps  Apple  APPLE  AMZN  FB  GOOG  Google  MSFT  OEF  SPY  RSP check out TICKER SYMBOL  DCSA w…
Lessons From The Megacaps  Apple  APPLE  AMZN  FB  GOOG  Google  MSFT  OEF  SPY  RSP OMG-STOCK SYMBOL DCSA www.docas…
Lessons From The Megacaps  Apple  APPLE  AMZN  FB  GOOG  Google  MSFT  OEF  SPY  RSP
Why Netflix's CEO Compares His Company to Facebook and Google  themotleyfool  stocks  Google,  NFLX,  FB,  GOOG 
 APPL  AMZN  Google:

Apple’s  350 HomePod: Gateway to  20 Billion in Revenue or …:


2 Driverless Car Stocks Investors Don't Need to Babysit  themotleyfool  stocks  Google,  NVDA,  TSLA,  GOOG 
"The culmination of the Information Age was not going to be at Microsoft."  Google & its early mobile strategy. 
Revising driverless car guidelines  Apple  GOOG  Google  UBER  sitifatimah  malaysia  financialplanning
 Google:

Google Is World’s Most Valuable Brand At  246 Billion:


Graybill Bartz & Assoc Ltd. Boosts Stake in Alphabet Inc  Google 
Revising driverless car guidelines  Apple  AppleInc.  Apple  GOOG  Google  UBER 
Apple's New HomePod vs. Amazon's Echo  themotleyfool  stocks  Apple,  Google,  AMZN,  GOOG 
Recommendation  HOLD for  Google with UB rating - 3.09 out of 5. 
Alphabet Inc Class A  Google soars past the  1,000 mark for the first time 
 TSLA  Google more 
The world's  100T question: why is  inflation so low? ANSWER: THE  INTERNET
via  markets  FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google
BlackBerry vs Blu Products patent trial result could be out soon.  BlackBerry  BBRY   WSJ  SeekingAlpha  Apple  MSFT… 
Payrolls hangover,Middle-East view tied WallSt. FMCG led,Energy coped, Utility↓.DJIA SP500 -0.10%- NASDAQ -0.16%.  1K for  Google.  FOR+12.6%
5 Reasons You Should Own at Least 1 Artificial Intelligence Stock  themotleyfool  stocks  Google,  AMZN,  FB,  NVDA,… 
 DigitalTransformation: Are Your Investments Disrupting Or At Risk?  AMZN  GOOG  IBM  MSFT  NFLX  PI  Apple  Google
Drifting  Apple  AMZN  GOOG  NFLX  FB  Google 
Snap acquires Placed to prove geofilters drive store visits... JoshConstine |  SNAP  Snapchat  Geofilters  Google 
Subscribe to this incredible high return trading model:  VIX  SPY  Apple  TSLA  FB  AMZN  Google  NFLX
Material for Scale and Reach for BOTH  aapl +  amzn +  googl (I'll explain later) 
// INVESTING IN GoogleE STOCK 📈 Is Alphabet Stock A... //  Google  trading  investing  stocks 
 FB  AMZN  NFLX  Google  .GDAXI:

It’s not too late to catch a ride on the FANG rally:


Managing risk is what will lead to greater profitability - here are 3 ways.  trading  Apple  FB  NFLX  Google  AMZN  
Why Google Assistant Is Smarter Than Siri, Cortana, And Alexa  Apple  AMZN  MSFT  GOOG  Google
 TityoSatya  Google may not since they have only done 1 split in the past to split the voting shares, but  AMZN has… 
 Googl and  Amzn both cut up thru  1,000 like a hot knife thru butter. Super bullish!! 
Alphabet Inc  Google Lifted to Buy at Vetr Inc. 
 AMZN  Google stock split is coming… probably next earnings
Alphabet Inc  Google Lifted to Buy at Vetr Inc.  acn
Alphabet upgraded by Vetr Inc. to buy.  1,052.36 PT.  Google  Google
Monday June 5, charted  IWM  Apple  FB  NFLX  Google  TSLA  BoeingBoeing  NVDA
Alphabet Inc  Google Upgraded at Vetr Inc. 
 Google nice solid break today. Looks good for higher 
Tuesday's Watch Part 2:  NVDA  SPY  Google  JNUG  HLF  PTX  LOXO  MNKD  NAK  SNAP  TGTX  PLX  ROX  MSFT  PBYI ☺️😘 
via IncredibleTrade:  SPY  SPX  ES_F  FB  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  Google -- People are bullish but there isn't much greed… 
 SPY  SPX  ES_F  FB  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  Google -- People are bullish but there isn't much greed in the market to top… 
Apple unveils  HomePod, taking on Amazon & Google via  technology by  markgurman  atbwebb  Apple  AMZN  Google  WWDC17
Commented on StockTwits: ...Especially  Google with the acquisition of NEST. 
What happens the day after an all-time high...
 TSLA  Google  NVDA  SBUX  CRM
 starbucks  tesla
 Apple  AMD  Intel  FB  Google:

7 Key Takeaways From Apple’s WWDC Hardware and Software …:


Mobile Web Investing Facts  MobileWeb  FB  Google 
 Apple  FB  Google  NKE  MSFT  AMZN trade 4x-30x book value with  SNE  SONY should trade btw  80 to  500  analysts he… 
You Can Be A Stock Market Genius by Joel Greenblatt:  SPY  STX  VLO  WDC  Apple  Google  Walmart
What does Tencent want w/ Silicon Valley?
 TCEHY is already competing with the likes of  Google  AMZN &  FB  WatchOut

Grow your wealth with  ProfectuSystems trading models.  Apple  AMZN  NFLX  Google  TSLA  MSFT  VIX  SPY  VXX  UVXY  IBM  WFC  JPM  C  GS
The Internet in 1969. And now the global Internet market capitalization leaders:  Apple  Google  AMZN  FB via ValaAf…
 Google finally breached and closed above that 1000 mark just a few trading days behind  AMZN,  Steady climb with a… 
The Internet in 1969. And now the global Internet market capitalization leaders:  Apple  Google  AMZN  FB 
 Google - Online Terrorist Propaganda Still a Challenge for Tech Companies 
 Google  GOOG:

Online Terrorist Propaganda Still a Challenge for Tech Companies:


Don't miss our next FREE OPTION TRADE.  Sign up for our Daily Free Trades at 
 NVDA  TSLA  GS  GILD  JPM  Google  FB
As our thanks, please choose one of these free trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  MAGA  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
If you’re not making money in this market & want consistency, try our team 

 FB  NFLX   AMZN  Google  TSLA  Apple  GS
Our REAL TIME TRADE ALERTS via PRIVATE  TWTR FEED, perfect for people who have FT jobs and trade part-time!  AMZN  NFLX  Google  NVDA  GS  FB
NOW OFFERING: 7 Day FREE Trial to our options day trading team Room or  TWTR feed
 FB  Apple  NFLX  TSLA  AMZN  Google
Live Trading Room or Private  TWTR Feed LIVE TRADE ALERTS, Mkt Commentary, Traders of all Levels  AMZN  NFLX  Google  TSLA  Apple  CMG  FB  GS
 Google  Apple  MSFT  AMZN  FB:

Google, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook lead most valuable …:


 Apple  AMZN  FB  Google  TSLA Unless day/swing trading, I would NEVER chase these up here (wouldnt short neither) 
 Apple  AMZN  Google  Intel:

What Did You Think of Apple’s WWDC ’17 Keynote?:


 johnscharts - Saw your comment about "dome shaped" volume on  Google - never heard of that term - bullish or bearish?
ACTIVE TRADERS, please choose one of these FREE trading guides:


 NFLX  TSLA  Apple  BoeingBoeing  GS  FB  AMZN  Google  NVDA
Don't miss our next FREE OPTION TRADE.  Sign up for our Daily Free Trades at 
 NVDA  TSLA  GS  NFLX  BoeingBoeing  Google  FB
 FreedomTrades2 Sounds  like  MSFT or  Google may buy  TWTR while  Apple tries to develop its own messaging system.
It's Time For Change At The Top For  IBM!   MSFT  CRM  BRK  ORCL  KO  PeP  TWTR  Ge  GM  GOOG  googl  IeP  BoeingBoeing… 
 FreedomTrades2 What are the implications of this?  Is it possible that   MSFT &  Google r already good friends?
The 6 Biggest Announcements From Apple WWDC 2017 
  Apple  AMZN  FB  GOOG  Google 
 Apple  AMZN  Google  GOOG  NFLX:

HomePod First Look: Hey Siri, What Took You So Long?:


 Google - Apple Unveils Smart Speaker Called HomePod -- 5th Update 
Commented on Will The Apple HomePod Be Successful?  AMZN  GOOG  Google  Apple
Check Out Today's IIC 100 New Highs ►►►  including   SUPV  Google  OLED  XPO  etc...
 Apple unveils  349  HomePod smart speaker, competing with  Amazon Echo &  Google Home  Apple  AMZN  Google
